===== 2025 Q3  (2025-04-30 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Well, good day, everyone. And welcome to Amcor’s Fiscal 2025 Third Quarter Results Conference. This conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand things over to Ms. Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, Operator. And thank you everyone for joining Amcor’s fiscal 2025 third quarter earnings call. Joining the call today is Peter Konieczny, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investor section, you’ll find today’s press release and presentation, which we’ll discuss on the call. Please be aware that we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. Reference can be made to Amcor’s SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q, for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and then rejoin the queue if you have any additional questions or follow-ups. With that, over to you, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Tracey, and thank you to all who have joined us for today’s call. Today is a defining day for Amcor, as we successfully closed our transformational combination with Berry Global earlier than we anticipated and in record time. Early close means that we are now positioned to accelerate earnings growth through the delivery of significant synergies that are identified and within our control. I want to thank the Amcor and Berry teams for their hard work and dedication over the past months. Together, they have navigated challenges and complexity to accomplish a truly remarkable outcome that positions Amcor for a faster start on synergy delivery and growth. As always, on Slide 3, we begin with safety, our number one priority. This commitment remains unchanged as we welcome 30,000 new colleagues to Amcor. Our total recordable incident rate, TRIR, fiscal year-to-date was 0.027 (sic) [0.27], and 69% of our sites have remained injury-free for over a year. Our focus on workforce safety and the well-being of our people is resolute, and we continue to achieve industry-leading performance. Our key messages for today are on Slide 4. First, we continue to deliver EPS growth in Q3, reflecting disciplined execution and resilience in a demand environment that became more variable and uncertain as the quarter progressed, particularly for our North American business. Second, as I mentioned, the Berry combination closed ahead of schedule. It took less than six months from announcement to close, during which time we secured shareholders approvals, completed the necessary refinancing, including a multi-billion-dollar debt offering and obtained unconditional approval from regulators in all required jurisdictions. As a result, our earnings and cash flow guidance has also been updated to reflect expectations for the combined company in the fourth quarter. And third, our early close also means we will enter fiscal 2026 in an even better position. With confidence, the synergies run rate will start strong and build quickly through the year. The source of synergies has been identified. Our execution plans are clearly set out and within our control, and synergies alone give us clear visibility to significant total earnings decrease of approximately 12%. Turning to Slide 5. As we begin integration, our focus is clear. Deliver identified synergies and grow faster. Experience with previous acquisition tells us that having clear accountability and alignment from day one is critical to our success. This combination brought together two extraordinary pools of talent, and we are fortunate to have a team of leaders in place with significant functional, operational and industry expertise. Our business is organized around two segments. Amcor’s Global Flexible business is being led by Fred Stephan, who has many years of experience within Amcor leading large-scale Flexible Packaging businesses. And Jean-Marc Galvez, former President of Berry’s Consumer Packaging International division, is leading Amcor’s Global Containers and Closures business. Fred and Jean-Marc are well supported by world-class functional leaders and dedicated integration teams, with separate work streams focusing on capturing cost, financial and growth synergies. Slide 6 provides a recap of the highly compelling rationale for this combination and the alignment with our strategy to become the packaging partner of choice for customers, while also delivering stronger, more consistent and sustainable organic growth and further improving margins. There are a number of growth unlocks now available. The combined company is a better business, with a complementary and broader portfolio of primary packaging solutions at scale across consumer goods and healthcare end markets. In the context of a stronger, larger-scale company, we are now uniquely positioned to further refine our portfolio mix, to focus even more on attractive, higher-value, faster-growing end markets. With further pruning, we will increase average growth rates, margins and cash generation across the remaining portfolio, and we continue to advance our work on this review. In addition, Amcor has exceptional and now enhanced capabilities in material science and innovation, providing opportunities to drive growth by effectively and efficiently leveraging our combined resources. With more than 1,500 R&D professionals and annual R&D investment of approximately $180 million, we can now optimize and redirect R&D spend, providing capacity to focus on solving the most complex functionality and sustainability challenges faced by our customers and consumers. Executing against these growth opportunities and delivering the significant identified synergies is largely within our control and will drive compelling near- and long-term value for shareholders. Turning to synergies on Slide 7. The work our integration teams have already completed gives us confidence in delivering $650 million of synergies, which will result in significant earnings growth over the next three years. Approximately 40% of total synergies or $260 million is expected to benefit fiscal 2026 earnings, a further $260 million of synergies will benefit earnings in fiscal 2027, with a balance in fiscal 2028, leading to total EPS accretion in excess of 35% over the three-year period. In addition, we expect one-time cash benefits of $280 million from working capital improvement, which will fund costs to achieve. Finally, on Slide 8, and the compelling sustainable financial value we’re creating. Including synergies, annual cash flow available to reinvest will exceed $3 billion each year by fiscal 2028, and will enable us to maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, deploy additional cash to support higher levels of organic volume-driven growth, finance further M&A and continue funding a compelling and growing dividend from Amcor’s current annualized base of $0.51 per share. With stronger cash generation and greater opportunities to invest, we also expect to increase long-term EPS growth and raise the outcomes under our shareholder value creation model to a new and higher level. Simply put, this combination is a game changer for Amcor’s financial profile, and provides self-help earnings growth opportunities at a time of increasing uncertainty in the macro environment. Moving to Slide 9, for a summary of our third quarter financial results. Overall volumes were in line with last year, with modest share gains offset by weaker consumer and customer demand. As Michael will cover in more detail, there were a number of puts and takes across our regions. Volume growth in the low-to-mid single-digit range, in each of Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America, was offset by weaker than anticipated consumer demand in our North American businesses, including North America beverage. Notwithstanding the increasingly dynamic consumer environment, Q3 saw continued growth across key financial metrics, with net sales of $3.3 billion and EBIT of $384 million, both marginally higher than last year. We also delivered another quarter of adjusted EPS growth, up 5% on a comparable basis, benefiting from a continued focus on cost, as well as improving healthcare volumes, which benefited price-mixed trends as anticipated. I’ll now turn the call over to Michael to cover the third quarter results and our updated outlook in more detail.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, PK, and hello, everyone. Beginning with the Flexible segment on Slide 10, volumes for the quarter were up 1% on last year. Modest share gains in several important categories, including healthcare and protein, were partly offset by weaker consumer demand, primarily in North America. Overall demand remained solid through the quarter in Europe, Asia and Latin America, with each region achieving low-to-mid single-digit volume growth. China and India continued to deliver mid-single -- mid-to-high single-digit growth and volumes were up across most countries in Latin America. As PK mentioned earlier, the demand environment in North America became more variable and uncertain as the quarter progressed. North American volumes were down low single digits, which was lower than we anticipated heading into the third quarter, including in snacks and confectionery and home and personal care categories. From an end-market perspective, we continue to see good growth in a number of our priority markets. Pet care, premium coffee and ready meals continue to grow strongly. And volumes in meat, dairy and liquids were uploaded mid-single-digit, benefiting in part from modest share gains. Healthcare volumes continued to improve sequentially. Medical volumes were up in the high single digits, and as expected, demand for pharmaceutical packaging improved significantly, as destocking is now essentially behind us. Strength in these categories more than offset volume declines in end markets, such as snacks and confectionery and home and personal care, which were both down low single digits. Improved healthcare volumes supported a return to favorable price mix, and overall, net sales were up 1% on a comparable constant currency basis. Adjusted EBIT of $358 million grew 2% on a comparable constant currency basis. Benefiting from the higher volumes and continued strong cost performance. An EBIT margin for the quarter remained strong at 13.7%, broadly in line with last year. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 11, the Rigid business had a more challenging quarter, as solar growth in Latin America and specialty containers was more than offset by weaker than anticipated consumer and customer demand in North American Beverages. Net sales were approximately 3% lower than last year, reflecting a 2% decline in overall volumes and an unfavorable impact from price mix of approximately 1%. Entering the quarter, we anticipated continued soft demand in North American Beverage. However, consumer and customer demand across our key categories weakened further, resulting in a high single-digit volume decline. Latin American volumes were up mid-single-digit, and growth was strong in several countries and regions, including Mexico and Central America. And volumes were higher in the specialty containers business with growth in healthcare end markets. From an earnings perspective, adjusted EBIT of $55 million for the quarter no longer includes any contribution from the Bericap Joint Venture, which was divested in December 2024. Bericap benefited Rigid Packaging segment earnings by approximately $5 million in the third quarter last year. Now, on a comparable basis, EBIT was unfavorably impacted by lower volumes and price mix headwinds. This was partly offset by favorable cost performance net of sequentially higher labor costs in the North American Beverage business. And it’s typical for manning capacity to increase in the March quarter as the business approaches the seasonally strongest June quarter. And this had an unfavorable impact on earnings for the quarter, given the lower anticipated volumes -- lower than anticipated volumes. Moving to cash flow and the balance sheet, on Slide 12, on a year-to-date basis, the business had a net cash outflow of $17 million, which is lower than we expected and compares with the cash inflow of $115 million last year. The key driver of this underperformance is higher inventories as a result of weaker sales volumes in the March quarter. In response, we have significantly increased our team’s focus on working capital performance, and we are prioritizing inventory reductions to a level that is more aligned with the expected demand. Leverage of 3.5 times was higher than we were anticipating due to stronger euro spot rates towards the end of the quarter, which negatively impacted leverage by 0.1 times, as well as higher quarter end net debt. We expect to exit fiscal 2025 with leverage at approximately 3.4 times inclusive of acquisition impacts and we remain confident in bringing leverage down to approximately 3 times by the end of fiscal 2026. This trajectory is aligned with expectations we set out when the merger was announced in November last year. Our teams did an excellent job completing the required refinancing of Berry Global debt prior to transactions closed and ahead of this current period of increased volatility in the financial markets. Finally, the company has returned $550 million in cash to shareholders through a growing dividend, and the Board of Directors today declared the March quarter dividend at $12.75 per share, which is 2% higher than the same quarter last year. This brings me to the outlook on Slide 13. As we look ahead into the fourth quarter, we are not anticipating any improvement in the overall demand environment, and we believe this is a particularly prudent approach given current macroeconomic conditions and uncertainty around tariff impacts on consumers and customers. As a result, we expect overall Q4 volume growth to remain muted and aligned with the March quarter. That said, with the successful early close of the merger, we have taken into account two months of Berry ownership, and we continue to expect earnings for fiscal 2025 within our original guidance range. Heading into the final quarter of the year, we are narrowing our outlook range for adjusted EPS to $0.72 per share to $0.74 per share on a recorded basis. This takes into account two months of earnings from the legacy Berry business, as well as additional shares issued upon close, which results in a net accretion of up to $0.01 per share. In terms of free cash flow, we expect a range of $900 million to $1 billion for the year, which also includes a contribution from the legacy Berry business. Importantly, as PK mentioned earlier, before we even consider assumptions around organic performance for fiscal 2026, we have clear visibility to significant EPS growth of approximately 12% through delivery of $260 million of synergies alone, which is not dependent on improving macroeconomic, customer or consumer demand. We’re excited about the opportunities ahead and confident in our ability to execute on the controllables and deliver significant value to shareholders in FY 2026 and beyond. So, with that, I’ll hand back to you, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, Michael. To sum up before taking questions, with an enhanced global footprint, expanded capabilities across consumer and healthcare packaging, and a clear roadmap to significant synergies over the next three years, Amcor is well-positioned to deliver value to our stakeholders despite an increasingly uncertain external environment. We are thrilled to welcome our new colleagues, customers and shareholders. This is day one of an even stronger future for Amcor and the best is yet to come. Operator, we’re now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ghansham Panjabi, Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you, Operator. Good day, everybody. Congrats on the merger close, first off. I guess on the progressive deceleration in North American volumes that you called out, maybe you can just share with us what customers are sharing with you as it relates to the sequential weakening. And the reason I ask is, volumes were already at a low point to begin with, given previous destocking, consumer affordability issues and all that stuff. So what got worse, do you think, and related to that, was Berry’s volume profile any different than what you reported? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. Thanks, Ghansham. Really good questions. And let me start with what we’re seeing in North America. First off, just to position that and put it into perspective, we went into the quarter with an expectation of low-to-mid single-digit volume growth across the Board. And we came out of the quarter seeing that we pretty much hit that expectation everywhere, except in North America. So that was the holdback. In North America, we have seen real weakness on the consumer demand, particularly hitting our North American Beverage business, which was down high single digits and therefore softer than what we had seen in the prior quarter, where it was down about mid-single-digit. And we’ve also seen some weakness in our North American Flexibles business, which was driven by categories that can be more discretionary. For example, beverage and confectionery. On confectionery, also keep in mind that we’re seeing a lot of inflation coming from the cocoa environment. While that was offset with some categories where we’ve seen growth in healthcare, meat, dairy and liquids, that was essentially the overall story for North America, weaker than what we expected. Just want to make one more comment. As you pointed that out, volumes have been low, and in the past quarters, certainly driven by destocking, which, however, reduced over time. The restocking is now behind us. What we’re seeing now is no longer an impact from destocking. What we’re seeing now is really soft consumer demand, which I’d say, really goes back to sticky inflation. We called that out in earlier calls. And then in the third quarter, or the first quarter of this calendar year, certainly the whole uncertainty around the tariff situation has had an impact.
Operator: Our next question is Anthony Pettinari, Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good afternoon. You pointed to the 20% synergy-driven EPS growth assumption for fiscal 2026, and I think you talked about that, take -- it’s before taking into account any organic performance in the underlying business. I guess a couple questions there. Is there an underlying assumption that organic growth is going to be positive in fiscal 2026 or are you not really making any assumptions at all? And maybe to ask the question another way, if we are in a much more challenging macro environment in fiscal 2026, can you talk about your ability or your confidence in achieving the synergies in a tougher macro environment?
Peter Konieczny: Okay, Anthony, I may want to start here, and then I’m sure that Michael is going to build. Before I get back to your question, let me just finish off the other question from Ghansham that I didn’t answer, and he actually asked a question about the Berry volume performance. Look, it’s a little early for me to be across all the details of the volume performance in the last quarter, because we just closed the acquisition right now, but from a higher level, we’re very excited about better growth performance on the Berry side, and I think the answer lies in mix with regards to customer exposure and category exposure. Keep in mind that North American Beverage is not a category that Berry operates in. So it’s mixed, Ghansham, and I just wanted to make sure that I covered that off. Now, Anthony, to your question, your question was sort of volume guidance for 2026 and what we’re assuming for 2024 and what we sort of believe the macroeconomic environment is like. Let me start there. We already in our prepared comments, we said that at this point in time, we’re really just guiding towards the end of this fiscal year, which includes Q4, and the way that we look at this is, that we would never make drastically different assumptions in terms of the macroeconomic environment on a very short period of time. So going from Q3 to Q4, you would always see us pretty much roll forward the macroeconomic environment that we operate in. So we’ve seen flat volume growth overall on the Amcor side. We’ve seen a bit of growth on the Berry side. We’re going to get two months of contribution from Berry in the fourth quarter and that will get you to a pretty much flat to slightly up volume performance expectation for the fourth quarter. That’s the way how we triangulate ourselves into the fourth quarter in terms of volumes. Now, with regards to 2026, I -- we’re not going to guide today for 2026. We typically do that in August, but what we’re pointing to here is that we have a lot of benefits from the combination with Berry, and we have an ability because we have been able to close the acquisition in record time to get our hands around and our arms around the synergy opportunities two months earlier than what we thought. And that will set us up really for a great opportunity to get out of the blocks for 2026 really fast. And we have a high level of confidence in the ability to generate the synergies in year one, which is fiscal 2026, and which amounts to $260 million. And just if you do the math, that creates an EPS uplift of 12%. I’ll stop there and see if Michael wants to add anything.
Michael Casamento: No. I think you covered it, PK. We feel really confident around the ability to deliver those synergies, and it’s not contingent on the macroeconomic environment or the consumer or customer demand. And in fact, for Amcor, we see that as a real advantage because we’ve got self-help in the form of those synergies. So out of the gates, as PK mentioned, we’ve closed earlier that we’ve got a good line of sight. The teams have been working on this synergy delivery by function. So we’ve got four functional teams set up across SG&A, procurement, operations and growth, dedicated teams working on that. And we’re going to hit the ground running and so from July 1, we’re really confident around the ability to deliver this.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Kang, CLSA.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, PK. Good morning, Mike. Just an extension on the synergies commentary. So $260 million in FY 2026, just wondering if you can categories the breakdown of that, particularly with regards to procurement. I’m just interested in how the preliminary discussions have gone with key raw material suppliers. Any color you can shed on that would be much appreciated? Thank you.
Michael Casamento: Yeah. I’ll start on that one, Daniel. Look, I mean, the $260 million synergies, we broke out, as we said, we’ve broken out the $650 million over three years, a portion from procurement, SG&A, operations and growth. In 2026, I mean, clearly out of the gates, your focus and ability to deliver is, first and foremost, comes from the G&A side. So that’s typically the first piece you get onto. Procurement will deliver as well and that will build through the first 12 months and into the second year. And then, the operations side typically takes a little longer because that’s footprint optimization. That said, we’ve already identified some areas where we’ve got overlap. So, again, teams have been working on that and we’ll hit the ground running, but they tend to take a little bit more just because you’ve got to move network around, et cetera. And then look on the growth synergies. Again, that’s something that typically takes a little longer, but again, a dedicated team on that. So we haven’t called out exactly, you know, the mix of the synergy, Daniel, but that kind of gives you a flavor that, SG&A typically comes first, procurement comes through and will build, and then you get into the operations and the growth.
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. And if I add to that, Daniel, I mean, we didn’t provide and we’re not intending to provide a detailed breakdown of the $260 million in the first year, but Michael gave you some quality here. It’s no question that procurement will be a major contributor. You asked how things are going so far in the conversations. Look, we may have had some touch points with suppliers, but the level of engagement around that question has been really on a high level. And that is understandable because we hadn’t even closed the acquisition yet. And the suppliers are not really interested to engage in that conversation unless there’s something real on the table. So we’ll go into that, I think a lot more from here on. That said, the teams have been doing all the work that you would expect them to do. We have clean teams set up that actually have been looking at details and all the work has really resulted in a point where we say we’re pretty confident with the ability to deliver.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Roberts, Raymond James.
Matt Roberts: Hey. Good afternoon. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the time and congratulations on the completion of the merger.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Roberts: PK, maybe on the portfolio premium that you did discuss, given that there’s weakness in industrial end markets or just broader uncertainty and demand in general in the M&A environment, how has your idea of timing around that pruning changed from when the merger was announced to now or when can we expect an incremental color on that portfolio review? Thanks for taking the question.
Peter Konieczny: No. That’s -- thanks, Matt. I was -- for a couple of calls, I’ve been very explicit that a little more dynamic portfolio management is an opportunity for the business, even more so now that we have combined ourselves with Berry. I have mentioned before that we have kicked that analysis off and what we’re doing there is just simply taking all of our activities and we’re assessing that against certain criteria and we’ve made some really good progress around it. Now, the first thing that I will say is, we will have to take a look at that assessment in the context of the new combined entity that we’re looking at. We have a significant synergy opportunity that we will capture. We have more capabilities at our hands. We can learn from each other in terms of best practices and that may have an impact on our assessment of the different businesses and their ability to compete and be successful in the areas where they operate. That’s the one thing. The second thing is, you mentioned also the current environment that we’re operating in. Now, the environment will not stop us on the initiative per se. So we’re going to move on and we’re going to get the assessment done. And if really what’s behind your question is a question on timing, when can we execute against that? That’s a really hard one to answer, I would say at this point. Things are changing by the day. And the only thing that I can really point to is that we’ll continue to be very disciplined around anything that we do on that end. That’s something that I can promise.
Operator: We’ll take the next question today from Jakob Cakarnis, Jarden Australia. Jakob, your line is open. Please check your mute button.
Jakob Cakarnis: Sorry, excuse me, guys. Hi, Peter. Hi, Michael. I was just going to focus on the procurement synergies, if I could, please. They’re 60% of the overall cost synergies that you guys are targeting. Michael and Peter, if I understood correctly, you were saying that that relied on a combined entity to have those discussions with the suppliers. So I guess if you could step us through for 2026, is the priority a harmonization of those supplier terms? And then as we turn our minds to 2027 and 2028 to hit those EPS accretion targets, is it more about drilling down into the terms of that procurement and potentially looking for some pricing benefits, given your new scale, please?
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. Jakob, I’ll have a go at this. I mean, the way it works, having been through these acquisitions of large scales a couple of times with Amcor, there’s a very general principle, which is get to the synergies fast or never. So I’m not sure that you pace yourself in the conversations with suppliers when you particularly look at procurement. You need to wait until you can represent the combined spend. That’s what I meant in my earlier answer. As long as the acquisition is not closed, you don’t really have a leg to stand on when you enter into the conversation. Now that that’s the case, we can enter into the conversations and have the discussions with our suppliers and that is what’s going to happen. And as we start those discussions, you know, it will be across everything. It will be across price. It will be across terms. It will be across a number of different things. And then we’ll try to make progress as quickly as possible against that. I think that’s the way I would want to answer that question.
Michael Casamento: And I think if I just add there, PK, to put it in perspective, if you remember, again, the total addressable spend for the combined entity is around $13 billion, of which $10 billion is raw materials. So when you put that into perspective, it’s kind of a 2.5% to 3% impact that we’re expecting from the procurement area for the synergy. So, that’s 1% a year. It’s something that’s absolutely achievable from where we sit.
Operator: George Staphos from Bank of America is up next.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks for the details. How are you? So my question is going to focus on growth, kind of tying together a lot of what’s already been sort of talked about. So can you, PK, tell us what in particular in the consumer environment, and certainly, there’s been the volatility with tariffs and so on, but how has that affected your customers’ outlook on demand when in reality they’re producing staples, confectionery items, protein, coffee? How is all the volatility in things that are much more discretionary kind of filtering back into what your customers are thinking about in terms of their outlook for growth? And you need to be, I’m sure, thinking about that because the growth or lack of it is an important variable in terms of your valuation over time. Relatedly to that, what your customers are saying, with the growth outlook decelerating, I recognize you’re only a few days into owning Berry, what would you say the probabilities are and what levers will you use to perhaps see whether those synergy targets are at least achievable, if not conservative at this juncture? You already mentioned that as a percentage of the overall spend, the procurement spend, the revenue of the company, which is over $20 billion, these are relatively small percentages. So how should we think about how you’ll be able to leverage, perhaps grow, that synergy target, especially with volume growth being relatively flaccid at the moment? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, George. There was a lot in that question. Let me try to bucket it up in two parts and I’ll invite Michael to come in to share his views too. The first one was, if I understood it correctly, a question of how our customers are performing in this environment and how the uncertainty sort of drives their growth performance. And that obviously is for us a major factor because our customers demand drive essentially our ability to sell. So we’re trying to be close to our customers in order to understand that. I think if I take a step back, the uncertainty that we have particularly seen in the last quarter in North America is really -- has really driven weakening consumer demand. That’s sort of the source of the issue. And when you go and try to understand the consumer, you will find the consumer change their behaviors in terms of seeking value and in terms of thinking very carefully about where to spend money. And what you typically see is that the consumers buy less where they have an opportunity to do so. And where you come to the essentials, they would buy different. They buy different in terms of trading down, buying bulk, going to different channels and all of that is what we’re seeing and what the customers are seeing. And from what I’ve seen and what I’ve heard from the customers, that is very much aligned with what our customers are actually seeing. Now, that’s the one thing that drives the customers. And everybody has uncertainty right now in forecasting demand scenarios. And there is a lot of volatility out there, which makes it really hard. And in some cases, we get volume forecasts from our customers which do not materialize. And we need to deal with that as part of the value chain like everybody else does. But that’s the situation that we’re seeing. That’s bucket number one. Let me stop there and see if I ask Michael if he wants to add anything to that. No? Okay. And then I get to the bucket number two, which was more about the question of, in this environment, how do we think about synergies and synergy outperformance particularly? Look, we have been very transparent around the amount of synergies that we expect, which is the $650 million over a period of three years. We have made some comments around how we face that across the years and we are now currently working on translating that. We have good pipelines in place for every single bucket of those synergies to go after them. And I would say, in some cases, the pipelines would suggest that we have more opportunities than what we were thinking about. But they would have to translate in the current environment. So I’m not comfortable of driving any different expectations than what we have announced. And I would also not lock myself into a breakdown by buckets for those synergies. But, overall, again, we sit here today and we’re pretty confident that we can get that done. The final point that I will make is, let’s not forget, this is a very volatile situation out there. We have created a situation in North America in a very short period of time by driving uncertainty around the whole tariff situation. And again, even that situation is very volatile. So we may sit here again in a couple of quarters and look at a different situation that presents itself for ourselves and that will drive a different view in terms of the operating environment. But all of that will not change our expectations on the synergies. It’s been a bit of a long-winded answer here, George. I’m sorry for that. But I hope I sort of addressed the underlying question that you had on your mind.
Operator: The next question will come from Brook Campbell-Crawford from Barrenjoey.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Just one on the North America beverage business. You’ve called that high single-digit decline in volume, I think, it was, in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. And I guess just looking through that, it seems to look like even for North America Beverage will be down sort of 20% or so year-over-year. So could you maybe just provide a comment if that’s a sensible assumption? And given that, is there any sort of structural issues going on in that business that need to be discussed at this point? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: Let me start with that, Brook and try to be more pointed on that question. I’ll start by just contextualizing the volume performance that we’ve seen, high single digits down. And I’d want to make clear that this is pretty much exactly aligned with what we see in the market. So the point of what I just said is, it’s not an issue of share or share loss. When you look at SCADA [ph] data in North America, you take a look at the categories or the subcategories that we participate in, and you keep in mind our customer exposure, you can pretty much triangulate yourself into the performance of volumes that we’ve seen in the quarter. So that’s the first thing. The second thing is, I’ll let Michael comment on how that translates into the bottomline. You also asked a question of, is there a structural element to that business? We’ve owned this business for a long period of time, and we have seen a number of cycles in the past. This is a long cycle and an extended cycle, but a lot of things are sort of happening around us and they have different drivers. We -- at this point in time, we are still not ready to call it structural, and it doesn’t take much volumes to come back and to improve the overall performance of the business. Michael, if you want to talk to the presentation.
Michael Casamento: Yeah. Just to follow up on that, yeah, in terms of the EBIT performance, Brook, I mean, the first thing that we have to take into account is that the prior year, EBIT includes the Bericap business, which we disposed in December 2024. So that was about a $5 million contribution to EBIT in the prior year. So obviously, we don’t have that in the current year. And then the Rigid overall performance was down about 12% on a comparable constant currency basis. And that was really driven by the volume decline, particularly in North American Beverage. And in addition to that, we have -- we did build some labor into the business in quarter three, and we would typically do that, build to Manning up ahead of the busy season in the June quarter to be able to manage the increased demand there. But obviously, we’ve put that in place, but with the softer than expected volume performance in the quarter, that did have an impact on the cost base of the business, which impacted the bottomline in the quarter. So that’s really what drove the 12% decline year-on-year. We would expect some improvement on that as we head into Q4.
Operator: Up next, we’ll take a question from John Purtell, Macquarie Group.
John Purtell: Oh! Good day, Peter and Michael. Hope you’re well.
Peter Konieczny: Hi, John.
John Purtell: Just a comment on or a question around sort of volumes within the quarter. Perhaps what you saw within the quarter and any comment you can make on April, which sort of goes to a broader question about your expectations for Q4 and some of the moving parts within that.
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. John, I sort of mentioned that before, but let me summaries it again. I guess the new part is that we have seen throughout the quarter the consumer demand weakening. I think that’s a fair comment. I’m not a big fan of discussing volume performance month-by-month. And I said that before. I don’t think that it helps a lot. But in this particular case, I think there is -- there was an element of weakening demand through the quarter. I will say again, a very much different portfolio between the different regions, a pretty solid demand in terms of our expectations of low-to-mid single digits everywhere else. But in North America, we’ve seen the weakening. Now, as I said before, the way how we go into the fourth quarter is very much aligned with what we’ve seen in the third quarter, respecting from an Amcor side overall flat volumes. And Berry came in with a bit of growth in the third quarter, which we were happy to see. We’ll see two months of contribution of Berry in the fourth quarter, assuming on the same principle, assuming that to sort of continue, you would get the fourth quarter for something -- to something that is that is flat to slightly growing.
Operator: The next question today is Mike Roxland, Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Yeah. Thank you, PK, Michael, Tracey, you’ve been taking my questions. And congrats on closing the deal and on all the progress.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, Mike.
Mike Roxland: Just I wanted to focus on synergies, not to be a dead horse here, but I wanted to just follow up with you regarding the procurement savings of $325 million. Now, both you and Berry are some of the largest purchasers globally of resins. I don’t believe there’s a direct overlap, maybe in some of the grades. I think you guys may be more heavier to PET, Berry may be heavier to polypropylene. There is some overlap on polyethylene. But so there’s, you’ll have direct overlap in some things. In addition, the resin producers themselves are under pressure. And I think they’d be somewhat reluctant to offer notable price concessions given the financial difficulties they’re encountering. So we just want to get your thoughts about how you intend to approach the procurement savings, particularly in a more challenging environment on resin. And then secondly, can you remind us about the vetting process you undertook regarding the cost synergies? How did you determine that these figures were the correct figures in terms of synergies themselves? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. Mike, I’ll start out and then maybe Michael wants to build. And I want to go back to a couple of those data points that we had discussed on prior calls. Michael already mentioned the combined spend of the companies is $13 billion, $10 billion of that relates to raw materials. If you hold that against the expected synergies, you get yourself into the range of something like 3% that we’re expecting over a three-year period. And that, of course, needs to go on top of what we typically produce in a year. But that’s not a tremendous expectation on the procurement synergy. So that’s just to contextualize. And we’ve said that before and that’s -- and we’re very consistent on that. The second thing that you said is it’s very complimentary. And there was a bit of overlap, but to a large extent, particularly on the resin side, it’s pretty complimentary. And that’s actually good because we see Berry, for example, being much stronger on the polypropylene side and Amcor is much stronger on the PET and PE side. And that sets us up for an opportunity to just harmonize terms with the larger buyer. And that was one of the levers that we have always been expecting and with all the work that we’ve done, we feel pretty confident that that’s an opportunity for us. So that’s the way how we approach that. And then maybe the final point is, how do we think about generating those synergies in a tougher environment? My expectation is if we are in a volume-muted environment, a large buyer has quite a bit of attractiveness to the supply base because we’re able to bring critical volumes in order to help load capacities, existing capacities. And the very final point that I will make is, we do have alternatives. We do have alternatives. And it’s not that we’re locked in one or two suppliers only. We do have alternatives and that’s what we need to leverage.
Michael Casamento: And Mike, if I just pick up on your second question, the second part of the question, which is around just a reminder of how we came about a synergy number and shored that up. I mean, we put a lot of work in behind the scenes on this on both sides, actually on the Berry and Amcor side. Obviously, we’ve both got a lot of experience in M&A. We used external consultants to help us benchmark what you should expect, the deal of this size and the various components relating to that. We’ve had the integration teams in place. So we stress tested that along the way. And I mean, typically you would see synergy delivery in these types of deals, somewhere around the 5% of sales would be the cost synergies. And that’s where we’ve ended up around. If you just take the cost synergies line of $530 million, you then got $60 million in growth and $60 million in financials. So we triangulated that from all different ways and broke it out by the various components. We felt really confident around the ability to deliver that number.
Operator: And your next question comes from Keith Chau, MST Financial.
Keith Chau: Oh! Hi, PK. Hi, Michael. So just back on the procurement synergies, I guess the point that, someone trying to get to on this call like us, is a 3% saving for Amcor over three years may not sound like a lot, but to some of these suppliers, their margins are -- EBIT margins are call it 10% to 15%. You’re talking about a 300%, I’m sorry, 300-basis-point haircut to their EBIT margin. So I guess the extent to which you can drive procurement synergies and maybe go to alternative suppliers if some don’t play ball. I just want to refer back to a letter or an email that was sent to your suppliers on the 16th of April, where you’ve asked them to meet in Chicago. First one is, it sounds like a bit more of a directive, rather than a partnership going forward. But I just want to understand how many suppliers have responded to that email or letter? How many do you expect or proportionately, what proportion of your suppliers do you expect to turn up to that meeting? And what are the consequences to those suppliers if they don’t play ball? And perhaps an extension to that is what proportion of your raw materials can you have alternate sourcing, given the size of the two combined businesses? And I’ll get the point that you’ve been involved in a lot of these large acquisitions, but this one is particularly big? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: No. Keith, I -- you’ve sort of said all the right things. This one is particularly big and I’ve been involved in some of the larger acquisitions. And that’s why I’m going to have to tell you, I can’t really get any further into that conversation. We have a playbook. And some of those conversations are obviously very sensitive with the suppliers. And we’re going to handle it in a very respectful manner. And we have a business interest to represent here and that’s what we’re going to do. So, I understand the question, but would understand also, and would ask for some understanding that this is really a level of detail that I don’t want to handle on this call.
Operator: We’ll move to Nathan Reilly, UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Thanks for taking my question. Look, we’ve been hearing a little bit more about the North American consumers sort of value seeking behaviors right now. So can you please talk to how your merged Flexible portfolio is positioned to respond to that shift in consumer behavior, just particularly in terms of any shift to private label, smaller portion sizes or anything else we should be thinking out on that shift in behavior, please?
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. Nathan, this is a good one. We see a couple of things that we can respond to. And the one that I want to carve out here is when you think about value seeking behavior and the direction of going potentially to non-branded product alternatives, that is something, like on the private label side, that’s certainly something that you could expect the consumers to do. We have a good participation in that category. In North America, we’re pretty much proportionally represented. And the reality is that the packaging formats that we’re actually selling, whether it’s branded or private label are very similar. They end up being very similar. So one of the things that we take away from that is, expanding our participation in those areas where consumers will turn to. And that is certainly something that we do. Again, North America, that is pretty well established. In other regions, we may have some opportunities here and there, and we would be driving that.
Operator: Next up is Samuel Seow, Citi.
Samuel Seow: Thanks, guys. I appreciate you asking the question. Just on North American Beverage, just wondering, is there any numbers you can give us around the net exposure of North American Beverage in the combined business? And going forward, when you think about pruning, is that just Berry businesses you’re looking at or is there some Amcor segments there as well? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: So if I go backwards, we’re definitely looking at pruning of the portfolio in the context of the combined company. So that’s a new Amcor going forward. It has nothing to do with carving out either legacy Berry or legacy Amcor. So that’s a clear answer on the second question. On the first one, I’m not sure I fully understood the question, but I just want to make very clear, the Containers and Closures business from berry has no participation in the North American Beverage category. That’s an Amcor question. Let me just see with Michael here if he heard the question differently.
Michael Casamento: Yeah. No. That’s right. I think the exposure on the beverage side for us is really the legacy Amcor business has $1.5 billion kind of revenue…
Samuel Seow: Okay.
Michael Casamento: … into the beverage space and Berry really is nothing. So that’s the exposure.
Operator: We’ll take the next question from Cameron McDonald, E&P.
Cameron McDonald: Good morning. Just wanted to touch on the below the line costs. So with the early integration of Berry, it looks like you’ve taken $26 million already below the line. What’s the expectation for that relative into the fourth quarter? And can we confirm then that that’s including that that is part of the $280 million. So that in FY 2026 and beyond that, whatever’s incurred in this quarter and the next quarter is a reduction to that $280 million in the following years.
Michael Casamento: I’ll just put some clarity on that. There’s a couple of things going on in that line. So firstly, there’s transaction costs and for a deal of this size, you’d expect the transaction cost kind of 1.5%, 2% of the enterprise value. So I’d call it $250 million to $300 million, part of which would end up in the Berry perimeter and the balance in Amcor. So what we’ve seen to-date below the line, I think there’s about $36 million in that year-to-date of which the $28 million, $30 million is actual transaction costs. So that’s things like legal fees, consultant fees, financing charges. So we’ve got more of that to come through and that’ll come through in the next couple of quarters. And then in addition to that, over the three-year period will be -- we’re going to have around $280 million of cash costs relating to the cost to achieve the synergies again, which we’ll call those out as we progress that over the term.
Operator: Next up, we’ll take a question from Arun Viswanathan, RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on closing the merger. I guess I had two questions. So first off, going back to the growth side, Berry, I think, struggled with low single-digit volume growth for the last few years. They did start to have some line of sight to that going forward, but it was somewhat elusive. So maybe you can just comment on if that’s something that you see that’s still within the crosshairs for the combined company. And then secondly, on the procurement side, I appreciate the math on the 2% to 3% reduction there and that does square with the synergy guidance. But it’s just a little bit surprising given that Berry was already such a large buyer of resin as you were as well. And so I think you mentioned that there are many other terms that you can kind of work through to achieve those synergies. So can you just confirm that it’s not just price, maybe long-term supply agreements or whatever else to get those? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. Let me work through that. And on the growth side, I would probably agree with the assessment of Berry’s growth profile, low single-digit growth. We have seen that. I would say that’s not much different from what Amcor has seen over longer periods of time. And we are going to have an opportunity as we combine the company to drive that into higher levels on a sustainable basis. The portfolio realignment and pruning will certainly help on that end. And we have a broader product portfolio that we can offer to customers at scale and globally. We have leverage opportunities in the products that we talked about. Think about the established base of Amcor in Latin America and Asia-Pacific and the Berry products that we can sell through the existing network. And I would say those are the most important levers that we see plus. And that’s the one that I was struggling with here, plus the innovation capabilities that we now have on a combined basis to drive functionality, but particularly also sustainability as we go forward, that will differentiate our product portfolio going forward. So those are the four big levers that I would see to get ourselves into a stronger growth trajectory going forward and we have made that a real priority for the company. So that’s the growth side. On the procurement side, look, I don’t know how much I can add to this, to be honest with you. I think the most important thing that we have is it’s a very complimentary buy and the party that has the bigger scale typically has the better terms. And that is something that we can roll out as we combine the two companies. So think in that direction because there’s real value there. Now, in terms of terms, yes, there is more than price and other things that you can look at. No question. And we will have to take a comprehensive approach and we’ll do all the things that you have at your fingertips to drive the conversation. And we’re not against long-term supplier relationships if that drives value, mutual value on both sides.
Operator: And everyone, that is all the time we have for questions today. This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now hand things back to PK for additional or closing remarks.
Peter Konieczny: Yeah. Thank you, Operator. Look, thanks for the interest to everybody here on the call. I just want to make a comment here in closing with the merger now completed. Amcor really is better positioned than ever to meet customer and consumer needs as the markets continue to evolve. We are really thrilled to welcome our new colleagues, customers and shareholders. And as far as I’m concerned, this is day one of an exciting and an incredibly strong future for Amcor and all our stakeholders. Thank you, Operator. Please close the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And once again, everyone, that does conclude today’s conference. We would like to thank you all for your participation today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2025-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Kate, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor Half-Year Results 2025. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, Kate, and thank you, everyone, for joining Amcor's fiscal '25 second quarter earnings call. Joining today is Peter Konieczny, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we'll discuss on this call. Please be aware that we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second and third slides in today's presentation list several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. Reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. [Operator Instructions] With that, over to you, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Tracey, and thank you to all who have joined us for today's call. Amcor had a very active second quarter, and we're progressing well on three clear priorities; one, deliver on the base business; two complete the work required to close the announced merger with Berry Global; and three, make sure we are well prepared for a fast start and integration. With the base business, we start as always with safety on Slide 4. I'm incredibly proud of the commitment our teams demonstrate to safety every day. The safety and well-being of our people will always be our top priority, and we're constantly looking for opportunities to improve. In fiscal '25 to date, we have continued to deliver outstanding results. We achieved an industry-leading total recordable incident rate of 0.30 and 79% of our sites remained injury free for more than a year. Our key messages for today are on Slide 5. Q2 results were in line with expectations we set in October, as we continued to execute and deliver across key financial metrics. We are pleased to report our fourth consecutive quarter of sequential volume improvement and a return to sales growth, albeit marginal. Margins also continued to improve, helping drive a 5% increase in both adjusted EBIT and EPS on a comparable basis. This solid performance, along with our confidence in the second half leaves us on track to deliver against our full-year guidance, which we are reaffirming again today. And finally, as we continue to execute well on the underlying business, we're also highly focused on the unique opportunity we have to accelerate growth and enhance margin -- enhance earnings and cash generation through the previously-announced combination with Berry. Turning to Slide 6, on our Q1 earnings call in October, I outlined my strategy for Amcor to deliver consistent, sustainable organic growth in the low to mid-single digit range through an unwavering focus on our customers, on sustainability and on our product -- on our portfolio mix. I also shared my future vision for Amcor to become the global packaging partner of choice. The merger with Berry is directly aligned with this strategy and moves us further towards our vision. Slide 7 highlights the compelling rationale behind this combination. One of the most powerful and transformational long-term benefits of this merger is the opportunity to drive stronger, more consistent and sustainable volume-driven organic growth and to further improve margins. There are a number of growth unlocks that will become available, with two of the most significant shown on this slide. First, the combined company will be a better business with a broader primary packaging portfolio at scale across consumer goods and healthcare end markets. In the context of a stronger, larger scale company, Amcor will be uniquely positioned to further refine and prune our portfolio mix to focus even more on attractive higher value, faster growing end markets. This journey is already underway with Berry's recent divestitures of its HHNF and Tapes businesses, which have significantly enhanced their product mix while reducing cyclicality. As a result of further pruning, we will increase average growth rates, margins and cash generation across the remaining portfolio. Second, this combination creates exceptional capability in material science and innovation. We will drive growth through innovation and more sustainable packaging solutions by effectively and efficiently leveraging our combined resources. Bringing together more than 1,500 R&D professionals and annual R&D investment of $180 million will allow us to optimize and redirect R&D spend, providing capacity to focus on solving the most complex functionality and sustainability challenges faced by our customers and consumers. Accelerated growth combined with significant synergies means this combination will drive compelling near and long-term value for all shareholders. Moving to Slide 8, you've seen this slide before, but let me recap a few of the drivers behind the significant and sustainable financial value we're creating. We continue to pressure test our assumptions and are confident in the $650 million in total cost growth and financial synergies we've identified and will deliver. We expect to realize 40% or $260 million of total synergies in the first year and the full run rate in year three with an additional $280 million of one-time cash benefits from working capital improvements, which will fund cash costs to achieve synergies. Including synergies, this combination is expected to deliver significant cash EPS accretion of over 35% and annual cash flow in excess of $3 billion. This will allow us to maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet and deploy additional cash to invest in organic growth and M&A. We expect to increase long-term EPS growth and take the outcomes under our value -- shareholder value creation model to a new and higher level. Turning to Slide 9 and an update on the steps we have taken towards closing, we're moving very quickly from a process perspective to complete the work required to bring the merger to close. On January '23, we filed the definitive joint proxy statement prospectus with the SEC and shareholder meetings are scheduled to take place on February '25. Initial materials required to secure regulatory approvals across nearly all required jurisdictions have been submitted, and the first approvals have been received. The composition of the Board of Directors has been finalized, and our path to completion is well advanced. From an integration preparedness perspective, we're also well positioned. We are focused on building our teams, filling key roles, ensuring we will make a fast start upon close with clearly defined plans for the first 100 days, in line with our proven integration playbook. We have a strong track record of successfully executing on large transactions and our teams have significant experience in integrating sizable businesses. Moving to Slide 10 for a summary of our financial results, as noted earlier, delivering on the base business is a top priority, and we continue to execute well with second quarter results in line with the expectations we outlined in October. Our differentiated value proposition resonates with customers, supporting a return to overall sales growth in Q2, as net sales of $3.2 billion were slightly ahead of last year. Overall volumes grew by 2.3%, improving on the first quarter and offsetting an unfavorable impact of price mix. This was the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in volumes. As expected, destocking continued in healthcare and demand remained soft in the North American Beverage business, impacting mix and unfavorably impacting overall volumes by more than 1%. Across the balance of the business, overall volume growth was consistent, with the first quarter up approximately 4%. Improving volume trends and continued proactive cost and productivity actions more than offset unfavorable price mix headwinds, leading to another quarter of solid earnings growth. Adjusted EBIT increased by 5% compared with last year and adjusted EBIT margin expanded by year-over-year by 40 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share of $16.1 also grew by 5% on a comparable basis and cash generation was above the prior year, positioning us to reaffirm our fiscal-year guidance. I'll now turn the call over to Michael to cover the results and outlook in more detail.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, PK, and hello, everyone. Beginning with the Flexibles segment on Slide 11 and focusing on our fiscal Q2 performance, Q2 volumes were up 3% compared with last year, reflecting ongoing solid growth across all key geographies and a number of important end markets. Net sales also returned to growth, increasing by 1% on a comparable constant currency basis and higher volumes more than offset unfavorable price mix of approximately 2%, primarily related to lower healthcare volumes. As expected and discussed in prior earnings calls, we continued to see destocking in the healthcare in North America and Europe pharmaceuticals, which resulted in a headwind of approximately 1% to overall segment volumes. Compared to the fiscal first quarter, destocking abated and the related price mix headwind improved. And exiting the second quarter, we believe healthcare destocking is now largely behind us. Across the balance of our Flexibles portfolio, volumes were up 4%, reflecting solid demand across regions and in many product categories. In North America and Europe, second quarter demand remained solid, with volumes increasing mid-single digits in both regions, despite the negative impact of healthcare destocking. Topline growth was strong across the Asian region, reflecting price/mix benefits and mid-single digit volume growth, supported by strong demand in China and across Southeast Asia. In Latin America, volumes were broadly in line with last year's second quarter, with good growth in Colombia and Peru offset by demand in Argentina. From a product category standpoint, ready meals and premium coffee showed strong growth and dairy, meat, liquids and pet care were up low to mid-single digits. In healthcare, medical returned to growth. However, pharma volumes continued to be down low double digits compared with last year as a result of destocking, which as I mentioned earlier, is now largely behind us. Good earnings leverage continued, and adjusted EBIT for the quarter of $322 million grew by 4% on a comparable constant currency basis. Higher volumes combined with strong cost performance and the benefits from restructuring led to another quarter of margin expansion, with adjusted EBIT margins up 20 basis points to 12.8%. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 12, the Rigid business continues to advance its performance and the trajectory of overall segment volumes improved for the fourth consecutive quarter. Net sales were approximately 1% lower than last year, reflecting an unfavorable impact from price mix of approximately 2%, partly offset by a return to volume growth, with overall volumes up approximately 1%. As expected, customer and consumer demand in the North American beverage business remained soft and variable through the quarter. While beverage volumes were down mid-single digits, this marks an improvement on the first quarter of approximately four percentage points. Latin America volumes were down single digits versus last year, reflecting weaker customer demand in Argentina and Colombia, which was partly offset by growth in other countries, including Brazil. The Specialty Containers business delivered strong growth in spirits, wine and beer, with volumes down in healthcare due to destocking and volumes in our -- in the closures business were higher than last year. From an earnings perspective, the business executed well in another quarter of growth and margin expansion, reflecting benefits from an ongoing focus on cost and productivity measures. Adjusted EBIT of $53 million was up 10% on a comparable constant currency basis, with EBIT margin increasing by 70 basis points to 7.3%. Finally, in late December, we completed the sale of our 50% interest in Bericap North America closures business, which we announced back in October. Proceeds of $122 million were used to reduce debt, demonstrating our commitment to disciplined capital allocation, which takes us to the cash flow on the balance sheet on Slide 13. On a year-to-date basis, the business generated a net cash outflow of $38 million, which includes an inflow of more than $350 million in cash flow in the second quarter, approximately $80 million better than last year's second quarter, largely on the back of improvements in working capital. Stronger quarterly cash flow and receipt of proceeds from the Bericap sale led to a reduction in net debt of approximately $375 million compared with last quarter. Leverage also improved sequentially coming in at 3.3 times, which is in line with the expectations we provided on our October call. We expect leverage to further reduce through the second half of the fiscal year, and we remain confident in meeting our expectation to exit fiscal 2025 with leverage at three times or lower. Through the first six months of fiscal 2025, we returned approximately $365 million in cash to shareholders through our quarterly dividend. This brings me to the outlook on Slide 14. And as PK mentioned earlier, based on our solid first-half performance and our confidence in the second half, we remain on track to deliver for the full year and we are again reaffirming our guidance. For fiscal '25, we continue to expect adjusted earnings to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.76 per share on a reported basis, representing comparable constant currency growth of 3% to 8%. We continue to expect to deliver strong growth in the underlying business for the year, as earnings momentum continues to build. And as we've pointed out previously, it's important to remember that the guidance assumes an EPS headwind of up to 4% related to more normalized levels of incentive compensation based on our expectations for improved annual financial results. Excluding this incentive normalization, we expect growth from the underlying business in the mid-single to low double digit range. We continue to assume overall volumes will increase in the low to mid-single digit range for the year, with trading performance through January in line with this expectation. We have updated our interest guidance to between $290 million and $300 million, bringing the midpoint modestly lower to reflect the benefit in the second half related to the Bericap proceeds being used to reduce debt. And as a reminder, the overall impact of the Bericap sale on EPS for the year is relatively neutral, taking into account the loss of annualized EBIT of approximately $19 million and the benefit of lower interest. Our effective tax rate range remains unchanged at 19% to 20%. In terms of phasing through fiscal '25, we expect this will be aligned with historical average, with the second half generating 55% to 58% of EPS based on our guidance range and the fourth quarter being the strongest of the year and typically 30% or more of full-year EPS. And finally, we're affirming our expectations to generate strong adjusted free cash flow in the range of $900 million to $1 billion for the year, supporting our confidence in exiting the year with leverage back at three times or lower, as I noted earlier. We are pleased with our continued execution across the underlying business, and we are confident in our outlook for the year. And we're excited about the additional opportunities we have to accelerate future growth through our combination with Berry. So with that, I'll hand it back to PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, Michael. A few closing remarks to summarize ahead of taking questions. We're executing well on the underlying business and are confident of our merger with Berry is a winning combination for all stakeholders. The path to completion is clear, with meaningful milestones already behind us. We remain highly focused on next steps to ensure we are setting the organization up for success, and we remain on track and confident the transaction will close around the middle of calendar year 2025. Kate, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Peter Konieczny: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, you talked about potential divestitures to, you know, strengthen the business. And I'm just wondering, do you expect that those could be impactful at all to synergy targets or timeline? And then, you know, as the divestiture opportunity, do you think it's larger than maybe you had expected, you know, late last year when you announced the deal or if there's any kind of color you can give us in terms of whether, you know, these are more likely Berry assets, Amcor assets or just any additional color you can give?
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. Look, I think you're talking about the portfolio pruning activities that I mentioned on a couple of calls earlier and also in the context of the Berry combination. For me -- for us, this is one of the additional levers that we can pull in order to orient the business towards a stronger, faster growing business organically and a business that is more attractive in terms of a higher and better margin quality. Now, with the combination with Berry, we have sort of embarked on a work stream that essentially puts the whole portfolio on the table. And we have started the conversations around that. So, we're on it and we're pretty much looking at everything. And as I've said before, the criteria are -- there are multiple criteria that would be -- that we would apply to this analysis, but two of them are stronger intrinsic organic growth and then margin quality would be the two outstandings. It's a little early for us to say, you know, where we land and what we're going to do. I think we need a little more time in order to come to a conclusion on it. But, you know, that is the key consideration here. I'm not sure it will have an impact on accelerating synergies and that's where you were coming from. I think it's really just about organic growth and making the business more attractive in terms of margin quality.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau with MST Marquee. Please go ahead.
Keith Chau: Hi, PK and Michael, thanks for taking my question. So, I just want to go back to a point around underlying demand. I think in the last quarter, there's, you know, much discussion or even over the last year about, you know, volume growth returning as destocking ends. So, it certainly seems as though that has happened. But in the last quarter, you talked about underlying consumer demand still being fairly tepid and seemingly in the second quarter, that hasn't changed too much. So, I'm just wondering if you can update our views in that respect, whether there has been any restocking in the period. And to what extent do you believe price mix will improve in the Flexibles division in the third quarter and fourth quarter? Is that going to be a positive outcome as that destocking in healthcare has ended? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Keith, there's a couple of questions there. Let me try to sort them. So, first of all, when we look at our volume expectations, and the second quarter of this fiscal year wasn't an exemption, we did not really expect consumer demand to strengthen a lot. We always talk about the consumer demand sort of in the range of being flat to slightly down. And that is essentially what we've seen. Now, when we look at scanner data and we look at other, you know, reporting from customers, we triangulate all that, I think we get to the conclusion of the consumer having modestly softened in the second quarter versus the first one. And that's just the way it is and we've seen that too. On the other hand, you know, when I take a step back and look at our volume performance, I think it's important to calibrate against that environment. And we're actually pretty happy with the volume performance in the second quarter. Let me just highlight a few things here. We are up in the second quarter versus the first quarter and sequentially, we've almost seen a point of growth between Q1 and Q2. Flexibles is up 3%. Rigids is up overall 1%. When you look at the overall business, it was the fourth consecutive quarter of volume improvements or the third consecutive quarter of volume growth that we've seen. And then also, to your question on price mix or particularly mix, you know, we are sitting in a spot where we believe that the healthcare destocking is pretty much behind us at this point. We've seen some abating destocking in the pharma subcategory in the last quarter in Q2. Maybe there is a bit of lingering destocking that sort of carries forward into Q3, but for all intents and purposes, I believe that we can talk about calendar '25 as a year which is going to be cleaner from a destocking perspective. And then, the final point that I want to make is, you know, the -- or let me just say something else here on the point, the mix. As healthcare is improving -- I just want to make that point really clearly, as healthcare is improving, we are going to see an improved mix exposure in the back half. We're also pretty confident that healthcare will overall return back to growth. So, that's on your mix question. And then coming back to the final point that I was going to make on the point of restocking, we never really felt that restocking would be a trend in the industry. What we have seen in the past was, you know, our customers across the different categories have built inventory in response to the supply chain shocks that we've seen in the past. And after the supply chains sort of stabilized, there was an overall trend to fixing the inventory levels maybe even further, you know, because of the higher interest cost and the carrying value of inventory. That's driven it down to a new normal. What we see from here on are just seasonal inventory impacts, but nothing that sort of relates back to a structured destocking initiative.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks so much. Hi, everyone. Good morning and good afternoon. A question on the momentum within Flexible Packaging. Can you talk to the degree to which incentives and/or FX might have impacted what otherwise would have been the EBIT conversion in Flexibles relative to the volume growth and whether EBIT itself in Flexibles was in line with your forecast? And as you're taking 2Q into 3Q, what kind of exit rate are you seeing on volume and conversion within Flexibles and the categories you serve? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Well, I can speak to the latter part of that question with regards to volumes and then maybe Michael sort of addresses some of the financial components. You know, from a volume perspective, we're looking -- and that's across the business, we're looking at a first half that pretty much left us within our guidance range on volumes from low to mid-single digits. And that's -- therefore, overall, that's pretty much exactly where we expect it to be. And as we exit the second quarter into the back half, I have no reasons to expect anything else for the back half. So, we're sitting here today and we're saying -- we're confirming the volume guidance of low to mid-single digit for the full year and that's across the categories that we see, so Flexibles and Rigids.
Michael Casamento: Yes. And I think if we just talk about the profit performance of the business, I mean we were pleased with where it ended in the quarter. It was in line with expectations. We continue to see good leverage through the P&L from that volume improvement to the EBIT improvement. And, you know, the -- as we said earlier, we're still trailing a bit of negative mix, particularly on the healthcare side of things. So, you know, that will certainly improve. And I think from a cost standpoint as well, you know, the business has continued to focus on, you know, that margin quality, but also the cost-out. I guess one factor though is that clearly in the prior quarter -- in the prior year, you know, we had a really strong cost-out focus, particularly as we could see the impact of destocking pretty significantly earlier on in the quarter and we took a lot of effort to really manage that cost and limit the impact of that volume. I mean, this year clearly, you know, we continue to focus on cost, but we are lapping a much more difficult comp. And, you know, that means we have put a little bit of labor back into the business. I'm still getting that cost out, but have put labor back in just to ensure we don't miss any demand at all. So, you know, we are pleased with where the business ended up. You know, from an FX or incentive point, there's not really anything to speak to there. It wasn't a material impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, everyone. So I understand that an integration planning event was recently held where both Amcor and Berry's staff joined to form global work streams. Can you just shed some color on the event? I'm interested in whether the leadership team managed to walk away with greater confidence and perhaps greater granularity on the target synergies. Any comments that you can share, particularly on the key line items of procurement, G&A and operational would be helpful. Thanks, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, Daniel. Look, first of all, it's all accurate what you said. We are -- according to the three priorities, you know, we are also focusing on preparing the integration and we're expanding sort of our initiatives across a broader base of colleagues of two businesses in order to get ourselves ready to get out of the blocks fast once the acquisition closes. Now, what we're currently doing is we're essentially organizing ourselves. You know, the -- we're still -- it's still business as usual. We're still two different businesses. So, we can't address the integration. We can't start doing that, we can just plan it. But one of the things that we do according to our playbook that we have within Amcor, and Berry likewise has a lot of experience in integrating businesses, is we're setting ourselves up with an integration management office and underneath that, we're organizing ourselves with teams that will address the different work streams that will bring the two cultures together, but then also are focused on generating the synergies and -- so that we're able to deliver and outperform against that as the two companies come together. Now, to the extent we have an opportunity to look further into, you know, the estimates that we've made at the time, we do actually gain confidence in the synergy bucket that we put into the market of the $650 million, most of which is cost related and breaks down on the cost side, if I put the financial synergy opportunities aside, between procurement SG&A and then operations. So, overall comment is we're gaining more confidence in the numbers that we've put out there and that also applies for procurement, which is the biggest single item with $325 million. I just want to say, you know, just to dimensionalize the number, which sounds -- comes across as a big number, we have a spend between the two combined companies of about $13 billion. And if you look at the raw material side, that's about $10 billion. And if you sort of look at the procurement, you know, opportunities against that spend, we're sort of sitting around 3% of synergy capture, which we think is well aligned. So, very confident in the synergies at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead.
Matthew Krueger: Hi, good morning and afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for. You know, just wanted to follow up on the raw materials front. Can you provide some added details and an update around what you're seeing in the raw material and other input cost basket across your business, maybe give us an updated outlook for the year? And, you know, any thoughts on if or how this latest round of tariffs impacts your cost base or maybe even how you're going to conduct your business. Any details there would be great. Thanks.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I can help with that, it's Michael here. Look, from a raw material standpoint, the first half was really pretty benign. You know, if you look at our numbers in the topline, in the revenue line, actually the raw material number for the first half was flat. So, you know, that tells you that the input costs overall were pretty flat for the first half. Q2, you know, again was a similar trend to, you know, Q1. There was a little bit of pass-through in Q2, but less than 1% in the topline and no impact in the earnings. And remember, we've got a broad base of goods across geographies, so they can move up and down at different rates. But generally, what we saw overall was the basket was pretty flat, perhaps down slightly, you know. And that included resins and liquids that were down in perhaps the low single digit range and then there were some offsets with things like aluminum, which were up what -- which were up in the mid-single digit range. You know, as we then -- so pretty benign. If we look forward, you know, into Q3, it's about as far as we look out, you know, I think with any confidence, I would say that it's probably a pretty similar view. Asia, Europe looking flat, perhaps in North America, you know, some slight increases, but overall, we'd expect the environment to be relatively benign in Q3. And after that, we'll see what happens. You know, from a tariff standpoint, you know, I think our business is very regional, you know, and in North America, particularly the level of imported goods is really very low, and typically, in, you know, specialty products that we can't get in this region. So, you know, from a tariff standpoint, you know, that would be factored into the cost and then passed through. So, we don't really see a lot of impact on our business just because of the regional or local nature from any tariffs impacting the cost base.
Peter Konieczny: And I may add to that. On the tariff side, you know, the -- first of all, everything that Michael said is very true. We're a very regional business. And if anything, we've become more regional given the experience from the past. Prolonged supply chains have essentially sort of created risk on the service levels to your customers. So, we have even tried to shorten supply chains over the past. And in terms of the ability to pass through tariffs, when you think about it, you know, in some cases, we even have agreements with customers that would be based on indices that would allow us to pass on these additional costs. So I think we're in a spot where because we're regional, because we have some pass-through opportunities, we feel we are not immune, but somewhat robust against the tariffs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jakob Cakarnis with Jarden. Please go ahead.
Jakob Cakarnis: Hi, Peter. Hi, Michael. I just wanted to ask just about the trajectory in the Health business. So, obviously, some improvement there. It sounds like it's pharma that's still dragging on volumes. Just wondering, as we move through the balance of the year, should the Berry merger complete, what's the exposure like to healthcare overall post-merger? And do you think that the momentum that you're seeing gives you further confidence that you can drive that organic sales growth in the combined entity as you plan to, please?
Peter Konieczny: Yes, well, thanks for that question because I'm a big healthcare fan. So, I can take a step back and maybe help you, sort of how we look at that. First of all, I believe that healthcare is a category that's a real gem in our portfolio. And we've always said that, from an Amcor perspective we're excited about the combination with Berry also because we can only strengthen -- we can strengthen that business. Overall, when we combine the business, we're looking at about a $3 billion combined business in healthcare with really attractive exposures, which is also very complementary. On the Berry side, think about like multi-component delivery devices, for example, inhalers that are being brought to market and that is something that on the Amcor side we have -- we do not have in our portfolio. So, first of all, you know, we believe that healthcare is a gem while it has been sort of challenged over the last couple of quarters because of pretty much significant destocking. You asked about the destocking. We were essentially convinced that all of our categories have come to an end with the destocking by the beginning of calendar '24. The one that was left over really was healthcare because the destocking trend has started later and therefore lasted longer. As we then look at the first and the second quarter of this fiscal year, we've seen definitely some destocking in the first quarter where the subcategory of medical had already returned to some growth, albeit small, but in pharma, we were pretty much challenged still with the destocking. We have seen in the second quarter medical further improve and strengthen. On the pharma side, we've seen destocking abate. And again, we would now be in a spot where we'd say to keep things simple, that destocking in healthcare is also over. Now realistically, there's probably going to be some lingering destocking that carries over in the third quarter. I think I said that earlier today on a call -- on this call, but for the -- in the grand scheme of things, again, I think destocking is completely over. With that said, healthcare will return back to growth and we will get back to the historical growth rates, 3%, 4% of healthcare over time. That will also take away the mix impact that we have in the translation to the bottom line, and overall, pretty excited with that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Roxland: Thank you, PK, Michael, Tracey, Damon for taking my questions. You know, as you're proceeding through the due-diligence process with Berry, is there anything that stands out that you weren't expecting, upside, downside? My sense is that, you know, obviously some of the synergies do have some upside, given your comments, PK earlier. And then, secondly, just, you know, given that growth -- overall volume growth is slowly improving in the base Amcor business, is there anything you're doing maybe from a cost vantage point to help drive better profitability? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Mike. So, I've just got to think about the first question. There were two questions here. Can you guys help me, what was the first one?
Tracey Whitehead: Anything that stands out in the due diligence...
Peter Konieczny: Yes, thank you. So, due diligence, look, I would say, there are no surprises on our side, as we moved from announcing the deal a couple of months ago to where we're at today. But you've got to remember, it's business as usual at this point in time, right. So, you know, the data that we have available to look at is pretty much -- to a large extent really just the data that we had and that will significantly change only as we come to closing, which we expect to be in the middle of this calendar year, which has not changed versus what we've done before. So, you know, that's the answer to the first part of your question, is there anything positive or negative. We're pretty much in a spot where everything is as expected. And from a synergy perspective, you also mentioned that. And I think, yes, you know, we are becoming more confident in the synergies. So, that is that is all positive. Now, the second part of the question. I should have -- yes, Michael, do you want to take that?
Michael Casamento: Yes, I can take that one, PK, sure. No, thanks for that part of the question, Mike. Yes, look, on the cost side, we continue to focus on, you know, driving efficiency in our operations and our plants, managing the labor pool, you know, and flexing that to the volume as needed. We continue to look at, you know, the shift patterns and managing over time. And we've also still got some residual benefits to come through from the restructuring programs that we had in place as -- that we called out a couple of years ago in relation to offsetting some of those disposed earnings from Russia. So, you know, in the first half, you know, we've probably picked up about $7 million benefit there and we've probably got another $7 million or so to come in the second half. So, you know, overall, you know, it's a really strong cost focus and, you know, both operationally and still some benefits to come from the restructuring. So, you know, that's all -- and that's all factored into our guidance that we reaffirmed for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
John Purtell: Hi, good day, Peter and Michael. Hope you're well. Look, just coming back to Berry, obviously -- and thanks for the comments there on healthcare, Peter. But obviously, Berry globalizes your Rigids business. I mean, what do you see as the sort of key benefits of that? And, you know, if you can also please touch on the growth outlook for closures and dispensing systems, and what that potentially gives you. Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, John. So, on the Rigids business, you said it globalizes our Rigids business. Let me be a little more specific about that and pull that apart, because I think it's really important. First of all, in terms of Quantum, our Rigids business, we summarize under the roof of rigid packaging, which is about a $3 billion business. And the Berry business has a containers and closures business, which is about a $7 billion business. Hence, the combination will get us to a really scaled player and multi-regions, and that's different from what we have today. Now, the key difference though is that we play only partly in the incomparable, call it, sub-segments. When I dissect our rigid packaging business, it -- I would split it generally between the North American beverage business, which we discuss quite often because it's a scale business, it's in beverage side. It sits in North America and it serves categories like isotonics, ready-to-drink tea, where we have some underlying challenges right now because it's a more discretionary category, as we've discussed many times. That's a scale, volume-driven business where we're very well positioned in North America on the Amcor side. The other part of that business is around specialty containers. That's a different business. It's also a scale business, but not as big as the North American beverage business, which serves a number of different categories and makes containers for those categories across the board. Now, the Berry side of the containers business is much more comparable to the specialty containers business of Amcor. That's where the complementarity comes in. In fact, Berry doesn't do anything on the North American beverage business. They don't have exposure to that type of a segment. So, we believe that is very positive for us because we were, you know, very interested in scaling up the specialty containers business, as we call it, which is very much aligned with the Berry business. And again, on the Berry side, we have really good high value products. When you think about it, it is the containers business of Berry that actually brings along the healthcare exposure. And I talked about that earlier. Here, we see the multi-component, more complex delivery systems on the healthcare side and there's other parts of the business that we likewise are attracted to. When you then go to the closure side of Berry, which is in addition to our business, particularly after we've divested our joint venture stake in the Bericap joint venture, then you will find a nice exposure to dispensing systems and pumps that we likewise are very attracted to. So, you know, it is very complementary and it's not in the North American beverage space. And therefore, we are pretty excited about the combination. Now, you also asked us for our growth assumptions in the case of closures and dispensing systems. You know, I think it's a little too early for me to give you like a concrete answer to that, that you can hold me to as we go forward. So, I'll ask for a little more time for me to go back to that and confirm that on a later call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau with MST Marquee. Please go ahead.
Keith Chau: Thanks so much for taking my follow-up question. Michael, just one for you. The last result, I think you guided to first half, second half split of 45, 55, which I think, based on what's been achieved in the first half, that split implies the bottom of the guidance range. So, I'm sorry to ask you a mathematical question, you know, but the top end does imply -- sorry, the midpoint does imply a slightly greater skew to the second half. So, given the top half now represents something more like 42%, 58%, how are you thinking about that split going into the full year, given what's happened in the first half or what's been achieved in the first half? Thank you.
Michael Casamento: Yes, okay. Look, I think as I said in my comments, I mean we are basing the phasing on the historical average is what we're expecting, you know, and that's a range, right. I think when I talked Q1 last time around, I was approximately, you know, 45% to 55%, but it can vary on the margin. I think, you know, as we've exited the first half, you know, it was right in line with our expectations, you know, and volumes in that low single digit range, the margins were, you know, continuing to expand and we saw the EPS, you know, growing at 5%. As we've kind of exited that, we look into January and then looked at the outlook, we feel really confident in the second half, which is why we've reaffirmed our guidance today and, you know, that as PK said, that implies that the second half low single digit to mid-single digit volume growth. You know, that's going to be a key driver obviously of the outcome of the year. And I think, you know, in terms of the range we've given you, the importance of the range, the volume particularly, as we get into the higher seasonal -- seasonality of the business, particularly in Q4, I mean we don't need a lot of volume improvement to really see strong leverage through the P&L, particularly in Q4 where the cost base is well covered off. That's the biggest quarter of the year, typically above 30% of earnings. And, you know, the other thing to take into account as well is clearly, we're expecting the mix improvement in the second half as a result of the healthcare business returning to growth and lapping that peak period of destocking last year. So, you know, from here, we said -- we've reaffirmed guidance. We feel pretty confident in that, and, you know, we'll update you in May as we work our way through the year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Peter for closing remarks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, thank you, Kate. Look, you know, given the overall environment, we feel pretty confident and we feel pretty good about the quarter that we've delivered, and I hope that came across. And so, again, we believe it's been a good quarter. The volume growth improved. We're pretty confident in the second half and we've reaffirmed guidance on the back of that. Thank you very much for your questions and your time. And I look forward or we look forward to having the opportunity to meet some of you at the upcoming conferences. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you, and have a great day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-10-31 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Amcor First Quarter 2025 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tracey Whitehead: Thanks, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining Amcor's fiscal 2025 first quarter earnings call. Joining today is Peter Konieczny, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Let me note a few items before I hand over. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which will be discussed on this call. Please be aware that we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. Reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and then rejoin the queue if you have any additional questions or follow-ups. Over to you, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Tracey, and thank you to all who have joined us for today's call. I'm pleased to report that our business continues to build on the momentum we've delivered since the beginning of the calendar year with another quarter of solid financial performance to kick off fiscal 2025. Our results are aligned with the expectations we set out in August and give us the confidence to reaffirm our guidance today. We start, as always, with safety on Slide 3. The safety and well-being of our people is a value deeply embedded in Amcor's culture, and I'm incredibly proud of our collective commitment to safety. We continue to achieve industry-leading performance with another 13% reduction in injuries compared to the same quarter last year and 73% of our sites remaining injury-free for more than a year. Before we turn to the first quarter, I'd like to take a few minutes to talk about the strategic actions we are taking to evolve into an even stronger company. Amcor is an outstanding company with a strong values-based culture, highly talented people and significant growth potential. We have a strategy that remains relevant to our business and does not require a revolutionary change. I begin my tenure as CEO with a good understanding of where Amcor is today and with a strong and clear vision of where Amcor will be in the future. I just covered what will always be our number one priority, safety. Our commitment here will never change and the health and safety of our team members comes before anything else. The unrelenting focus we have to safety has been rewarded with industry-leading metrics and performance, as I just shared, which is an excellent example of what Amcor can achieve when we are focused and aligned on our priorities. Second only to safety is the customer, as seen on Slide 4. I believe we have an excellent opportunity to become an even stronger company by accelerating our volume-driven organic growth through an unwavering focus on our customers on sustainability and on our portfolio. With our customers, we have two clear immediate opportunities. The first touches on our culture, talent and organization. We will instill a stronger growth-oriented and customer-first mindset across Amcor. One of the first changes I made as CEO was appointing Fred Stephan, previously President, Flexibles North America to the newly created Chief Operating Officer role. One of Fred's most important responsibilities is to ensure we fully leverage our scale and capabilities across the global flexible packaging businesses. Setting the org up in this way means we removed regional silos, we ensure best practices shared and deployed across the organization. We facilitate access to our entire product catalog anywhere in the world, and we drive efficiency across our manufacturing operations and equipment network. By redirecting operational responsibilities and reporting lines, this new structure also serves to elevate and enhance the role of our global management team to focus on strategic, bigger picture choices including those designed to further accelerate organic growth and shareholder returns. The second opportunity we have to win with our customers and accelerate our growth lies in ensuring all our teams have the growth capabilities, tools and processes to operationalize growth and accelerate volumes while we maintain margin quality. I believe we can be better when it comes to service quality, speed to market as well as building comprehensive pipelines of growth opportunities, which are managed rigorously to drive topline growth. For the last several months, we have allocated additional time and resources to expand on our commercial excellence framework and to make sure we get the basics right 100% of the time. In addition, we are leveraging our global network of innovation centers to get even closer to our customers and develop the next generation of packaging solutions that meet their needs to preserve, protect and promote their products in a way that supports circularity for the industry, which brings me to sustainability. We have the opportunity to raise our sustainability profile and be an even stronger advocate in support of the best packaging solutions for consumers and customers to eliminate waste, lower carbon footprint and increase recycling rates while preserving functionality. Selling sustainable packaging solution benefits the planet while driving value for shareholders, and I'm confident we can increase the pace of our efforts to support packaging portfolio transition for our customers with good economic stewardship. In order to demonstrate our commitment to sustainability leadership, I elevated our own focus, appointing David Clark to the newly created role of Chief Sustainability Officer. Many of you will know Dave has been instrumental in advancing our sustainability agenda for many years, and we continue to make excellent progress, which is detailed in our 2024 sustainability report launched earlier this month. I've also tasked our teams to leverage the early wins we are having with AmFiber to drive more growth from our innovative fiber-based offerings. And finally, portfolio. We will drive accelerated growth by capitalizing on the opportunity to further orient our mix towards faster-growing higher-margin categories. We have been focusing on the priority categories of healthcare, meat, pet care and premium coffee, which we have also supplemented with value-accretive acquisitions. I believe we can further accelerate organic growth by adding two additional areas, dairy and liquid applications. Both have significant global growth opportunities. My confidence in the ability to generate higher levels of organic volume growth consistently and stronger returns for our shareholders is underpinned by Amcor's proven ability to focus, execute and deliver as we have demonstrated with safety. Turning to Slide 5. This focus will move us towards becoming the company Amcor will be known as in the future and my vision for Amcor. First, Amcor will be known as a sustainability champion. Amcor's purpose is grounded in safely and efficiently bringing essential food and medicine to people around the world through our innovative packaging solutions. We do this with a commitment to the planet, contributing to significantly limiting food waste, decarbonizing our products and developing packaging solutions that ultimately eliminate packaging waste in the environment. This is what inspires and motivates us, to continue driving differentiation and value for our customers, employees and shareholders. And it is this combination of unique capabilities and a clear purpose that sets Amcor up to be the sustainability partner of choice for our customers and drive the next generation of growth through circularity and decarbonization in a way no other company can. Second is market leadership. Our unmatched scale, global reach and the breadth of our sustainable packaging solutions and service offerings positions Amcor to win as a critical supply partner to global, regional, national and local customers. We will continue to build and expand on these strengths to help ensure Amcor becomes the go-to packaging solutions provider in our categories of choice for customers across the globe. Third, my vision is that Amcor will be well known for delivering consistent organic growth. As I've just covered, I see a clear opportunity to deliver higher levels of profitable volume-driven organic growth creating an even stronger company and unlocking value for our stakeholders. And fourth, as an investment, Amcor will be known globally towards highly compelling financial profile with consistent performance against our model of delivering 10% to 15% of annual value creation for shareholders. We expect to continue to generate significant free cash flow, maintain our investment-grade balance sheet and execute against our capital allocation strategy, which does not change. I'm excited with my vision for Amcor's future and with the priorities we have set geared toward accelerating growth. As reflected in our Q1 volume performance, we are already starting to see some initial green shoots as a result of our efforts to date. There are many more opportunities ahead, and we will continue to be agile and evolve into an even stronger company. Now turning to the quarter on Slide 6. I'm pleased we delivered another quarter of volume growth with a trajectory improving for the third consecutive quarter. This also contributed to earnings growth in line with our expectations. And as mentioned, the solid start to the year has given us confidence to reaffirm our full-year guidance to date. We are very optimistic on the demand trends we are seeing in the market, and we expect our volumes will continue to grow through the year. I'll now turn the call over to Michael to cover the results and outlook in more detail. Michael?
Michael Casamento: Thank you, PK, and thanks to everyone joining us today. Starting with Slide 7 and a summary of our Q1 financial results. Our fiscal 2025 year is off to a very good start with broad-based improving customer demand across many end markets. Our teams continue to position Amcor to win with our customers, which resulted in our third consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in volumes. Overall volumes for the fiscal first quarter were up approximately 2% compared with 1% in Q4. As expected and called out in August, volumes remained weak in healthcare in North American beverage, which unfavorably impacted overall company volumes by approximately 2%. So across the balance of the business, overall volumes increased by 4% over the September quarter last year. Price/mix had an unfavorable impact on sales of approximately 3% primarily driven by continued destocking in higher-margin healthcare categories as expected and as noted on our August earnings call. First quarter adjusted earnings per share was in line with our expectations, coming in at $0.162 per share, which represents growth of 5% on a comparable constant currency basis. Adjusted EBIT grew by 3% compared with last year, and our teams continue to proactively manage costs well, helping drive operating leverage across the business. This resulted in another quarter of margin improvement with adjusted EBIT margin increasing by 50 basis points to 10.9%. Moving to our Flexible segment on Slide 8. Q1 volumes were up 3% compared with last year and improved modestly on a sequential basis, reflecting broad-based growth across most geographies and end markets. Net sales decreased by 1% on a comparable constant currency basis as widespread volume growth across the Flexibles business was offset by unfavorable price/mix of approximately 4%, again, primarily related to lower healthcare sales. As anticipated and discussed on last quarter's call, destocking in healthcare continued in North America and Europe in pharmaceuticals, and this resulted in a headwind of approximately 2% to overall segment volumes. We expect this destocking to abate by the end of calendar 2024. Across the balance of our Flexibles portfolio, volumes were up approximately 5%, reflecting solid customer demand across all regions and in many product categories. In North America and Europe, first quarter demand continued to improve for the second consecutive quarter. Volumes were up low to mid-single digits in both regions despite the negative impact of healthcare destocking. In emerging markets, our Asia Pacific and Latin American businesses also continued to deliver good volume growth at low to mid single-digit rates, supported by solid demand in China, India, Brazil and Peru. From a product category standpoint, meat, dairy, liquids and ready meals all delivered mid single-digit growth and single-serve coffee was up. In healthcare, medical return to modest growth. However, pharma volumes were down low-double digits compared with last year. Adjusted EBIT for the quarter of $329 million grew by 3% over last year on a comparable constant currency basis. Higher volumes, combined with strong cost performance led to another quarter of margin expansion, with adjusted EBIT margins up 40 basis points to 12.9%. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 9. The Rigid business continues to advance its performance and the trajectory of overall segment volumes improved for the third consecutive quarter. The business delivered another quarter of earnings growth despite a 4% decline in overall volumes compared with last year. As expected, this was primarily driven by continued soft consumer and customer demand in the North American beverage business. Net sales were down 4% on a comparable constant currency basis, with price/mix relatively flat. In North America, beverage volumes were down high-single digits, consistent with our volume performance in the previous quarter despite a modest negative impact from the temporary closure of a couple of plants in the Southern Eastern United States toward the end of the quarter to help ensure our people remain safe from the impacts of Hurricane Helene. As anticipated entering the quarter, consumer demand remained muted in Amcor's key end markets and customer mix remained unfavorable. Latin American volumes were lower than last year, reflecting weaker customer demand in Argentina and Colombia, which was partly offset by growth in Mexico and the Caribbean. The Specialty Containers business delivered good growth in the dairy and nutrition categories with volumes down in healthcare due to destocking. From an earnings perspective, the business delivered another quarter of growth and margin expansion through an ongoing focus on cost reduction and productivity measures. Adjusted EBIT of $62 million in Q1 was up 2% on a comparable constant currency basis, with EBIT margin increasing by 60 basis points to 7.7%. And as announced earlier today, we reached an agreement to sell our 50% interest in the Bericap North America closures business to our joint venture partner for $122 million, which we will use to reduce debt. Although we've had a long and respectful relationship with Bericap over the past 27 years, at this juncture, we have chosen to unwind the joint venture due to differing views on near-term capital requirements and resulting returns. While Amcor continues to operate in the closure space, and it remains a category of interest, we are committed to maintaining our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Moving to cash on the balance sheet on Slide 10. Consistent with historical quarterly phasing, Q1 was a quarter of cash usage. Compared with last year, CapEx increased to support a number of important projects that will continue to drive our sustainability, innovation and growth agendas. Additionally, we increased raw material inventories to ensure we are ready to service improving volume trends. Leverage was a little higher than we were anticipating, given the impact of higher inventories and secondly, due to stronger euro spot rates toward the end of the quarter, which negatively impacted debt and subsequent leverage by 0.1x, which has since unwound. We expect leverage to reduce through the fiscal year and anticipate an improvement in the second quarter with an end point below prior year December, and we remain confident in meeting our expectation to exit fiscal 2025 with leverage at 3x or lower. During the quarter, we returned approximately $180 million in cash to shareholders through our quarterly dividend, and our Board has also increased the quarterly dividend per share by 2% to $0.1275. That brings me to the outlook on Slide 11. As PK mentioned, based on our good start to fiscal 2025, we are reaffirming our guidance for the fiscal year. For fiscal 2025, we continue to expect adjusted earnings to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.76 per share on a reported basis, representing comparable constant currency growth of 3% to 8%. Our performance through the first quarter further supports our expectations for strong growth in the underlying business for the year as we continue to build on our volume and earnings momentum. As we pointed out on our August call, it's important to remember that this guidance includes an EPS headwind of approximately 4% related to more normalized levels of incentive compensation based on our expectations for improved annual financial results. Excluding this incentive normalization, we expect growth from the underlying business in the high single to low double-digit range. We continue to assume overall volumes will increase in the low to mid single-digit range for the year with trading performance through October aligned with these expectations. Interest expense guidance remains between $290 million and $305 million, with an effective tax rate in the range of 19% to 20%. Looking at our fiscal second quarter, we expect adjusted EPS to be relatively in line with our first quarter performance. This means fiscal 2025 earnings phasing as outlined on our August earnings call, will be broadly aligned with the historical average of approximately 45% of earnings being delivered in the first half of the year and 55% in the second half, with the fourth quarter typically the strongest of the year. And finally, we are affirming our expectations to generate strong adjusted free cash flow in the range of $900 million to $1 billion for the year, supporting our confidence in exiting the year with the leverage back at 3x or lower, as I noted earlier. We are happy with our start to fiscal 2025 and look forward to the opportunities we have to accelerate our future growth. And with that, I'll hand back to PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Michael. Turning to Slide 12 for a few closing remarks prior to opening the call to questions. I'm pleased with the overall performance trajectory of the business, and I'm excited about the significant opportunities we have ahead of us to enhance our profitable growth profile. As I noted earlier, we have already taken a number of concrete actions designed to accelerate volume growth, each of which further strengthens our ability to generate attractive, sustainable shareholder returns. Customer demand is improving broadly, and Q1 was another quarter of volume growth with earnings in line with our expectations. We continue to build financial momentum and evolve our strategic focus to unlock value, supporting the reaffirmation of our financial guidance for fiscal 2025. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you, operator. PK, first off, congrats on your new role, best wishes in the future.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. So I guess in your vision slide specific to the organic growth component. I know it's early in your tenure, you've been in the company for a while, though. Can you share specifics on how exactly you intend to do that in the low growth end markets that both your segments sort of exposed towards? And do you anticipate any portfolio repositioning that's needed to accomplish that, including any divestitures? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: That's a great question, Ghansham. And you're right, I believe that driving a better organic volume growth profile is probably the biggest opportunity the company has. And I'll give you a couple of soundbites where I think we need to work to facilitate that. The first one is really basic, if you want because you want to get the basics right, service quality, you want to be easy to do business with for the customers, which is one thing that we just need to continue to have an eye on. And I said in my prepared remarks, we can probably do better on that side or do even better. The second one is related to capabilities where – remember, we are essentially looking at Amcor at a commercial excellence program, which we brand value plus, which however, given our past has really been focused on driving mix and margins. And that was an excellent tool for a challenge that we had many years ago, and you know that, that was highly successful in delivering returns for us. I think we have an opportunity to expand, but not reinvent the program to expand the program to also include elements of organic volume growth and initiatives that go in that direction. And we have already started doing that. The other capability side that I would see is just leveraging better and more our incredible innovation capabilities. And very simply said, to a certain extent that comes down to just leveraging our product portfolio across the global markets, particularly in Flexibles. We have incredible success with certain products that we bring to certain categories in the marketplace. And we see opportunities to use those products also in other regions, other markets across the world. And that leverage opportunity, I think we want to go after more consistently in the organization that we've set that really helps us. And then you know that we have an innovation center network that we leverage more going forward because we've invested in it, and we have excellent customer contact already in those innovation centers. Then very quickly to just round it off, we have focus categories, our segment, our focus on those categories in terms of need going forward, probably we'll talk more about protein because we had dairy, healthcare, well, that's a bit of a holdback at this point in time, but we're seeing through that. This is a great category that will get back to growth and a couple of others that I can speak more to, if you want to know more and then we have the opportunity on the fiber side. So as I'm going through those points, you can see that we're pretty bolted around the initiatives. At the same time, they're broad, and we're setting them up to facilitate the organic growth side of things. So that was a long-winded answer to your first question. The second one was, do we see any opportunities to prune the portfolio, whatever. Look, I think that's always going to be on the agenda, but I'll tell you right now, I feel pretty good about the portfolio that we're working with across Flexibles and Rigid Packaging. So I don't see any immediate need to make any changes there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie. Your line is open.
John Purtell: Good day, PK and Michael. Hope you are well and congrats, PK on the role. Just on Q1 volume growth, just confirming that sort of broadly where you thought it would be. So obviously, your Flexibles volumes are up 3%, which is the same as what we saw in Q4, but not an acceleration.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, John. Look, first off, we're pretty encouraged about the volume performance in the first quarter. And if I just take you through that, overall company volume performance, plus 2%, which is 100 basis points up versus the quarter before. I'd say that, that is broadly in line with what we were expecting. If we put healthcare in North American beverage to the side, which is about 25% of our sales in the first quarter, the balance of the portfolio is up 4%. And you specifically referenced Flexibles. Flexibles is up, yes, 3%. That includes healthcare, which is still a bit of a holdback, but the rest of the portfolio is up 5%. So we feel pretty good about that. We feel pretty good because we also understand the healthcare dynamics. And healthcare, as you know, breaks out in two subcategories, one is medical. The other one is pharma. On medical, as we have said in prior calls, we are no longer seeing destocking. As a matter of fact, medical is back in growth territory in the first quarter, 2025, pretty much as expected in the destocking, you can say has come to an end. What's holding us back now is really "just pharma". We have a pretty strong pharma exposure, but pharma has started its destocking a little later than medical about a quarter. So we're still seeing destocking from pharma. And we believe that, that will sort of roll also partly into the second quarter. But as we leave the second quarter, I think we're going to see that destocking is abating and setting us up for a much better back half of the year. So with that said, I'd say we're feeling pretty good about the volume story in the first quarter. And if I look forward into the second quarter, we're definitely expecting another sequential volume improvement in Q2, too. So I'm in a spot where I say I'm very happy with how the volumes are currently coming back.
Operator: The next question is George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hey, thanks for taking my question. PK, good morning and congratulations. A lot of content here. I'll try to keep it at one question. Can you update us on some of how some of your newer products in the last few years, AmLite, AmPrima, AmFiber are doing? You had – you called that AmFiber, in particular. I believe there was a comment in the slide deck on AmPrima as well. If you index those or somehow quantify it, what's been the growth in those products? How important are they broadly to the portfolio overall. And relatedly, as you look out at the packaging waste reduction, [indiscernible] that they're off a few years, but nonetheless your customers are going to deal with them and you will as well. Are there any things that are looking a little bit more challenging for Amcor's portfolio to manage against maybe the recycled scale requirements? How would you have us think about that? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Thanks, George. Great question again. I'll try to keep it short, too because there's a lot of content here. Let me go backwards. First of all, we're acutely aware, obviously, of regulatory trends, and that would include the packaging waste regulation in Europe. And the general headline around that from our side is we're supportive. We're supportive of such regulation to the extent that it drives the circularity that we need in order to keep plastic waste out of the environment. So the regulation is good, and we are supportive of that. It is exactly in that context that we're developing product platforms like AmFiber, like AmPrima, and others that are essentially developed in order to comply with such regulation. And what they all have in common is that these products are more sustainable and they're recyclable. And you asked me to talk a little bit more about fiber also. Look, fiber in the context of what I just said, fits perfectly in because it is another sustainable packaging substrate which has one advantage at this point in time, it is recyclable at scale today. And whereas for plastic, we're building within the concept of circularity that recyclability, but it requires more investment into infrastructure and so on and so forth. And fiber that is already there. And therefore, the substrate fiber appeals to customers and consumers at this point in time. Now I will tell you that we need to keep in mind that fiber is a natural substrate and it's porous, it's full of holes, which is against the requirements that we have when we think about primary packaging, which is, to a large extent, about creating barrier properties in order to protect the food stuff that's inside. And therefore, fiber will always have a very limited range of applications across the board of what we're serving today. But where it fits it is a responsible packaging substrate. And as a company that is a responsible packaging company, we proactively explore the opportunities on that end. And therefore, we have developed the platform of AmFiber, a product that we have is the performance paper product, which actually differentiates us really well because we've been able to introduce barrier properties which makes that solution really attractive to certain applications. And the same essentially is true for AmPrima. It's a plastic-based product, but it's a recyclable plastic-based product, which therefore, is finding good pickup into the marketplace. But I will tell you, and that's my last comment in terms of dimensionalizing and it would have to probably come back to you. But I'd say we're working – we're pretty – AmPrima is a pretty sizable base at this point in time, and it continues to grow. The fiber substrate is growing, but off a smaller base. And we see more growth opportunities going forward in line with, first of all, our growth aspirations, but secondly, also with the responsibility that we feel for more sustainable structures.
Operator: Next is James Wilson with Jarden Australia. Your line is open.
James Wilson: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the Bericap unwind of the joint venture, are you able to talk us through: a, what the strategic rationale behind unwinding that joint venture was and also the implications that, that will then have for Rigid’s earnings going forward as well, please?
Peter Konieczny: Yes, James, happy to do so, and I'll take the first part of your question, and then I hand it off to M.C. here, to Michael to talk about the earnings implications. Look, the first thing that I will say is we continue to be attracted to the closure space and we actually continue to operate in closures. We have a metal-based closures range that is very much focused on wine and spirits. We also have closures in the specialty containers business on the Rigid side. If you add all that business together, you will end up with a topline between 200 million, 300 million. And I think that's a pretty sizable exposure still. So strategically, no change in positioning to the closure space. Now why then sell off topline in a period where you want to grow and with the business you're strategically interested in. When something like this happens in a joint venture environment, it's typically because you have differences with your joint venture partner about the development of the business going forward. And that's exactly what happened here. We weren't comfortable with the views of our partner to – with regards to the amount of capital that the partner perceived to be necessary to develop the business going forward and the time it took to get to returns that were attractive to us. We sat together with the partner and then internally, and we thought about what to do. The fact is that our businesses are competing for capital. And we have a capital allocation model in the company where we felt we have other opportunities across the business where we can put the capital to work at better returns in a shorter period of time. And that was essentially the reason and the strategic background to the divestment and it really just demonstrates that we're very disciplined around our capital allocation model.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, PK. And James, just to dimensionalize it for you. I mean, on an annual basis, we consolidate the revenue and earnings of the joint venture sales-wise, about $190 million on an annual basis. So remembering this – this divestment will close at the end of December. So it's really a half year impact for FY2025. And from an EBIT standpoint, about $19 million, which both sit in the Rigid Packaging segment. From a net income perspective at an Amcor level, the group level, after taking out the minority interest, it's about an $8 million net income on an annualized basis. So again, you've got to take half of that for FY2025 and obviously, with the proceeds going to reduce net debt, we are going to see some interest benefit from that. So when you put the two of those together actually for 2025 and ongoing the impact of the net income line is very minor.
Peter Konieczny: I just want to round off that comment because I don't know who's dialed in here, maybe even our joint venture partners, dialed in. And I just want to say a very, very respectful relationship over many years and very amicable sort of wind up of the joint venture. And I know that the business will do well going forward, and it's good that the business again has clear direction.
Operator: Next is Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Michael Roxland: Thank you, PK. and Michael and Tracey for taking my questions. And I'll just echo what everybody say PK, congrats on the role.
Peter Konieczny: Thanks, Mike.
Michael Roxland: My question is regarding your algorithm in terms of annual margin improvement. Historically, Amcor targeted 20 to 30 basis points of this improvement, but over the last few years, and I think even destocking, you developed a leaner cost structure. So given this cost structure is leaner, and even some of those costs such as labor slowly come back, would it be fair to say that the algorithm at least in the near term has shifted higher. So maybe the 20 to 30 basis points of margin improvement could be 30 to 40 for the next year or two as you solely add back cost to the business?
Michael Casamento: I'll start on that one, Mike. I think your observations are correct in the near term. I mean, obviously, the last couple of years, there's been a bit of a disconnect, particularly when you think about raw materials going through the topline, inflation going through the topline, then the impact of lower volumes, the cost-out agenda. So if you go back over time for Amcor over a long period of time, that 20 to 30 basis point algorithm works for us. It's been pretty consistent, but it can vary and fluctuate over the cycle. As we look forward, we still feel pretty confident around that algorithm. We’re consistently driving efficiency through the business, managing our cost base really tightly, and we can flex the cost base on volume demand. And it's not linear necessarily. So if cost comes down, volumes come off, we can pull the cost down. It doesn't necessarily go back up at the same rate. I think as we look over a long period of time, the mix management, the portfolio really drive that consistency through. And PK touched on some of the new product innovation, the sustainable structures, they all have different margin profiles as we look forward. So from where I sit, I think it's still a good algorithm from where we are. And we kind of stand by that as we look forward. But it will vary from time to time depending on the cycle we're in.
Operator: Next is Daniel Kang with CLSA. Your line is open.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, everyone and congrats again to PK. Just a question on the addition of dairy and liquids into the focus categories. Can you just talk us through the opportunity here where you see Amcor currently sits in these categories and your realistic sort of medium-term targets?
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Daniel. Happy to do that. Look, the most important thing is that in dairy and also in liquids, we have a very strong position in North America. And that's on the back of differentiated product solutions that go into these two segments. Now dairy is what dairy says, right? It's hard cheese, it’s soft cheese, could go up to yogurt. So it's a whole dairy space. Liquids is one that may be a little less obvious, and we always struggle internally how to define that best. It's essentially packaging solutions for what we call pumpable food. So you would have sauces in there, like ketchup, mayo, all kinds of different other sauces, you would have pureed food like apple sauce and you would also have some beverage applications in their in pouches, for example. Now that just explains the category in both of these categories, we have a very strong position in North America. And we have just come out the quarter where we have seen solid mid-single-digit growth in those categories. And we believe that one of the big opportunities that we have before we get like super complex and sophisticated around developing new products and so on and so forth, it's just simply leveraging the products that we bring to market successfully in North America across the global reach that we have in Flexibles. And that's, first and foremost, what we want to do. So it's a product leverage challenge. Of course, there's also going to be additional innovation that we bring to these categories. But in the short-term, I think it's product leverage. And that's something that we can do better going forward. We have – just in order to calibrate also, we have annual revenues in those categories somewhere between $800 million and $1 billion in each one. So it's big. We have – we are well positioned. We have good products. And we have markets that will have an opportunity to adopt those products, and we have an opportunity to create some revenues on that basis. We're excited about that, and this is where we're coming from.
Operator: Next is Sam Seow with Citi. Your line is open.
Samuel Seow: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one on net debt. You're obviously growing volumes and earnings, but when I look at your net debt, 3.5x, it's actually higher than 3.3x last year at this time. So just wondering, at a high level, if you can unpack that cash drag in particularly the working capital and how we should think about that cash conversion as volumes and inventories kind of may reverse? Thanks.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Sam. It's a good question. Look, I agree. Firstly, with leverage at 3x, we would say that's the peak. And it's a little higher than we were expecting in Q1 – what we would expect to see. And truly, it's for a couple of reasons. Firstly, as I mentioned in my remarks, we saw some spike in spot FX rates for euro that were higher than we were expecting at the end of the September quarter, which have since come back. And that had an impact of just the calculation 0.1 on leverage for the quarter. And as I said, that's unwound since then. Secondly, we did build additional inventory, particularly of raw materials in the quarter. And this was really on the back of a couple of things. Firstly, we are seeing strong demand signals, and PK touched on a little particularly in Q2. We've seen, over the last three quarters, sequential improvement in volume. And that demand signal continues into Q2. And we really don't want to miss any opportunity to service our customers on that basis. So the teams have been out there and increasing inventory, probably a little more conservative. But also the other thing that we have seen is a little bit of supply chain disruption and some tremors in the market, particularly around port strikes, a little bit of impact coming out of the Middle East as well. So it was pretty reasonable for the teams to take a little bit of a conservative view on there, just to make sure we've got the right inventory in place, the raw materials there to be able to convert as we work our way through the stronger demand. So if you put those two things aside, leverage would have been at 3.3x, pretty well aligned with prior year, and about right where we would have expected it to be for this time of year. But that said, it's higher than we like. And as we look forward, we've got a clear plan to work it down. We reaffirmed the full-year cash flow guidance today, that $900 million to $1 billion. And we have confidence in that, particularly as we work our way through the inventories and we see the higher volumes come through. Obviously, we're also paying down debt with the Bericap proceeds. So the disposal proceeds, which come in, in December. So we are going to see leverage come down through the year, and it's actually going to start in Q2. And we expect leverage will be lower than it was prior year in Q2. We'll see the improvement there. And then as we have really strong confidence in the balance of the year to come back to 3x or below as we exit the year in June 2025.
Operator: Next is Brook Campbell-Crawford with Barrenjoey. Your line is open.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just with respect to this focus on stronger organic growth. Previously, the business has always talked about low single-digit topline growth organically. What's the new target for this, if you can provide a bit of a range of what you're thinking about? And I guess, I'm more focused beyond the near term, given, I guess, volumes in Flexibles are still 6% below pre-COVID levels. So once you kind of catch up on that period of underperformance, what do you think the steady-state sort of medium-term topline should be? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Thanks, Brook. There's a lot of questions there. I got to be a little conservative here, and I'm going to shy away from giving you a number and a target going forward. What I will tell you is that I think we can do definitely better than the expectations that we spelled out before COVID. As we walked into COVID, everything else that we've seen since then, I think, has been pretty volatile. And you could call out market dislocation for many different reasons. But we're working ourselves out of it as we have seen with the volume performance over the last three quarters and also – and as Michael just confirmed again, the demand signal into Q2 of this fiscal year. So I would probably leave that there and just simply say we can do better. We can do better consistently as we go forward, and that's the target. So stay close, and we'll demonstrate to you what we can do with the business. On your second part, when you compare our current volume levels to what it was pre-COVID, you're right that we haven't fully caught up in terms of volumes today versus what it was pre-COVID. On the other hand, I'll tell you, it's not so simple to just better spread that across the different categories that we serve. It's much more of a complex picture. In some cases, we're actually full and sold out. In some cases, we do have some capacity for – to absorb additional growth, and we're acutely aware of that. We are obviously more interested in selling open capacity now than selling capacity that requires more investment. But where it does and where we have good opportunities, we're also not held back or constrained in any way to make investments into the business. So that's the way how we're looking at it. But altogether, we're feeling good about the initiatives that we started to drive growth to higher levels going forward. And that is consistently – that would really be the target that I set out for the organization.
Operator: Next is Cameron McDonald with E&P. Your line is open.
Cameron McDonald: Good morning. Just some questions on the financials, if I can, please. So the – if I look at the adjusted EBITDA number in the back of the slides, can you just – Michael, can you just explain what the $13 million impact is across the restructuring and in other? The note sort of refers to Russia, but I'd be surprised if Russia was impacting the first quarter of this year from a restructuring cost perspective?
Michael Casamento: Yes. So Cameron, look, that's just the program that we put in place to take some cost out of the business and restructure in certain parts as a result of disposing the Russian business to try and offset part of the disposed earnings. So we announced the program 18 months ago or so, and we've been working our way through that. We've announced seven plant closures, four plant restructures. In total, we were looking to spend, cash-wise, about $170 million. We're most of the way through that program now, and we're still seeing just a little bit of cost come through. But that's – you're also seeing the benefits of that program come through. We said that we would deliver about a $50 million annualized benefit in FY2024. We got $35 million of that. We've got a further $5 million or so in Q1 2025. So we're well on track to deliver those benefits for that program, and it's pretty much done by the end of calendar 2024.
Operator: Your next question is from Nathan Reilly of UBS. Your line is open.
Nathan Reilly: Thanks for taking my call or question I should say. Just in relation to the underlying group volume growth of 4%, excluding health care and beverage, relative to some of the European and U.S., Canada and some of the key end markets which have been quite patchy, that volume growth looks quite solid. So I'm just wondering if you can give us a little bit of an update just in terms of how you're seeing the state of the consumer across your key end markets in both the U.S. and Europe, please?
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Nathan. First of all, I agree. I also believe that the number is actually pretty solid. And here's how we're thinking about this. If you sort of pull it apart into the different components, if you look at the consumer, I think the consumer is at best flat, if not a little down. And that's very consistent with what we've said in prior calls. And we're not expecting a lot of help from the consumer going forward either. So we're not going to bank on the consumer spending behavior sort of becoming more positive going forward. The thing that we're seeing is that the customers are performing better. We talked about that in the prior calls also in the context of two things really. One is the customers – many customers are trying to find a better balance between price and volumes. That also translates into promotional activities, and we're benefiting from that. What we also sort of group in the customer performance piece is just simply the fact that destocking is over. And that's – I can say that now, a little – with a little more conviction, destocking is over, except for the one category that we have decided to break out for this conversation because you introduced it like that. Let's put health care and North American beverage aside for a moment. And then the final point that we look at is how are we faring in the market that we're seeing? And that comes down to our ability to gain share. Now after the fourth quarter, I would have said something along the lines of it's not material, but we see some green shoots. Now as I'm sitting here after the first quarter, I would say, it's a little bit. So the momentum is increasing, and I'm still trying to be very bolted around all that and not to get ahead of myself. Let's get another quarter under our belt and see if and how the volumes develop and what the drivers are once we're getting out of Q2, but we feel pretty good about it. And if I – your question also was break it out between North America and Europe. I'd say, it's pretty much the same between the two and the way how we look at that. So that's pretty much the best answer that I can give you.
Operator: Our last question comes from George at Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Thanks so much. PK, thanks for taking my follow-on. It's a two-part, where the first has nothing to do with the second part. So the first question is your volume growth actually has been relatively in line or actually a bit better than what we've seen out of other consumer packaging markets the last few quarters, and yet you are working on your innovation and really trying to drive greater speed to market. All companies try to improve, we get that. Was there a trigger for you in terms of what sort of drove that? We need to do an even better job of getting innovation to the goal line. Were there some lost sales? Or were there some opportunities? What drove that realization? And then the second question I had for you really is when – can you remind us when do you expect Rigid to inflect higher from a profit standpoint and when from a volume standpoint? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, George, that's really two questions. And as you said, they're not related. Yes, exactly. So – but, okay, let go backwards. So first of all, on the ARP, so Rigid Packaging. Look, we've been speaking a lot about the volumes. But what I haven't said yet is – and what you will see when you go through the numbers, is that the business has returned to earnings growth over the last couple of quarters. Actually, since the beginning of this calendar year, they've come back with earnings growth, which means that, despite the environment that they're operating in, they are being able to adjust their cost structures and their capacities to a level where they are turning out better profitability, which is something that we appreciate. The team is doing a great job. At the same time, we're all sitting here and waiting for the market to give us a bit more tailwind. And when that comes on the back of the efficiency that we've now created in the business, we'll see better improvement and better numbers, definitely better numbers, and we're looking for those. So we can't wait for that to happen on the profit side and also on the topline side. Now you're asking me, when is that going to happen? That really depends on the consumer. The consumer is still sort of held back on the categories that we serve. It is a very discretionary category mix that we're serving with the isotonics, with the ready-to-drink teas, or the juices. There's different ways of hydration. And while inflation may have come down, the consumer is just shocked by the prices on the shelf. And that's sort of the way how we explain currently the consumer behavior. So that needs to turn around. That will get us better volumes. And then we'll see definitely better topline and bottom line on the Rigid side. So that sort of is my answer to that part of the question. The other – the first part was, I think, geared towards innovation. And you're asking how to understand the questions. We need to gear up on innovation. Let me just, first of all, maybe correct the perception. I never wanted to say that we are behind in our capabilities on innovation. We're not. I think we are one of the leading companies in our space with our innovation capabilities. And I'm not just saying that because I feel that, I'm saying that on the back of the feedback that we get from our customers. And they're very impressed with what we can do. And I'd take the opportunity on this call for those of my team that are actually listening in, in the innovation space. You guys are doing a great job. Congratulations. But of course, we want more. And we have made investments in the innovation centers across the world. And we have invested in one in China. The latest one has just opened the doors a couple of months ago in Ghent in Belgium, in Europe, and we have a couple of satellites. And we just want to see the returns. I want to see the returns on that investment, and we're seeing that. Customers are coming in. We have a great process that we call Catalyst, where we sit down with the customers and we do innovation. And we shocked and amazed them with the things that we can do. So that's one. And the other one is really just around the leverage piece. It is part of the innovation. I'm not asking to do some rocket science here, which I think our people can do. What I'm saying right now is take the products that are successful to one market, and help introduce them in other markets where we have demand for the same products. It's as simple as that. And that's product leverage, and we have great opportunities to do that. So those were the two comments that I was trying to make on the innovation side, and I hope that's a little more clear. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back to PK for closing remarks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Look, thanks for the interest in the company and for dialing in. Great questions. I mean, you're essentially asking the questions that we're asking ourselves here. I just want to say one more time, we feel pretty good about where we're at, particularly with the volumes coming back. That's really important for us. And as we see that trickle through, we'll definitely see that also translate to the bottom line. And we're looking at a solid year. So at this point in time, we are fully reaffirming our guidance for the full-year, and we feel we're in a good spot. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-08-15 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Amcor Fiscal Year '24 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining Amcor's fiscal 2024 fourth quarter and full year earnings call. Joining today is Peter Konieczny, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we'll discuss on this call. Please be aware that we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to differ than current estimates. Reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and then rejoin the queue if you have any additional follow-ups. With that, over to you, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Tracey, and thank you to all who have joined us for today's call. I want to open the call with a big thank you to our Amcor colleagues around the world, all of whom demonstrated tremendous focus in fiscal '24. Their hard work and dedication enabled us to improve our financial performance through the year and to finish the year strong. And I want to publicly recognize their efforts. In terms of Q4, we start as always with safety on slide three. Safety is our number one priority and our efforts to provide a safe and healthy work environment for our teams resulted in another year of improved performance, which reinforces our industry leadership when it comes to safety. 73% of our sites have remained injury-free for 12 months or longer and overall, Amcor experienced a 12% reduction in injuries, compared to fiscal '23. Our commitment to our people and to their safety remains our most important value, and we continue to aspire to achieve our ultimate goal of zero injuries. Turning to slide four. Amcor's near-term priorities remain consistent with those I shared on our Q3 earnings call, and I'm happy to report we are successfully delivering against these, and -- against these priorities. As I just mentioned, providing a safe and healthy work environment for our global workforce will always be number one. Second, is to stay close to our key stakeholders, including employees and customers, which helped us finish the fiscal '24 year strongly. Our teams continued to execute well in the fourth quarter, maintaining cost discipline as volume trends continued to improve sequentially with a return to volume growth in Q4. As a result, we delivered another quarter of solid margin expansion and earnings per share growth above the expectations we set out in April. Third, is to build on the progress we have worked hard to deliver across the business and ensure we maintain momentum in fiscal '25. We expect our earnings and volume performance to continue to improve, and this is reflected in our fiscal '25 guidance. And fourth, I and our senior leaders continue to focus on providing stability for the business and helping our teams deliver for all our stakeholders. We're executing well and winning with our customers as we continue to reinforce the Amcor strategy, agenda, and priorities have not changed. Moving to our key messages for today on slide five. First, Amcor reported strong financial results for the fourth quarter, driven by solid performance in the underlying business and a return to volume growth, resulting in both segments delivering adjusted EBIT growth on a comparable basis. Second, volumes, EPS growth, and free cash flow were ahead of expectations we set out in April. Overall volumes increased 1% in the quarter compared to last year, which exceeded the low single-digit decline we were anticipating. Earnings per share also outperformed expectations, up 9%, which was above our guidance for mid-single-digit growth. Third, we expect to build further momentum and deliver annual EPS growth through continued strong performance from the underlying business. At the midpoint of our fiscal '25 EPS guidance range of growth of 3% to 8%, we expect total annual value generated to once again be consistent with the 10% to 15% outlined on our shareholder value-creation model, assuming a dividend yield aligned with historical average. It is important to point out that we expect the underlying business to continue to deliver strong growth in line with the high-single-digit earnings growth experienced in Q4, considering our guidance includes an EPS headwind of approximately 4 percentage points related to normalization of incentives. Michael will step through the components embedded in our guidance range in more detail broadly. Our final key message is that our capital allocation priorities and strategies for long-term growth have not changed. We continue to invest in organic growth across the business, including in higher-value priority categories in emerging markets. Strategic M&A also remains an important source of incremental growth and value creation. We believe, the strength of our market positions, our opportunities to invest for growth, our execution capabilities, and our commitment to a compelling and growing dividend, and to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating sums up to a convincing investment case for Amcor. Moving to Slide 6, for a summary of our financial results. We finished fiscal '24 on a strong note. As customer demand continued to improve off second quarter lows, and our teams did an excellent job leveraging our differentiated value proposition to support our customers and drive volumes higher. At the same time, our unwavering focus on proactive cost management through the year resulted in a -- in four consecutive quarters of strong margin expansion. Overall volumes returned to growth earlier than we anticipated and were up 1% in Q4, our second consecutive quarter of strong sequential volume improvement. As expected, volumes across healthcare categories and in the North America beverage business remained soft through the fourth quarter. Combined, these two businesses, which represent approximately 25% of sales in Q4, unfavorably impacted overall volumes by approximately 2%. Across the balance of the business, overall volumes were approximately 3% higher than the June quarter last year. This reflects broad-based improvements in customer demand across many end markets and what we believe is the end of destocking in all categories other than healthcare. Price mix had an unfavorable impact on sales of approximately 3%, primarily driven by continued destocking in high-margin healthcare categories. Cost reduction and productivity initiatives remained a focus and we delivered another quarter of significant cost savings totaling more than $110 million, including an additional $20 million of benefits from structural cost initiatives in Q4. This builds on the outstanding efforts by all our teams across the businesses through the first three quarters, bringing the total cost savings for the year to more than $40 million, including structural savings of $35 million. The result of improving volume trends and our focus on cost and productivity actions was another quarter of strong earnings leverage as momentum in Amcor's underlying business continued. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.211 grew by 9% on a comparable constant currency basis, above our April guidance for mid-single-digit growth and adjusted EBIT was up 4% compared with last year. Overall, for fiscal '24, we delivered adjusted EPS toward the top-end of our guidance range we provided last August and our ongoing focus on cash conversion was rewarded with adjusted free cash flow of $952 million, up more than $100 million of last year and just above the top-end of our guidance range. We also continued to return significant cash to shareholders through a compelling and growing dividend in addition to share repurchase, which combined totaled approximately $750 million for fiscal '24. I'll turn it over to Michael now to provide some further color on the financials and our outlook. Michael?
Michael Casamento: Thanks, PK, and hello, everyone. Beginning with the Flexibles segment on slide seven, and focusing on our fiscal Q4 performance. Q4 volumes increased by 3%, which represented a significant sequential improvement of 5 percentage points compared with the March quarter. Net sales, however, were down 1% on a comparable constant currency basis, whilst volume growth was offset by unfavorable price mix of approximately 4%, primarily related to lower healthcare sales, which we anticipated. Destocking in healthcare categories continued in North America and Europe and this resulted in a headwind of approximately 2% on overall segment volumes. Across the balance of our Flexibles portfolio, Amcor experienced very solid growth with volumes increasing by approximately 5% in the quarter. The improved customer demand we saw in the third quarter continued as customers increased their focus on growing volumes and returned to more normalized order patterns now that destocking has ended. This led to broad-based growth across most geographies with volumes increasing in several categories, including meat, cheese, home and personal care, and unconverted film and foil. Across North America and Europe, fourth quarter demand improved across many end markets, resulting in a return to overall volume growth in the low-to mid-single-digit range in both regions despite continued softness in healthcare. In North America, volumes were higher in meat, cheese, and snacks categories. And in Europe, the business delivered particularly strong volume growth in meat, home and personal care, and unconverted film and foil. Emerging market volumes were up mid-single digits in Q4. Most countries experienced solid growth with volumes in China increasing for the fourth consecutive quarter and strength continuing in India, Thailand, Brazil, and Mexico, to name a few. Adjusted EBIT for the quarter of $403 million was 5% higher than last year on a comparable constant currency basis. Higher volumes combined with strong cost performance through the quarter, including from restructuring initiatives, led to another quarter of margin expansion with EBIT margins up 110 basis points to 15%. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 8. Volumes and earnings trajectory for Rigid continued to improve in the fourth quarter with the business delivering consecutive quarters of earnings growth in the second half. As anticipated, overall volume performance for the business improved sequentially as the 5% volume decline in Q4 was 3 percentage points better than the March quarter. As expected, the Q4 decline was driven by lower volumes in the North America beverage business. Across the balance of the Rigid packaging portfolio, volumes were in line with the fourth quarter last year and favorable price mix benefits of approximately 3% resulted in a 2% decline in net sales on a comparable constant currency basis. In North America, beverage volumes were down 8%, reflecting lower consumer demand in Amcor's key end markets and unfavorable customer mix. Volumes improved by 3 percentage points on a sequential basis as destocking ended and warmer weather resulted in modest improvement in consumer consumption versus the March quarter. In Latin America, volumes increased in the low single-digit range compared with last year, driven by continued growth in Brazil and in Colombia. And from an earnings perspective, the business delivered another quarter of earnings growth and margin expansion through an ongoing focus on cost reduction and productivity measures and the realization of benefits from restructuring initiatives. Adjusted EBIT increased by 2% in Q4 with EBIT margin increasing by 70 basis points to 8.8%. Moving to cash and the balance sheet on Slide 9. Adjusted free cash flow for fiscal '24 was just above the top end of our guidance range at $952 million, up more than $100 million or 12% compared with last year. Cash generation was strong through the fourth quarter and we delivered good cash conversion by remaining laser-focused on improving working capital performance with inventories reducing for the sixth consecutive quarter. The timing of spend on CapEx projects was also a modest tailwind in the year, which we expect to unwind in fiscal '25. Leverage of 3.1 times was down 0.3 of a turn from the March quarter and was in line with our expectations for year-end. This brings me to the outlook on Slide 10. For fiscal '25, we expect to continue building on the volume and earnings momentum we achieved through the second half of fiscal '24. Adjusted earnings are expected to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.76 per share on a reported basis, representing comparable constant currency growth of 3% to 8%. As PK noted earlier, we expect the growth in the underlying business will remain strong in fiscal '25. However, it's important to note that our guidance includes an EPS headwind of approximately 4% related to more normalized levels of incentive compensation based on our expectations for improved annual financial results. Excluding this incentive normalization, our guidance range implies expected growth from the underlying business in the high-single to low-double-digit range. Our guidance range assumes an expected volume increase in the low-to-mid single-digit range for the year with trading performance in July aligned with this expectation. Interest expense is expected to be between $290 million and $305 million and the effective tax rate is estimated to be in the range of 19% to 20%. When combining interest and tax in absolute terms, the expectation is for a modest headwind to earnings when compared with fiscal '24. In terms of phasing, we anticipate this will be broadly aligned with historical average of approximately 45% of earnings being delivered in the first half of the year and 55% in the second half, with the fourth quarter typically the strongest of the year. And finally, we expect to continue to generate strong adjusted free cash flow in the range of $900 million to $1 billion, even as we fund an increase in capital expenditure of approximately $40 million to $60 million from a lower base in '24, which I mentioned earlier. And we expect to exit the year with leverage back within our 2.5 times to 3 times management range. We are pleased with the finish to fiscal '24 and look forward to delivering strong financial results in '25 and beyond. So, with that, I'll hand it back to you, PK.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Michael. In closing, on Slide 11, we finished '24 on a strong note and we are encouraged by the broad-based improvement in volumes we're seeing across most geographies and end markets. Earnings both -- earnings growth in both segments in the second half of fiscal '24, combined with a return to volume growth in the fourth quarter and the trends experienced in the first several weeks of fiscal '25, give us confidence that momentum will continue to build in the underlying business. We expect overall volumes to continue to grow in fiscal '25 and we will maintain a sharp focus on cost control and productivity initiatives to drive solid earnings growth. And importantly, assuming a dividend yield aligned with historical average, at the midpoint of our EPS guidance range, we are well positioned to deliver annualized value generated in fiscal '25 to be in line with the 10% to 15% outlined in our shareholder value-creation model. We will continue to capitalize on opportunities to grow the business by staying close to our customers, providing the support and the differentiated more sustainable packaging solutions they need, to protect, preserve, and promote their products as they drive their own volume growth. We continue to invest in organic growth, including in higher-value priority categories and emerging markets. Strategic M&A is an important source for incremental growth and value-creation and we are committed to a compelling dividend which grows annually. We're confident in our execution capabilities and in the opportunities we have, to continue delivering profitable growth from the underlying business and to create strong free cash flow in fiscal '25 and beyond. Operator, we are now ready to turn the line over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Hello, everybody. Look, can you just give us a sense as to what you're seeing as it relates to true market conditions? I mean, obviously, you're cycling over easier comparisons from a year ago, just given inventory destocking, etc., but what is your characterization of the actual end-market in context of what we read about with consumer affordability issues and so on? And I guess I'm asking because last year, your volumes were down 5% in fiscal year '24 and your guidance is, I think it was low-to mid-single-digit volumes. So, just trying to get a sense as to what you're actually seeing in the market.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Thanks, Ghansham. Let me take that question here and then see if Michael wants to build if needed or required. Look, first of all, we've been very pleased with the performance of the volumes with a sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4, which was even better than what we expected. And we went back to volume growth, which was again better than the low-single-digit decline that we had indicated after Q3. And we've been pleased with that being pretty much broad-based across the different regions and categories. So, it was a broad momentum that was building here and we're very pleased to see that too. Then, if I double-click on where the 1% comes from, and I try to depict that into the different drivers. The first thing that I would say is, it's not necessarily consumer demand. Consumer demand continues to be muted. We would consider that to be low-single-digit down still. And also when we go into '25 with our expectations, we wouldn't assume that that necessarily improves. And what we're seeing is that our customers are starting to do better, our customers. When we talked about this also in the last earnings call, and where we pointed out that our customers are looking for a better balance between volumes and price. And you also see that when you go through some of the announcements that have come out lately. So, that's better and we are demonstrating an ability to win with those customers. And that is through what we have to offer. And I would just call that on a headline, the value proposition that we can bring to the customer. So, that's encouraging. And that's really the driver of the improvement to a large extent. Of course, we are seeing some benefits from cycling out of the destocking that we had last year. In the fourth quarter, to give you a feel, that would have been not really much, maybe a couple of percentage points. But also remember that we're still seeing destocking in the healthcare business that pretty much goes against us. And those would be the major drivers. And they are very consistent with sort of what we're seeing when we look to '25. I hope that sort of answers the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau of MST Financial Services. Your line is open.
Keith Chau: Hi there, Peter and Michael. I just want to maybe actually reflect back on that question. So, what you're saying is that the consumer is still weak at the moment. So, the growth is not consumer demand, still low-single-digit down. Your volumes in FY ‘25, it feels like part of that is the unwinded destocking, which is a couple of percent that you're expecting kind of low-to mid-single-digit. So, there is maybe some slight improvement in your underlying volume. So, I'm just trying to work out what the difference is between those two factors. Like who do you think is losing and taking share? I'm just trying to square up the numbers from the first question. Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Keith. So, first of all, I would say it's not really a share story here. It comes down to, again, the things that I've mentioned before, the consumer demand we would hope to improve going forward, but we're careful in terms of our expectations for the next year. We're not banking much on that to happen. If it comes, that would be great and that would be providing further tailwinds for us. And again, what you're seeing is, on a comparative basis to prior periods, you would see the stocking sort of cycling off. That gets us a better volume performance in terms of what we report. And a little more color on that, in the first half of '25, we would be comping a pretty broad range destocking versus prior period. However, we said that pretty much came to an end after the first half last year. So, that won't be there in the second-half anymore. And in the first-half, we will still continue to see destocking in the healthcare category, which is pretty much a quarter longer than what we guided towards in Q3 -- in the earnings call after Q3. But that will abate in the back half of the year. And then we continue to believe that our customers, and to a large extent we have good exposure to big global customers, that they will continue to drive their volume performance, which is very consistent with what you're hearing. And we have -- we're partnering up with them. Like we have built a good relationship with them over the past. We always have been very close to the big customers. And as their volumes are coming back, we take advantage of that. So, you pull all that together, that sort of results to -- into the volume guidance of low-single-digit to mid-single-digit next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I guess maybe continuing along that line of discussion, maybe I'd like to dig in a little more on the healthcare end market, which is still your most challenged. And if I was doing the algebra right, it seems like you're implying that was down near high-single-digit volumes in the fiscal fourth quarter. Sounds like destocking continuing for at least one more quarter. You talked about the confidence that you have of that ending by the end of this calendar year, and maybe a little bit more clarity on what the assumptions are for the healthcare business for volumes in fiscal '25, has obviously had important implications on mix as we move through the year. Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, good question, Adam. I mean, first of all, I'd say that healthcare is as far as I'm concerned, a real gem in our portfolio. Let's start right there. And if we're challenged with the healthcare category, it would really just be on the back of the normalization that the category is seeing after a major dislocation that the category has gone through in the more recent past. And that dislocation is now coming to an end with the category essentially rightsizing their inventories. That's what we're seeing. So, we don't have any concerns overall in the stability and the attractiveness of this category to start right there. But what we're going through until the end of the calendar on the back of what we know right now is really just continued destocking. I can confirm that the high-level estimates that you're doing on volumes is correct in terms of high-single-digits being down in the more recent past. I think that the destocking that we've seen in Q4 is probably slightly better than what we've seen in Q3. And again, on the back of everything that we know, the destocking will come to an end by the end of the calendar. And that would be based on various conversations that we have with our customers and what they're confirming currently is happening in their business. Now, in the back half then when the destocking has come to an end, we're expecting a better volume performance with the business as you would imagine. And we would definitely have no concerns to believe that healthcare can return to growth rates that are in line with the historical averages of sort of mid-single-digits growth. The final point that I'd like to make maybe on healthcare is as I'm thinking through it, how to best answer your question. The destocking that we're seeing in healthcare is actually, when you look at the numbers, quite similar to some other categories that we've seen beforehand. It's just that healthcare started later, pretty much in Q2 last year, and has started mostly with medical on the medical side, which we've cycled through right now. And then with the phase delay, we've seen some impacts on the pharma side, which we're now crunching through. And that will come to an end by the end of the calendar, as I said before.
Michael Casamento: And maybe Adam, just to pick up on the mix point. Yes, you're quite right. Obviously, the mix is unfavorable in Q4. And with the destocking continuing, if we think about our guidance assumptions for the FY ‘25, we would expect that negative mix to continue in the first half. But then as we head into the second half, it will obviously improve as we're through the destocking. So, on a full year basis, we probably expect the mix to be more neutral.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang with CLSA. Your line is open.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, everyone. Just a quick question on capital management. I noticed that the Board has chosen to refrain from share buyback at this point. Can you talk us through the decision there? Is it a reflection of wanting to see leverage ratios lower or is it a reflection of more confidence in the M&A pipeline?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Dan. It's Michael here. I can take that one for you. Look, we've still got a little bit more to go of a buyback that was approved earlier on. So, we didn't do that in Q4. And that's really a function of, we have a good M&A pipeline and there's opportunities there as always. So, we elected to not do the buyback. From a capital allocation standpoint, I mean, the buyback is just one element of that. Clearly the strong cash flow, we direct the CapEx first to grow the business organically. We continue to pay a dividend and you saw us increase the dividend again and then with the free cash flow left over, clearly we'd like to invest that first and foremost in M&A because that's where we get the greatest return. And if that's not available, then the buyback is really the next alternative. So, the buyback is -- and obviously, it's a function of the cash flow performance as well. So, for now, we haven't called out a buyback for '25. We've still got to finish a little bit left over there to do. But we've got a good pipeline of M&A activity. We're expecting the cash flow in the business to be solid through the year as we've guided to $900 million to $1 billion. So, we'll see how things play out as we work our way through the year and if there's capacity to do the buyback, we'll do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good evening. We've come off two, three years of pretty sharp cost inflation that you had to absorb and pass on to your customers. Just wondering, as you look at the '25 guidance, what kind of cost inflation, raw material inflation, resin assumptions are baked in to the full year guidance? And how might it be different or not different than what you've kind of experienced over the last couple of years?
Michael Casamento: Yes, you're quite right. I mean, we've been in a highly inflationary environment. Clearly, inflation is abating, though it's still at a later level, but clearly abating. I think from where we sit today, the main area of inflation now is really in the labor of things. And that's probably in that kind of mid-single-digit range, and we'd expect that again in FY ‘25. But our cost inflation in the quarter-four was about $35 million or $190 million for this year versus $340 million in the prior year. So, you can see that it is abating. And I think the main area really now is just on the labor side as we look forward. From a raw material standpoint, look, it's a pretty benign environment at the moment. I think in Q4, probably overall, and we buy a broad basket of raw materials and across multiple geographies across the globe. If I think about Q4, probably in general it was up kind of low-single-digit, I would say, and -- but it was a bit mixed by raw material types, so resin is up a little, aluminum up probably more mid-to-high, but then films and liquids were down. So, on balance, not a material impact to the business, and from an EBIT standpoint, we really, for the year, were pretty neutral on the raw material side. As we look into '25, really, as we look into the first quarter, again, we're seeing a pretty benign environment. If I think about North America and Europe, raw materials typically look pretty flat in the first quarter. Perhaps Asia is the one area where we might see some slight increases in raw materials, but, again, generally, I'd say the basket of goods is pretty benign across the globe. So, that's what we've factored into our guidance assumptions, and, of course, we've given you a range of growth in the guidance assumptions, kind of 3% to 8%. Obviously, raw materials is a factor within that. I mean, we pass through raw materials contractually, but there can be a lag. So, that's just one element that could get us to the bottom or upper end of that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Hope you can hear me. Can you comment on the outlook for beverage in North America and when you expect the volumes to turn more positive? Thank you so much.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, George, it's PK here. I'll take that question. Look, beverage in North America is a little more discretionary than many of the other categories that we serve. Think about the acetonics categories as such. We're seeing in the current environment, if you just look at scanner data, sort of low-single-digit to mid-single-digit decline in that category. And that's what we're facing in the market right now. On top of that, I would say that our performance is also somewhat impacted by our exposure to customers that are in their totality underperforming the market. Sort of some low-single-digit, if you want, and that sort of rolls up to our own volume performance. On your question, how do we expect that to continue? I think as we're looking at '25, it will to a large extent come down to the question of how consumer demand is developing in that category going forward. I think we've got to be realistic here. We've got to say that we're not overly ambitious in terms of expecting the volumes to turn around in the near future. We would hope that that's the case. But as we're looking into the next year, I think we're being realistic about that. And it has mostly to do with the discretionary sort of nature of the category that we're exposed to. So, that's how I would answer the question. I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Wilson with Jarden Australia. Your line is open.
James Wilson: Morning, guys. Just heading into FY ‘25, can you give us a bit of a sense of the quantum of the $400 million of cost-out that you've managed to do over FY ‘24 that will have to come back into the business as volumes pick up?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure, James. It's Michael here. I can take that one. As you said, we've been pretty focused on cost in' 24 and I'm pleased with where we ended up. We've generated savings in excess of $440 million, which includes $35 million of benefits from the structural program that we've put in place as well. And if you think about where that's coming from, there's two elements to it, obviously. The operating performance of the business, we've been laser-focused on managing our shift patterns, taking whole shifts out where we can, and flexing the operational costs of the business to the lower volumes. Procurement has been a big driver in this environment, obviously. We've been working hard through our global reach and scale on that front. And discretionary spend has been managed quite tightly. Obviously, we've had a strong year in '24 and we'll be lapping some of that. But as we look into '25, the structural benefits of $35 million, there'll be a further $15 million in '25. So, that completes that program where we were going to invest $170 million in cash and get the $50 million out. So, we're well down the path of that and confident in that space. And then on the balance, I mean, we continue to get procurement benefits. We'll continue to manage the operations. But clearly, as the volumes increase, which is what we saw in Q4, we'll have to flex the labor back up to manage those higher volumes that we're anticipating. That said, it won't be linear. So, we'll be able -- we're more efficient today. We'll continue to see benefits from the cost takeout that we've had just in the efficiency as we deal with those increasing volumes working through the next year. So, hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with Barrenjoey. Your line is open.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one for you, Michael, please. Just around the D&A charge in the fourth quarter was quite a bit lower than we were thinking. It was down about 8% year-over-year or 6% quarter-on-quarter. Do you mind just commenting on what sort of drove that reduction in D&A in the quarter? And should we really just be analyzing that fourth quarter D&A charge when thinking about FY ‘25? Or is there other adjustments we need to think about? Thanks.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Brook. I can help you there. Look, in the quarter -- well, for the year, as I said, D&A was down kind of $7 million or thereabouts, not material. I mean, it's really a factor of a couple of things. Obviously, we reduced cap expense. So, you've got a little less there. And also, with the restructuring we've been doing, we've closed seven plants, four restructures as well. So, clearly, some assets have come out of the business from that front. And there's been some other minor adjustments here and there. So, as I look forward, I'd still expect depreciation to be in that kind of $400 million to $420 million range on an annual basis, which is, again, as we build cap expense in '25, as I mentioned in my speaking notes, we are expecting to increase CapEx again in '25 as we work our way through high volume. So, that will normalize some of that depreciation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much. PK, I've been thinking a little bit about the business kind of beyond the volume normalization process and in the nearer term, the benefits, your profitability is getting from the structural -- the restructuring program that you've put in place. Is it possible to get a sense from you when you look across your portfolio, which of course is very broad from both a category but a geographic perspective, are there areas that you think that could do with a bit of refreshing on the one hand or on the other hand, maybe structurally challenged in long term might actually be a drag on the growth that you think the business could ultimately produce? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Hi, Richard. I wonder how I can best sort of answer that question you're asking about refreshing certain areas of the portfolio and seeing potential drags on the performance of the business going forward. I got to -- first of all, I got to remind everyone here, the position that I'm in and it's hard for me right now as an interim to sort of formulate the views on the long-term strategy of the Company, which that sort of touches on when you go to the portfolio. But in essence, having said that, I believe that the business should continue to focus on categories that are more attractive than others. And that would be a starting point, that we feel strongly about focusing the business on certain areas that are potentially value-driven, therefore higher margins and offering better growth than others. In Flexibles, the problem is always -- or the challenge is, you can be everything to everybody and that has never really played out. I'm a big fan of focusing the business on those areas that are more attractive to us. Now, the ones that I would call out here as just as examples is the protein category that we've talked about in the past, which breaks out into meat and into dairy, cheese to be a little more specific. We do like coffee or particularly premium coffee. We do like healthcare. While I did say that we're going through the short-term normalization of the business, we like pet food and so on and so forth. So, that's a good starting point. When you sort of go through the portfolio, you may find other categories that are less attractive and that is something that we sort of need to strategically think through. In terms of geographies, I like the exposure of the business between developed and emerging markets. And there, we would want to continue the journey that we've been on. You've seen us make acquisitions also in the past. If I just look at the healthcare business that we acquired in China, the Flexibles business in India, we made an acquisition in Eastern Europe, which is positive, just to mention a few examples. So, I think that's what we're doing. This is the way how we're thinking about it and we need to continue to think about it. And I hope that provides a bit of color to the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie. Your line is open.
John Purtell: Good day, Peter and Michael. I hope you're both well. Look, just a question regarding the flow of volumes through the quarter. Where did the exit rate end at? And if you're able to make any comment on developed markets and emerging markets within that?
Peter Konieczny: Yes, I'm happy to take that question. Look, I'll start out by saying I'm not a big believer in commenting on monthly volume performances because you have big swings in there and you can't really read too much into it. And I think that a quarter is better of an indicator for actual performance. And I would like to stay on that level. So, 1% overall growth in the fourth quarter is a good indication for the momentum that we carry forward into fiscal '25. Now, to the second part of the question, developed markets versus emerging markets, we have in the past quarter seen growth in the emerging markets like you would expect. The developed markets were a little more muted. And what's been encouraging in the fourth quarter is that the developed markets also returned back to growth. And I say that, particularly encouraged by the fact that they also have the large exposure to healthcare, where we have seen continued destocking. So, that's quite encouraging for us. So, again, developed markets performing better. Despite the healthcare destocking, emerging markets continue to grow. And that's the momentum that we carry forward. Hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McDonald with E&P. Your line is open.
Cameron McDonald: Good morning, guys. Just going back to sort of the structural questions that were asked before, we're seeing some changes in preference shift around substrate towards aluminum cans particularly. Is that providing any sort of headwind to the beverages segment that you've got and then -- and/or any of the regulatory changes in the European market that could also be providing a bit of a challenge going forward? If you can comment on those, please.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, happy to do that. I mean, these are two big questions or one big question, maybe another one that I can take first. That's a little easier to answer. Let me go to the beverage question first. Substrates in the beverage side of the business, they do coexist, particularly between aluminum and PET and they both have their place. PET typically is, you see that on the go consumption resealable. And that's where PET sort of finds its home. So, in the different categories on beverage, you find PET or cans coexist or aluminum coexist. There is one category where they both sort of compete with each other. And that would be in the subsegment of CSD on the beverage side. Now, over long periods of time, we have seen pretty much constant share between the two substrates in that category. In the more recent past, given the more discretionary environment that we're looking at, consumers are shifting to the better value option. And those tend to be aluminum cans, which are sold in multi-packs through the big box stores and the channel. And because when you take a look at the price points, they seem to be more attractive. So, in the more recent times, we've seen a bit of a share shift to cans on that end. And then we'll have to see how that plays out as the environment normalizes. But it's not been a big trend for us that significantly impacts the volumes because it's really just this one subcategory. So, that said, to the second part of the question, regulatory developments, which is a different animal, but likewise really important for our business. What we've seen in Europe, particularly the packaging and packaging waste regulations come through, and we are obviously taking a close look at that. This is a regulatory development that we, to be honest with you, welcome, because at the end of the day, all these initiatives try to do one thing and try to accomplish one thing, which is, trying to keep plastic waste out of the environment. And that's much aligned with our targets here as a Company and comes back to our efforts in terms of the sustainability -- or on the sustainability side. The developments there, they help us essentially move the industry faster to an end-point that we're more than happy to support and that we feel we're very well-placed to support. We have made great progress on developing more sustainable products, which are designed to be recyclable. And the regulation that we've seen essentially moves the whole industry to the concept of circularity that we want to support and that we want to get in place. So, we're supportive of the regulatory developments there in Europe, but also elsewhere, and we welcome it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau with MST Financial Services. Your line is open.
Keith Chau: Hi there. Thanks for taking my follow-up. One for Michael, just the restructuring costs seem to have subsided a touch in the fourth quarter. I think there are some restructuring costs to go in FY ‘25, below the line. Just wondering if you can give us a sense, Michael, on what the drag on that will be on cash flow? Thank you.
Michael Casamento: That's okay. Look, we're -- the program was going to be around $170 million in cash-out. We've spent net today around $110 million. So, we've got FY ‘25, we'll pretty much finish the program. So, it's another $60 million-odd to go, which you'd expect to see in the adjusted cash flow.
Keith Chau: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly with UBS. Your line is open.
Nathan Reilly: Pete, I'm just curious, how much spare capacity do you have in the existing manufacturing footprint to respond to demand growth, really just in terms of managing your shift flexibility?
Peter Konieczny: That's a great question, Nathan. You've got to -- you got to distinguish between sort of manned capacity and sort of machine capacity that we have in place. That's the way how sort of we think about it. And on the manned capacity side, we're challenging ourselves in the business really hard to sort of balance that with the actual demand profile as you would expect, right? So, from a manned capacity side, that we were pretty much balanced and that's what we flex, right? When we say we flex, that's what we're flexing. Now if you -- and when you look at the volume development over the more recent past and you know that we've gone through a pretty tough patch here. Obviously, volumes overall have come down and therefore, the machine capacity offers up some headroom for additional volumes, which is encouraging for the future when the volumes come back. But where we do have a challenge as a business then is to flex up again and operationalize essentially the additional machine capacity that we require. Now, there is always -- and that's going to be my last comment on that question, there is always a challenge because the reality is you never have the capacity where you need it. And so, that's -- that never plays out in a perfect world and particularly where we're well-positioned with a compelling value proposition, we are full in terms of our capacity, very oftentimes also from a machine capacity standpoint, but that's something that we need to manage on a tactical day-to-day business.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all-the-time we have for the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Peter Konieczny: Well, look, thanks everybody for the interest in the Company and for joining the call. I think the most important thing for me is to really just go back and to -- go back to the key messages for the call. We really had a strong quarter and we've had good questions, but overall, the Company is I think in a good spot with the momentum that we have developed in the fourth quarter to go into '25. We are pretty good about where we stand and where we sit and pretty good about the guidance that we have out there and we're looking at a good year to come. So, thanks very much for the interest in the call and talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-04-30 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Jay and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor Third Quarter 2024 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining Amcor’s fiscal 2023 third quarter earnings call. Joining today is Peter Konieczny, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, a few items to note. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you’ll find today’s press release and presentation, which we will discuss on this call. Please be aware that we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. Reference can also be made Amcor’s SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. [Operator Instructions] With that, over to you, P.K.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Tracey and thank you to all who have joined us for today’s call. Prior to discussing our third quarter performance, I want to spend a few moments recognizing my predecessor, Ron Delia, and his many accomplishments at Amcor. In the last few years alone, Ron led us through the transformational acquisition and integration of Bemis, the largest acquisition in the company’s history, successfully and safely guided the business through a pandemic and made the difficult and correct decision to divest our business in Russia. And most recently, Ron directed our teams in navigating that particularly challenging economic period. I now will speak for the Board, our global management team and our employees around the world and thanking Ron for his leadership, guidance and dedication during his 18 years with Amcor and 9 years as CEO. I’ve worked closely with Ron, our board and the other members of our executive team over many years to help shape and execute our strategy, and I am honored to take the leadership reigns in an interim capacity at this time. Today, Amcor is the established industry leader in our key markets and geographies, has world class talent and clearly differentiated commercial innovation capabilities, all providing us with multiple opportunities to capture high value growth. Importantly, the business is also well positioned to continue benefiting from the proactive steps taken by our leaders across the company to align the cost base with recent challenging market conditions. The results of those decisive actions were again evident in our third quarter financial performance as we showed strong earnings leverage across the business. Third quarter year-over-year volume performance also improved on a sequential basis, and we expect this trend to continue driving stronger earnings growth as we close fiscal year ‘24. My role right now is to ensure we stay focused and on track and that we capitalize on the strong position we are in to maintain momentum and further accelerate earnings growth. It is a team effort and will drive success. And I am surrounded and supported by credible leaders and talented team players throughout our organization. As seen on Slide 3, my near-term priorities are simple. First, ensure Amcor continues to provide a safe and healthy work environment for our global workforce. Second, stay close to our key stakeholders, including our employees and customers and finish our 2024 fiscal year strongly. After an improved third quarter performance, we are well positioned to do so and we’ve raised our full year guidance today. Third, build on the momentum we have worked hard to deliver across the business and as we work through our planning cycle for fiscal ‘25 set clear priorities to ensure our momentum continues. And fourth, provide stability for the business and keep our teams focused on delivering for all our stakeholders by reinforcing that. Our strategy has not changed, our agenda has not changed, and our priorities have not changed. Moving to Amcor’s Q3 performance, starting with safety on Slide 4. Our commitment to health and safety of our teams remains our number one priority, and we continue to focus on providing a safe and healthy work environment. 72% of our sites have been injury-free for the past 12 months or longer, and we experienced a 19% reduction in injuries compared to the first 9 months of fiscal ‘23. Safety is deeply embedded in Amcor’s culture and is a critical cornerstone of our success. Turning to our key messages for today on Slide 5. First, outperformance in the underlying business resulted in adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter that exceeded the expectations we set out in February. Our Flexibles and Rigid Packaging segment each delivered adjusted EBIT growth, leading to Amcor returning to year-over-year earnings growth a quarter sooner than we anticipated. Improved working capital performance through the year also resulted in a year-to-date increase in adjusted free cash flow. Second, as I mentioned earlier, our third quarter volume trajectory improved significantly on a sequential basis as destocking abated across most end markets, and we experienced higher customer demand in several of our businesses. While this is clearly an encouraging and positive trend, our teams remain highly focused on continuing to control costs and this helped us deliver a third consecutive quarter of improved earnings leverage and a return to earnings growth. Third, our March quarter financial performance and expected further momentum in our fourth quarter gives us the confidence to increase our full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $0.685 to $0.71 per share and reaffirm our guidance for adjusted free cash flow between $850 million and $950 million for the fiscal year. We believe we have turned the corner after a challenging calendar 2023, and we expect our sequential volume and earnings growth trajectories will continue to improve, which is supported by the demand trends experienced across the business in the first weeks of April. Finally, we remain confident in our capital allocation framework and strategy for long-term growth. We believe the strength of our market positions, our opportunities for investment and our execution capabilities, along with our commitment to a compelling and growing dividend, make a convincing investment case for Amcor. Moving to Slide 6 for a summary of our financial results. The first 9 months of fiscal ‘24 continued to reflect significant benefits from our proactive cost actions. Three consecutive quarters of strong operating leverage helped offset the unfavorable impact of 7% lower sales – lower year-to-date sales, leading to a decline in adjusted EBIT of 3%. We believe we’ve reached an inflection point in the trajectory of earnings and volumes with our Q3 results, and we are pleased with our financial results in the March quarter. Better-than-anticipated demand trends and continued strong cost performance resulted in EBIT and earnings per share ahead of our expectations entering the quarter. The underlying business saw a return to profit growth in the third quarter with adjusted EBIT of 3% compared with last year. Volume trends improved as the broad-based destocking experienced in the December quarter abated and customer demand strengthened. Our teams also continue to focus on cost reduction and productivity initiatives and delivered another quarter of outstanding results with approximately $130 million in total cost savings, including approximately $15 million of benefit from structural cost initiatives. These benefits, combined with improving volume trends, resulted in another quarter of improved earnings leverage. Interest and tax expects were modestly higher than the prior year, in line with our expectations and adjusted earnings per share of $0.178, grew by 1%. Q3 net sales were down 6% on a comparable constant currency basis, which primarily reflects overall volumes 4% lower than the prior year. This is predominantly related to expected ongoing weakness, including further destocking in healthcare categories and in the North American beverage business, which collectively represent approximately 3% of Amcor’s total sales. Across the remaining 70% of our business, overall net volumes were relatively flat with last year, a significant improvement compared with the December quarter and the business delivered volume growth across several categories and geographies. Outside of healthcare, we believe destocking is now largely behind us. Price mix for Q3 had an unfavorable impact on sales of approximately 3%, which is a result of greater volume declines in high-margin healthcare categories, which we anticipated and called out last quarter. We continue to return significant cash to shareholders through a compelling and growing dividend and share repurchases, which totaled approximately $570 million through the first 9 months of the year. I’ll turn it over to Michael now to provide some further color on the financials and our outlook.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, PK, and hello, everyone. Beginning with the Flexibles segment on Slide 7 and focusing on our Q3 performance. Net sales for Q3 were down 6%, reflecting an unfavorable pricing impact of 4% and a 2% decline in overall volumes, which was a significant improvement of 8 percentage points compared with the December quarter. As we anticipated and called out last quarter, volumes for healthcare products remained weak and destocking continued, particularly in North America and Europe. In total, healthcare volumes were down double digits, and this had an unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on overall segment volumes and was the primary driver of the 4% unfavorable mix in the quarter. Across the balance of our flexibles portfolio, net volumes grew approximately 1% in the quarter, with growth in several end markets, including meat, pet food, cheese and unconverted film foil, and we also saw growth across a number of emerging markets. Across North America and Europe, third quarter net sales decline a high-single-digit rates and favorably impacted by a mid-single-digit lower volumes and unfavorable price/mix related decline in healthcare categories. Excluding healthcare across these two regions, we saw mid-single volume growth in cheese and a strong sequential improvement in meat and pet care volumes, which were flat and up low-single digits for the quarter, respectively. Across the Asian region, net sales were modestly higher than the prior year. China grew volumes for the third consecutive quarter. And volume growth in Thailand, India and the Philippines also helped offset lower volumes in South East Asian healthcare business. In Latin America, the business delivered good volume growth in Brazil, Mexico and Peru. Q3 adjusted EBIT of $358 million, was 5% higher than last year on a comparable constant currency basis. Strong cost performance through the quarter, including from restructuring initiatives, combined with broadly improving demand trends, led to another quarter of strong earnings leverage, and EBIT margins increased by 170 basis points to 13.8%. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 8. Q3 net sales were 8% lower on a comparable constant currency basis, mainly reflecting lower volumes. While overall volumes were down 8% for the quarter, this represents a meaningful improvement over the December quarter. In North America, overall beverage volumes continue to be impacted by soft consumer and customer demand in Amcor’s key end markets, along with some lingering destocking. Total beverage volumes were down 11%, improving sequentially from the 19% decline we experienced in December quarter, which was impacted by significantly more destocking. Latin America volumes were in line with last year with growth in Brazil and Colombia, offset by weaker demand in Argentina. We are pleased to see the Rigid Packaging business return to earnings growth, with adjusted third quarter EBIT up modestly over last year. Strong earnings leverage resulting from a continued focus on cost reduction and productivity measures and the realization of benefits from restructuring initiatives more than offset lower volumes, leading to an 80 basis point increase in EBIT margins to 8.7% for the quarter. Moving to cash and the balance sheet on Slide 9. Adjusted free cash flow for the first 9 months was approximately $100 million ahead of last year, mainly driven by improved working capital performance and successfully reducing inventory levels for the fifth consecutive quarter. Leverage at 3.4x is broadly in line with the first half and within the range of expected outcomes for the third quarter. As a reminder, the business is cycling through temporary increases in working capital, and trailing 12-month EBITDA remains at lower than historic levels, reflecting the divestiture of our Russian business in December 2022. Looking ahead, we continue to expect leverage will decrease to approximately 3x at the end of our fiscal year, supported by seasonally stronger earnings and cash flow in our fiscal fourth quarter. This brings me to our outlook on Slide 10. As P.K. noted earlier, we are raising our full year guidance for adjusted EPS to $0.685 to $0.71 per share to reflect our performance in the underlying business in the third quarter and our expectation that volumes will continue to improve through the balance of the year. We also remain focused on controlling costs and expect to deliver further savings in Q4, including from our structural initiatives. For fiscal 2024, we continue to expect the underlying business to contribute organic earnings growth in the plus/minus low single-digit range with share repurchases adding a benefit of approximately 2% and favorable currency translation contributing a benefit of up to 2%. This is offset by negative impact of approximately 3% related to the sale of our Russian business in December 2022. The impact of which was all in the first half. We also expect a negative impact of up to 6% from higher interest and tax expense, which takes into account our updated estimate for the full year net interest expense of between $310 million to $320 million. We are confident, we will build on our third quarter performance, and adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter is expected to grow over last year by mid-single digits on a comparable constant currency basis. And overall volumes in the fourth quarter are expected to be down in the low single-digit range, primarily due to ongoing destocking in healthcare categories and continued weak consumer and customer demand in North America beverage. We expect the volume improvement we experienced in the third quarter to continue as we progress through the fourth quarter, which will position us well as we enter fiscal 2025. We have also reaffirmed our guidance range for adjusted free cash flow of $850 million to $950 million for the year. So with that, I’ll hand back to P.K.
Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Michael. In closing, on Slide 11, our Q3 financial results guidance for the balance of the fiscal year and our expectation that we will continue to build earnings momentum in fiscal ‘25 will highlight that Amcor is a very well-positioned business. Amcor’s industry leadership across the globe is well established. Our differentiated innovation capabilities are assisting the world’s best known brands and smaller companies in achieving their objectives to protect, preserve and promote their products while enabling them to meet the sustainability commitments they have made to the stakeholders. And Amcor’s talented employees around the world are capitalizing on growth opportunities in priority categories, emerging markets and through sustainable offerings while also continuing to closely focus on cost controls. We’re confident we will continue to see positive momentum given the actions we have taken and continue to take across our operations to invest in growth, reduce cost and improve productivity. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, my role right now is to ensure we stay focused and on track and that we capitalize on the strong position we are in to maintain momentum and further accelerate earnings growth. The continued safety of our goal will always be at the top of Amcor’s agenda. But a very close second for me right now is to keep our teams focused on delivering for all our stakeholders by reinforcing that our strategy, our agenda and our priorities have not changed. Our Q3 volume trajectory and financial performance underscores our confidence in stronger earnings growth momentum as the challenges we faced in calendar ‘23 are put further behind us. We have raised our full year EPS guidance, and we anticipate delivering mid-single-digit earnings growth in Q4. Our performance in the first few weeks of April supports this expectation. And our commitments to our longer-term growth and value creation strategy gives us line of sight to a return to growth in line with our shareholder value creation model. Operator, we’re now ready to turn the line over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi of Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, guys. How are you? I guess first off, it just sounds like volume surprised you to the upside during your third quarter. Do you think that’s just a function of 2Q coming in lower than forecast just given aggressive year-end inventory destocking by your customers? What do you think this is more of a sustainable improvement that you’re going to build upon as you look out to your fiscal year ‘25? Thanks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, thanks. It’s a great question. I mean there is a couple of things to take away here from the discussion of the quarter. The first one really is that the volumes improved. The second one is that we had great cost performance. And the third one really is that we believe the momentum carries over into the Q4. But let me get back to the volume question. So significant improvement sequentially on volumes from the second to the third quarter, to remind ourselves, second quarter, we were down 10%. Third quarter, we were coming in 4% down versus prior year. And when you look at the 4% that we were down, it pretty much equally split between two drivers. That’s the market impacts. And by that, I mean consumer demand and our exposure to categories and customers. And then the second one is destocking. So that made up the 4% decline. And when you – and another way to look at that is the 4% decline was pretty much all driven by destocking in healthcare and North American beverage. That also means that the balance of the portfolio ended up being pretty flat. And we’re pretty much pleased with this outcome because when you think about it, healthcare and North American beverage is about 30% of our business, that means the balance of the portfolio, 70% came in flat. Now when I take a step back and we look at the third quarter volume performance, now there’s a few things that we take away. The first one is, we saw a bit of unwind of a very strong destocking in the December month. And when we discussed the second quarter, we talked about a pretty strong January. And there was a bit of a question mark around how much of that performance was driven by unwind of the December month. And as we sort of left Q3 behind us, we can confirm that the volumes in January and also February, to a certain extent, benefited from a bit of an unwind in an unusually low December month. So that was the first one. But the second thing that we’ve seen is that our customers perform better. And we talked about that also in the last quarter. The background here is that customers are – particularly large customers are talking more and more and responding more and more towards turning the dial a bit towards a better balance between volumes and margins. So we’ve seen that come through. And then the third one is pretty much what we expected to a certain extent that the destocking would abate. And that pretty much happened with the exception of healthcare and some lingering destocking in North American beverage. So look, that’s pretty much the discussion of the third quarter. But as I have the floor on volumes, let me just make two more comments and breaking it down into the segments here because I think the color is important. In Flexibles, we came from being 10% down in the second quarter to being 2% down in the third quarter. And again, the customer performance sort of drove improved market impact performance and then the destocking significantly abated. And when you look at the Flexibles segment, it was all made up by the healthcare impact in terms of the decline, the balance of the portfolio is flat to even slightly up. And then just one more comment on Rigid and then I’ll stop. Rigid went from 12% down in the second quarter to 8% down in the third quarter, so also an improvement. We continue to see a soft market, but the destocking as significantly rated in Rigids also. So across the board, really, really good improvement. And when you think back to what I discussed, there’s components in where the – that we believe to be sustainable, no question. And that relates to one further abatement of the destocking and second, to good customer performance that we continue – that we believe we will continue to see people.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang of CLSA. Your line is open.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, Peter. Good morning, Michael. Just a question on healthcare. You mentioned healthcare continued to fall double digits in 3Q, which from memory sounds quite similar to the December quarter. Can you comment on whether there was any sequential improvement in 3Q? And just from the visibility of customer stock levels and given the low comps that you should be working with going forward, is it reasonable to expect that first half fiscal year ‘25 to show some improvement in healthcare bond?
Peter Konieczny: Let me help you with healthcare a bit. So the main driver of the healthcare performance really has been the destocking and the destocking sort of abating from Q2 to Q3. I would say, overall, the demand situation has not really changed much in healthcare. So you would see overall healthcare is marginally better between the second and the third quarter. We do expect further improvement in healthcare though because the destocking will further sort of reduce in the fourth quarter. As a matter of fact, when we guide to low single-digit volume decline in the fourth quarter, we would believe that most of that is driven by healthcare – all of that is driven by healthcare. And we don’t really know exactly when the destocking will come to an end. It will certainly sort of stretch into the fourth quarter. Maybe we’ll see a bit of an – we see a bit of an impact also in the first quarter of fiscal ‘25. But that would be as far as I would go with everything that I know at this point in time. Maybe one more thing that I would want to add to is that, again, we’re talking about low single digits decline in volumes in the fourth quarter. But with a further improving trajectory, we’re expecting to exit the fourth quarter flat on volumes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I was hoping to maybe talk a little bit about the operating leverage in the business or lack thereof on the deleverage side just given the profit performance, especially in Flexibles relative to the volume and mix declines you still saw in the period. And hoping to maybe just aggregate a little bit the amount of fixed cost reductions actually realized in the period versus the variable cost kind of efficiencies and productivity gains in the quarter and how kind of durable you think those variable costs and productivity improvements proved to be if volumes start to normalize or how much cost would have to leak into the system to serve incremental volumes from here?
Michael Casamento: Thanks for the question, Adam. I’ll take that. It’s Michael here. Yes, look, on the cost side, we’re really pleased with the cost performance of the business in Q3. We took another kind of $130 million out of cost, which included some benefit from the restructuring program that we’ve got in place. So we now are now starting to see that come through. So that was about $15 million, as expected. And if you just take a step back and think about the cost work we’ve been doing, what are we actually doing? There’s two things that we’re focused on. Firstly, the operational side of the business, the cost productivity and cost flexing in a lower volume environment. And then the second is that structural program that we’ve talked about in response to trying to offset some of the divested Russia earnings. So in the quarter, we saw benefits from both, and we saw that in both the Flexibles and Rigid segment as well. So that was pleasing. And look, on the operational side, what have we been doing, we’ve been really both proactive and aggressive in flexing the cost base. And that’s into account the lower demand environment. So we’ve been certainly eliminating shifts to take labor out where we can, reducing the overtime to take that labor cost out, taking extended shuts when we’re aligning with some of our customers, so we’re going to take extended shuts over long weekends and other things to get the plants fully closed and get the cost out that way. We’re driving procurement. Obviously, in a lower volume environment, that’s also an opportunity for us to drive procurement savings and we’ve been really focused on that, and the team has done really good work there. And we’ve been tightly controlling our discretionary spend. So that’s kind of on the operating side. And then on the structural side, that’s more about plant closures. So we’ve announced seven plant closures and two restructures. And more recently, we’ve actually completed the closure around three or four of those. So we’ve now started to see that benefit flow through as we anticipated. And that program was going to deliver about a $50 million EBIT benefit over the program, $35 million, predominantly in the second half of FY ‘24 and then another $15 million into FY ‘25. And we’re pleased to report that we are now seeing those benefits come through. And in Q3, that contributed $15 million. The majority of that was in Flexibles, but also a few million in Rigid. So again, good cost control in both of those areas. And it’s difficult to determine how much of that is going to stick with the business long-term. But I guess what we would say is that we’ve taken a pretty significant head count out of the business. If you think about the structural cost out, I mean, those structural costs that have come out and they’re permanent. So the $50 million over time that comes through will be permanent. I mean on the procurement benefits, they’ll be sustained. The productivity we’d anticipate over the last several quarters, we’ve improved productivity, improved efficiency, being able to do more with less. So again, we’d expect that to continue. But as the volumes come back, we will have to put labor back into the business, rebuild shifts, but it’s not going to be linear. So we expect that we will continue to see margin improvement. And this will just contribute to Amcor’s ongoing margin enhancement. We typically, over a long period of time, have added 20 to 30 basis points in margin a year. And this program – we’d expect to continue that through the cost measures that we’ve taken here, and you saw that in the quarter. I mean we delivered a 120 basis point increase on the back of volumes improving, but cost take out really strong and the performance there across the business was great. So we feel pretty good about where we’re at. There’s still more cost to come out. You’ll see further benefits from the structural programs in Q4 as well as some ongoing efficiency benefits from the actions we’ve already taken.
Peter Konieczny: And I would add that we’re particularly pleased with the work that’s been done in the Rigid segment here because we acknowledged that the business returned active profit growth in the third quarter on the back of a pretty soft environment still. So that speaks to a good leverage in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell of Macquarie. Your line is open.
John Purtell: Good afternoon, Peter and Michael. I’ll just ask my one. The sequential volume pickup in Flexibles, just from the commentary and the release, so that appeared to mainly come from emerging markets rather than developed markets. So was there much sequential volume improvement in North America and Europe, for example?
Peter Konieczny: Yes, that’s also a great question. So in terms of our country sort of performance or the different regions, you’re right, we saw low single-digit growth in emerging markets in the third quarter, which was obviously pleasing and positive. And on the developed markets, we saw a bigger sequential improvement while we’re still negative in terms of our volume performance versus prior year. Now you got to keep in mind that the bigger markets were the ones that were more heavily hit with inventory builds and now with a normalization, therefore, the destocking. And that would also make sense, particularly with our exposure to healthcare in those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Richard Johnson: Thanks, very much. PK, I think I’m right in saying you pretty much worked in every part of the business, except Rigid. I’d be really interested just to get a sense of how you feel about the strategic positioning of the group overall at the moment, but also particularly focusing on Rigid Plastics, which is perhaps in a slightly different position. And with the backdrop of in the beverage market anyway, other substrates appearing to be recovering a lot quicker than plastics.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Richard, thanks for the question. I mean there is we’re in a particular situation right now with the business. We’ve had a couple of tough quarters behind us with volume weakness. And we’ve worked really hard to position the business as well as possible to take advantage of the volumes improving again. And we believe that’s exactly the situation we’re in right now. So we said in discussing – after discussing the second quarter, we said we feel like the second quarter for the business was below point. And particularly now as we’re having the third quarter an hour back, I think we can confirm that. That’s where we stand. And we believe that we will see a better volume performance in Q4. So that’s the starting point. In that environment, we felt we want to get, first of all, back to the earnings capacity of the businesses that we have without asking strategic questions about the businesses. And we believe, particularly to Rigid Plastics, you’re right. I’ve been around in Amcor a bit, Rigid Plastics, I’ve not managed myself. But when we look at Rigid Plastics, we think it’s a good business strategically. And I’ll give you a couple of views here from my side. First of all, it’s a scale business. It’s business for Amcor. There’s no question about it. And secondly, when you look at the portfolio of the business, it’s actually a number of different businesses under one roof. We – often, we focus very strong in discussing North American beverage, but it’s more than that. We have a specialty containers business. So where we started to diversify, we have a Latin American business and we have a closures business with our [indiscernible] business. So it’s a portfolio of businesses. We have really good industry positions. And across Rigids where we participate, we like the customer relationships that we have with good solid customer relationships. And on top of that, also in the overall context of plastic, we have a strong sustainability profile, particularly in that business, which is really important. And finally, I’ll come back to what I said at the beginning. We’ve done a lot of strengthening in the business and the restructuring, for example, with the footprint optimization that we’ve gone through when we’ve generated a leverage that has enabled us to return the business back to profit growth. So I think where we stand right now is we want to see the volumes come back and then we want to see what the business can deliver. There’s no question that we want the business to deliver more and that’s where I would leave it for now. By the way, I think – I don’t know if you said it’s the Rigid Plastics business or the Rigid Packaging business. Actually, we call the Rigid Packaging business, and it’s just a little clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Wilson of Jarden Australia. Your line is open.
James Wilson: Hey, guys. Good morning. Would you be able to just talk us through the net interest guidance that you guys have put out, particularly what’s driving the lower net interest given that leverage looks unchanged in your guidance? I understand that you’ve had some working capital improvements, but are there anything else that’s driving that?
Michael Casamento: Yes. No, thanks for the question. You saw us we reduced slightly the guidance. Our guidance prior to this quarter was $315 million to $330 million, and we reduced that down to $310 million to $320 million. And look, that’s really just on the back of the timing of the cash flows and the working capital improvements. We saw a little better timing of cash coming into the business, which, as we look at the forecast for the fourth quarter, we can see that and see that there’s a little bit of upside there on the interest cost. So we adjusted the guidance range accordingly. But outside of that, there’s not a lot of to it. No real change in the rate profile or the mix of debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. PK, could you give us a bit more color in terms of some of the trends you’re seeing in Flexibles, in cheese and protein and some of the other key markets. And relatedly, are you seeing your customers perhaps pushing back some of their sustainability targets one of the larger branded companies and what are the implications for you in terms of growth as well? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Sure. So in Flexibles, again, a pretty significant improvement in volumes between Q2 and Q3. I did make a comment earlier in terms of the two main drivers here: market impact. We are pretty much – were flat in the third quarter and the destocking sort of went to low single digits, and it pretty much is the healthcare impact of destocking that drove the volume decline versus prior year and the balance of the portfolio is pretty much flat to slightly growing. Now in terms of the category performance against that, you would remember that we’re driving a couple of priority categories here in the business where we believe we have really differentiated products and a good position in the market and where we like the market dynamics. And those would be healthcare need. You have heard us talk to that protein, protein breaks out and cheese and meat. Hot-fill beverage, obviously, would be one pet food premium coffee. And those are really the five focused categories that we drive. And we have seen, particularly in pet care, meat and cheese, we’ve seen growth in the quarter, which we are pleased with. Now I will say these are green shoots and don’t walk away from the call believing that this is like significant growth numbers. These would be low single digits. So we got to stay bolted here. But we like what we see, and we’d love to see a little more. Maybe a little more color here on cheese, as you particularly asked North America and Europe, we would be up also on the basis of less destocking. Meat, also less destocking and some regional wins that we have seen. Sorry, I just want to take the other part of the question, which was just check my notes here on the sustainability side and targets being pushed out and the effect on our business. Look, we follow the discussions closely. Actually, we are part of the conversations. And of course, we noticed that some industry participants have started to think about resetting their targets for their sustainability initiatives. At the end of the day, we are talking about essentially putting circularity in place, a circular economy for plastic, which will be the critical initiative to keep plastic waste out of the environment. That requires a lot of things that have to come together, and we are going to have to work together. Nobody can do that alone. And I think the understanding in the industry right now is after having worked very closely on the topic that it may make a little – take a little more time to get to the targets that we have set years ago. I mean I don’t know if you particularly think about Unilever, who has come out with pushing the targets backwards. But they were the first ones to come out and make a commitment, and that was sort of in 2017, if I have that correctly in my mind. And over the years, they have learned a lot, and the industry has learned a lot. So, I think it’s a matter of additional realism to just simply [Technical Difficulty] what they are saying. Now, in terms of Amcor, we have made a pledge in 2018, we are the first packaging company out there to pledge that will make 100% of our packaging recyclable and reusable or compostable by 2025, and we are pretty much around the corner. We do not have the need to push our targets out at this point in time. We are making really good progress because we have, at this point in time, roughly 90% of our packaging portfolio in recycle-ready structures or we have those alternatives available, and we are ready to sell them to customers when they want them. So, everybody needs to do their piece. We are holding on to our targets right now. We don’t think that it means anything to us that others are pushing their targets out. We are very committed to our sustainability targets. Like the industry is, particularly our big customers are particularly Unilever is. So, we continue to drive that with full force.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell of Barrenjoey. Your line is open.
Brook Campbell: Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just with respect to trajectory in the business, this financial year has been better than expected. In the third quarter, you saw some EPS good versus back in Feb, the expectation was for the third quarter to be down a bit at EPS. And despite this, you have kept your fourth quarter EPS growth at mid-single digits, which is unchanged. So, my question really is, why wouldn’t the better performance for the first three quarters continue into the fourth quarter? Any reasons what’s holding you back from upgrading that fourth quarter expectation would be great? Thanks.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks. Brook, it’s Michael here. I can take that one for you. So yes, look, we finished Q3 with EPS growth, which was really pleasing. And that was on the back of a couple of things, slightly better volumes really coming out of that December period as P.K. touched on earlier. When we look our way through January, clearly, we saw an improved performance and some of that was relating to some of the unwind out in December. We weren’t 100% sure on how that might translate for the rest of the quarter. And what we saw in February was some more unwind clearly from December, which helped improve the performance in the March quarter and led to us being able to deliver EPS growth, which was really pleasing. So, you have seen us increase the full year guidance. We have taken the full year guidance to $0.685, $0.71, so an increase there. That’s really on the back of that improved performance in Q3. In Q4, we are still expecting sequential improvement, both in volumes and profit. And clearly, the driver of that, we are going to see that sequential improvement in the volume really held back by the continued destocking in healthcare. That’s really the key point that’s holding the volumes back in Q4 as P.K. touched on. That in itself has some unfavorable mix, which we have talked to in the past. So, that will continue into Q4, although start to abate and certainly down favorable mix from healthcare will unwind as volumes start to normalize into the future there. But Q4 is still expecting good cost out, good leverage through the P&L from that cost initiative as well as the structural piece, adding through there. And we are also expecting the earnings trajectory to improve to that mid-single digit. We get benefits from the Q4, the absorption in Q4, which is seasonally our biggest quarter as well. So, we feel pretty good about where the outlook is for Q4. We have confidence in delivering within that range. What we have seen in the early parts of April confirmed the volume outlook, so we feel confident there. And we just felt that we didn’t need to get ahead of ourselves at this point in time. Clearly, we have given you a range. We have given the marketing range. So, that’s a reasonable range in Q4. And if the volumes come in a little better than what we are expecting, then, clearly, that’s one way that the outcome for the full year could get towards the upper end of the range, along with cost and let’s see where raw materials impact as well. So, overall, I would say we feel pretty good about where we have landed in Q3 and what’s ahead of us in Q4 to deliver a good year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau of MST. Your line is open.
Keith Chau: Good afternoon Peter and Michael. Peter, a question just around the PPWR that was voted into European Parliament earlier in this month, can you give us a sense of what Amcor is planning with respect to any changes to the regulation around plastics in the European Union? I know there is some impacts that are expected to the, I guess a headwind for the plastics industry in Europe by 2030. But just we came to hear your views on whether you think there is a headwind for the Amcor flexibles business? And if there are any mitigation strategies that are being put in place or whether Amcor is planning ahead to mitigate those headwinds? Thank you.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. It’s also a great question and obviously falls into our sustainability strategy. Look, I will start out by saying that we are very supportive of regulatory and legislative developments that sort of drive the whole industry to this circular economy for plastic. And as such, the PPWR is actually welcomed from – by Amcor and from Amcor because I think we are making – we are creating an environment that allows us and the whole industry to make more progress into that direction. Again, everybody has a role to play. We are sitting in the value chain at pretty much the start. Our job is to come up with structures for plastic packaging that are recycle-ready that can be recycled. And I said a little earlier that we are making really good progress in hitting our targets by the end of 2025. So, when customers want to have these structures, we are ready to provide them to the extent we are not doing that already today, right. So, these – many of these cycle ready structures are commercial. And by creating a regulatory environment, everybody gets level set. And we can work with certainty in certain directions in order to support the business and help the very efficient and high-performance packaging substrate, find its place also in the context of sustainability. I mean there is a place for plastic here. And we got to remind ourselves why we have so much plastic packaging. It’s because it’s a very efficient and high-performing substrate. The challenge is end of life. The circular economy addresses that and regulation that gets us into that direction is welcomed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McDonald of E&P. Your line is open.
Cameron McDonald: Good morning. Question for Michael, if I can, just going back to the interest rate guidance. Can you remind us of what your hedging profile actually looks like? There was – obviously, last year, you had some significant interest rate exposure. And my understanding is that, that was mainly due to hedging and the exposure to floating rates. So, as interest rate expectations have been rather volatile in the last month or so, how do we think about your hedging profile in that and the exposure to that changing interest rate environment into FY ‘25, please?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think – look, the first point we could start, the debt profile today is about 70% fixed, 30% floating. With that, we have no maturities coming off now until the middle of 2025. So, from that respect, we have got a bit of flexibility in how we can manage the debt book and the interest exposure. As you look forward, we haven’t provided any guidance for FY ‘25. But clearly, we have given you some guidance for ‘24. If you look at our debt profile and then you look at some of the forward curves over the next 12 months or so, we are not expecting a material movement in our interest expense just based on the debt profile we have and the maturities that we have got coming. So, we have got some flexibility to work through how we manage that debt book and that currency exposure as well. So, when you put all that together, we don’t see any material change or impact on the interest expense as we look forward into ‘25. But we will provide you further guidance on that in August when we provide the full year guidance for FY ‘25 at that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Longo of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Anthony Longo: Hey. Good afternoon Peter and Michael. Just a quick one on destocking you spoken about that a fair bit already. But how are you ultimately thinking about the restocking cycle in light of as some of the early positive customer discussions that you have had to-date? And ultimately, what does that inform the top line growth expectations from here? I appreciate there is no guidance, but just how you are thinking about that and philosophies around your customers’ inventory management from here as well?
Peter Konieczny: Look, I will start and then maybe Michael wants to build on it. The way that we look at this is the destocking that we are seeing currently is really a correction of the industry of holding too much inventory after a pretty volatile environment, which was driven by partly supply chain shocks that we have seen in the industry sort of de-risking and protecting their top line by building inventory and then there are other reasons. But anyway, what we are seeing right now is that the industry is normalizing across the categories. We see healthcare a little bit delayed because that’s a very conservative industry, and they probably built more because of the dynamics over the last couple of years. And now they have – they are starting to be confident, again, in the environment so that they can also reduce their inventory levels again to a normal level. Now, the new normal is probably different from what it was before holding cost of inventories because of interest rates drive that down further. The industry is looking at new efficiency levels in terms of running inventories, and that’s what we are going through right now. Going forward, we will see changes in inventory, but those will be tactical or they will go along with the seasonality of the business. So, I would not think about it as there was a trend to restocking. The industry is coming down to a new normal and everything that we see from there is going to be tactical or following the seasonality of the different businesses. So, that’s how I think about it. And therefore, once we have this extraordinary impact behind us, and we will see with our category and customer exposure and then also – hopefully going forward, also a renewed and stronger consumer interest and demand, we will see top line growth.
Tracey Whitehead: Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from the line of Andrew Scott of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Andrew Scott: Thank you. Michael, just a question for you, $40-odd million of below the line items there, I see the restructuring charges up relative to last quarter. Can you talk to us just two things, cash versus non-cash there? And when do we get line of sight to maybe seeing an end of these below the line items?
Michael Casamento: Look, Andrew, the main items in the quarter are really around the restructuring program, which we have had in there for the last 12 months or so. That program is pretty much two-thirds of the way through. We have now started to see the benefits come through from that program. You might remember, we committed to invest around $170 million in cash. We have spent on that program to-date about $110 million. So, we have still got $50 million to $60 million to go. But we are starting to see the benefits come through from that, so we are pretty pleased about the progress. And really by the end of the calendar year, we would expect to be most of the way through that program. So, that’s the way we see it from there. And as I said, we are pleased that we are now getting the benefits of $15 million in the quarter came through and we will expect to build on that in quarter four and then into ‘25. So, pretty pleased with where the program is at and it’s on track.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Thank you, operator. Look, thank you everybody for the interest in the company. The only thing that I want to say here before we close the call is we are pretty pleased with the way how the Q3 turned out for us. I hope we were able to demonstrate that we – this was based on a broad-based volume improvement that we have seen in the business, combined with really some good cost performance in the third quarter. That also has impacted our margin performance. And more importantly, we believe that we have some underlying momentum here in order to – that will carry into Q4. So, we are very pleased with the situation we are in. We are going to take advantage of the momentum. And with that, we are going to close the call, and we are going to talk to each other again at the end of the fiscal year. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-02-06 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christa and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor's First Half and Second Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Tracey, you may begin your conference.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone, for joining Amcor's fiscal 2024 first half and second quarter earnings call. Joining today is Ron Delia, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we will discuss on this call. Please be aware that we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates and reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and one follow-up and then rejoin the queue if you have additional questions. With that, over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks Tracey and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's second quarter and first half results for fiscal 2024. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. As seen on Slide 3, our focus on safety remains unwavering, and our significant commitment to providing a safe and healthy work environment continues to be rewarded. 70% of our sites have been injury-free for the past 12 months or longer, and we've experienced a 17% reduction in injuries when compared to the first half of fiscal 2023. Safety is deeply embedded in Amcor's culture and is the number one priority for our global teams. Turning to our key messages on Slide 4. First, our reported earnings per share for the second quarter and first half were modestly better than the expectations we set out in October and improved working capital performance helped drive a year-over-year increase of more than $100 million in adjusted free cash flow. Second, our financial performance through the half was supported by strong and proactive, focus on controlling costs. This helped us offset second quarter volumes that were a couple of percentage points lower than we anticipated. Our teams around the world continue to respond doing an excellent job proactively taking further cost actions. Third, our first half financial performance puts us on track to deliver against our full year guidance, which we are again reaffirming today. Relative to the first half, we believe Q2 was the low point for earnings growth and we continue to expect the trajectory of adjusted EPS growth to improve through the second half of fiscal 2024, including delivering mid-single-digit adjusted earnings growth in the fourth quarter. Our confidence is supported by our improved earnings leverage as well as a number of known factors we'll cover in more detail later that will benefit earnings through the second half of the fiscal year. Additionally, our volume trajectory has improved generally through January and this underpins our confidence that Q2 marked the low point for volumes. Finally, we remain confident in our long-term growth and value creation strategy and in our ability to deliver a combination of strong earnings growth and a compelling and growing dividend. The strength of our market positions, execution capabilities, and consistent capital allocation framework collectively continue to make a compelling investment case for Amcor. Moving to Slide 5 for a summary of our financial results. Organic sales on a comparable constant currency basis were down 8% for the half and 10% for the quarter. Price/mix benefits were around 1% for the first half and flat in the second quarter, reflecting moderating inflation, which resulted in reduced pricing actions by our teams. Volumes were down 9% for the first half and down 10% for the December quarter. Second quarter volumes were modestly lower than our October expectations, with the main difference being an acceleration of destocking, especially in the month of December. First half and December quarter adjusted EBIT was $709 million and $352 million, respectively, modestly above our expectations. On a comparable constant currency basis, declines of approximately 6% in both periods reflect lower volumes, partly offset by benefits related to decisive and proactive cost actions taken across our businesses in response to evolving market dynamics. In total, our actions reduced costs by more than $200 million in the first half compared to last year, with a reduction of more than $130 million achieved in the second quarter. Adjusted EPS was $0.313 and $0.157 per share respectively, also modestly above our earlier expectations. For both periods, this would count 10% on a comparable basis, reflecting lower adjusted EBIT and the unfavorable impact of higher interest costs. Working capital improvement remains a focus and helped drive free cash flow for the first half, well ahead of the same period last year and in line with our expectations. And we returned approximately $390 million of cash to shareholders in the first half through a combination of share repurchases and a growing dividend, which has increased to $0.125 per share. I'll turn it over now to Michael to provide some further color on the financials and our outlook.
Michael Casamento: Thanks Ron and hello everyone. Beginning with the Flexibles segment on Slide 6. Year-to-date, net sales on a comparable constant currency basis were 8% lower, which largely reflects weaker volumes. Volumes were down 9%, mainly due to lower market and customer demand and accelerated destocking. In North America, first half net sales declined at high single-digit rates, driven by lower volumes in categories, including meat, liquid beverage and healthcare, which more than offset growth in the condiments, snacks and confectionery categories. In Europe, net sales declined at low double-digit rates, driven by lower volumes, partly offset by price/mix benefits. Volumes were lower in snacks, coffee, healthcare, and in unconverted film and foil. This was partly offset by higher confectionary volumes. Across the Asian region, net sales were modestly higher than the prior year. Volume growth in Thailand, India, and China helped offset lower volumes in the Southeast Asian healthcare business. In Latin America, net sales declined at high single-digit rates, driven by lower volumes mainly in Chile and Mexico, partly offset by growth in Brazil. First half adjusted EBIT was 5% lower than last year on a comparable constant currency basis, as a result of lower volumes, partly offset by favorable price/mix benefits and ongoing actions taken to lower costs, increased productivity, and strengthen operating cost performance. EBIT margin of 12.6% was comparable to prior year despite a 50 basis point unfavorable comparison related to the sale of our Russian business last year. For the December quarter, reported sales were down 9% on a comparable constant currency basis, and price/mix was relatively neutral compared with last year. Volumes were down 10% in the quarter, reflecting continued soft market and customer demand. Destocking also continued through the quarter, accelerating in the month of December and was particularly impactful in healthcare where volumes were lower than last year by double-digits. In response to market dynamics, the business continued to take decisive cost actions, focusing on operating efficiencies, delivering procurement benefits, limiting discretionary spend, and advancing structural cost reduction initiatives. This resulted in another quarter of strong performance, partly offsetting weaker volumes with adjusted EBIT declining 5% on a comparable constant currency basis. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 7. Year-to-date net sales on a comparable constant currency basis were 8% lower, with price/mix contributing around 1%. Volumes were down 9% for the first half, with lower volumes in North America, partly offset by growth in Latin America. In North America, overall beverage volumes for the first half were 14% lower than last year, including a 13% reduction in hot fill beverage container volumes due to lower consumer and customer demand and added levels of destocking through the first half. In Latin America, volumes grew mid-single-digit rates with new business wins in Brazil, Peru, and Colombia, partly offsetting lower volumes in Mexico. Adjusted EBIT was 9% lower than last year on a comparable basis. reflecting lower volumes, partly offset by price/mix benefits and favorable cost performance. For the December quarter, net sales were also down 10% on a comparable constant currency basis. Price/mix contributed around 2% and volumes were down 12% for the quarter, reflecting lower volumes in North America, partly offset by new business wins, driving mid-single-digit growth in Latin America. Overall, North American beverage volumes were 19% lower for the quarter, reflecting a high single-digit decline from destocking as some of our customers took action to significantly reduce inventories in both hot fill and cold fill categories. Volumes were also impacted in the high single-digit range by incrementally softer consumer and customer demand in Amcor's key end markets. In addition, we had net new business wins in the hot fill category, which partly offset a loss in cold fill as we elected not to retain volumes that fell short of our profitability threshold. Second quarter adjusted EBIT declined by 12%, reflecting lower volumes, partly offset by benefits from continuing to proactively manage costs, including realizing labor savings by taking more plant shutdown days to better align capacity with market dynamics, as well as driving procurement benefits. Moving to cash and the balance sheet on Slide 8. As Ron covered earlier, adjusted free cash flow for the half came in more than $10 million ahead of last year with our teams continuing to make progress against our priority to reduce inventories and driving capital increments across the board. Our financial profile remains solid with leverage at 3.4 times, and broadly in line with the first quarter and where we expected it to be as we cycle through temporary increases in working capital and given trailing 12-month EBITDA now fully reflects the divestiture of our Russian business. Looking ahead, we continue to expect leverage will decrease to approximately 3 times at the end of our fiscal year, supported by seasonally stronger earnings and cash flow in the second half. This brings me to our outlook on Slide 9. As Ron mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our full year guidance for adjusted EPS of $0.67 to $0.71 per share. We continue to expect the underlying business to contribute organic earnings growth in the plus or minus low single-digit range, with share repurchases adding a benefit of approximately 2%, and favorable currency translation contributing a benefit of up to 2%. This is offset by a negative impact of approximately 3% related to the sale of our Russian business in December 2022, the impact of which was all in the first half. We also expect a negative impact of approximately 6% from higher interest and tax expense, which takes into account our estimate for full year net interest expense of between $315 million to $330 million, which is modestly lower than where we were forecasting last quarter. Our full year tax rate expectations are unchanged in the range of 18% to 20%. In relation to phasing, we believe that December quarter marks the low point in terms of Amcor's earnings growth and volume declines. January volumes have improved, following heavy customer destocking in December and while we expect market dynamics to remain volatile in the near-term, our volume trajectory is expected to continue to improve through the balance of the year. We anticipate Q3 volumes will be down in the mid-single-digit range and expect fourth quarter volume declines in the low single-digit range. Taking into account offsetting benefits from cost reduction initiatives and a reduced headwind from higher interest costs compared with last year, we expect third quarter adjusted EPS to be down mid-single-digits on a comparable constant currency basis and for the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted EPS to increase by mid-single-digits over the prior year. And Ron will talk through the factors that support this return to growth shortly. Adjusted free cash flow continues to trend better than last year as we expected and we are again reaffirming our guidance range of $850 million to $950 million for our fiscal 2024 full year, which will be up to $100 million higher compared with last year. Our plan to repurchase at least $70 million of Amcor shares in 2024 is unchanged and we continue to pursue value-creating M&A opportunities. With that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks Michael. Prior to opening the call to questions, I want to provide additional insights into our outlook for the balance of the year as well as a reminder of the key components comprising our longer-term model for driving shareholder value. Looking first at the balance of fiscal 2024. As I referenced earlier and as highlighted on Slide 10, there are a number of key factors already known to us that give us confidence our earnings trajectory will improve through the second half of the fiscal year. First, the earnings headwind related to the sale of our business in Russia is now fully behind us, eliminating an unfavorable comparative that impacted reported earnings throughout calendar 2023. Second, while second half interest expense is expected to be higher than last year, the magnitude of the headwind from the rapid rate increases over the past 18 months begins to abate as we move through the balance of the year. Third, we have benefits from structural cost savings of $35 million in the second half with an additional $15 million to benefit fiscal 2025. These savings are primarily related to plant closures as we optimize our global footprint. And fourth, earnings leverage has improved due to our commitment to take proactive actions to align our cost structure with evolving market dynamics. This includes eliminating shifts to take out labor reducing over time, driving procurement, and maintaining tight control of discretionary spend. In total, over the last 12 months, we reduced headcount by more than 2,000 full-time employees or approximately 5% of our workforce with more than 1,000 of these reductions taken out in the first half of fiscal 2024. From an earnings perspective, operating costs were lower by more than $200 million in the first half of fiscal 2024 compared with the prior period and more than $100 million of this cost reduction was delivered in the second quarter, which is almost double the approximately $70 million delivered in the first quarter. The result has been and will continue to be improved earnings leverage, which we've achieved this financial year-to-date despite significantly lower volumes. As Michael mentioned, we are off to a better start in January and are confident Q2 marks the low point for earnings growth and volume declines and with our overall trajectory expected to improve as we move to the balance of the year. To sum up, we're confident the positive earnings impact from multiple known factors will drive improved momentum in the second half of fiscal 2024, including delivering mid-single-digit earnings growth in our fiscal fourth quarter. Importantly, we're not assuming an improving consumer demand environment and we'll continue to be proactive in taking actions to ensure our cost base and pricing strategies reflect market conditions. Moving to Slide 11. As we look beyond the second half of this fiscal year, these known factors will serve as important building blocks supporting a return to delivering against our shareholder value creation model, through a combination of strong earnings growth and a compelling and growing dividend, currently yielding 5%. The starting point in creating value will always be growing the business and over the last 10 years, we've averaged 8% growth in adjusted earnings per share. As you can see on this slide, we have multiple drivers of margin accretive growth, each with significant opportunity over the longer term. We will also continue to enhance our ability to grow in these areas through stepping up CapEx over a multiyear period and executing on strategic M&A. As volumes normalize and improve, these generally faster growing and higher value growth areas will represent a larger proportion of sales becoming increasingly stronger contributors to earnings. And when we return to a more normalized volume growth environment, this combination of improved mix and the proactive steps we've taken to optimize our cost base, positions Amcor well to again deliver strong earnings growth in line with our long track record. To close on Slide 12, we're executing well to deliver against the earnings and cash flow expectations we set coming into fiscal 2024. Our teams are being proactive as market dynamics evolve and focusing on the controllables to take additional cost out where appropriate. We have line of sight to mid-single-digit earnings growth in Q4 and our commitment to our longer-term growth and value creation strategy positions us well to deliver on our shareholder value creation model when the volume environment normalizes. Operator, with those opening remarks, we're now ready to turn the line over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey guy, good day. I guess, first off on the volume declines across the portfolio, which looks like it's about six quarters of negative year-over-year volumes at this point. Obviously, you're not the only ones, but there's been quite a bit of chatter on your customer set all the way down to retailers about increased promotional spending. Just curious as to whether you're starting to see direct science of that at the point? And if so, which categories, food, beverage, consumer staples, et cetera?
Ron Delia: Yes, Look, Ghansham, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll just mention the volume declines at a high level first and then come back to your question about signs of promotions or more aggressive commercial activity on the behalf of the customers. Firstly, I think where there's overlap, we're not really seeing any differences compared to others. So, that would be the first thing I would say. I think our 10% total decline in the quarter is about 2% worse than we expected going into the quarter. So, we weren't actually expecting a much different outcome. Things did track according to those original expectations in October and November, where we were kind of declining high single-digits. December, we saw a really accelerated destocking, which accounted for the incremental softness in which we more than offset to deliver the profit. So, that's kind of the starting point. Now, January, as we've alluded to, was much better. We've seen improvement in most of our businesses versus H1. And it really underpins our view that Q2 was the low point and it really underpins our Q3 and Q4 expectations. And maybe just to continue and round it out a bit in terms of unpacking the decline roughly by driver, roughly half of our 10% decline, sort of mid-single-digits was related to market impacts. This is a combination of consumer demand, customer, and segment mix. And roughly half or another mid-single-digit contribution was from destocking and that's pretty much the same in both the Flexibles and Rigid Packaging segments. By geography, emerging markets broadly flat. Asia up modestly, Latin America down modestly. But the developed markets is where we've been especially soft with Europe a little bit weaker versus North America. And another way to think about it, just to sort of close off here is of the 10% decline in the quarter, more than 50% of that decline comes from our global healthcare business and our North American beverage business, both of which have experienced the most significant destocking. So, we've had a concentration of impact from those two parts of the business. On the other hand, there are categories growing in some regions, confectionery in North America and Europe; condiments and cheese and coffee in North America and Latin America; beverage in Latin America. So, there are places where the business is growing. Now, to your point, specifically about signs of promotional activity or changing pricing strategies, there is a lot of talk about that. As you rightly pointed out, we hear that from a lot of customers, both publicly and privately and we're seeing a little bit of that start to take place in the marketplace. But to be honest, we haven't seen that as any kind of a tailwind yet for our volume performance. And our outlook doesn't infer, it doesn't imply, or it doesn't assume that we're going to see any benefit from the market in the second half either. And so we'll sort of wait and see on whether or not the pendulum swings a bit between price and volume.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, terrific. And just for my follow-up on that, on the healthcare destocking, is that just a function of having been destocked? Are you seeing it now versus a little bit later than the other categories? Or is there something unique to the time line associated with the healthcare destocking?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think it is a bit unique. It's really -- the markets have been soft, but the healthcare weakness is really a story of destocking and it's been significant in both medical device packaging and pharmaceutical packaging. And it's been pervasive and consistent around the world, the stocking in healthcare. It's really a multiyear story. It's been a multiyear journey here for healthcare, which is ironic because it's been one of the most consistent businesses we've had for a long period of time, and we would expect the returns to that level of consistency. But over the last several years, going back to even COVID, where we had really constrained demand, then very strong demand on reopening, but severe supply constraints, severe supply constraints and raw material shortages on things ranging from specialty foils and resins and papers. So, coming out of what would have been our fiscal 2022, which led really to customers building stocks to ensure supply during our fiscal 2023. And we had extraordinary volume in fiscal 2023 as a result of customers really buttressing their supply chains and derisking their supply chains by building up stock. Now, we have customers sitting on substantial inventories of a range of products from medical gloves to device packaging and pharmaceutical packaging, et cetera. And we started to see destocking, which actually really started in Q1. We flagged it last quarter, but accelerated significantly in Q2. And we would expect that it's likely to continue certainly through Q3 and possibly into Q4. So, it is a bit later stage. I think in some other categories, we've seen signs that there might be that destocking has abated and we're closer to the end of the beginning. I think in healthcare, it's been a later-stage story.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Longo from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Longo: Good day Ron, good day Michael. Just a quick one on the cost savings. So, in the face of the volume declines that you did see throughout the first half and particularly that last quarter, and do take your comments on January and thereafter. But I just want to get a sense as to what the outlook looks like for cost savings going forward? And how you're still going to manage that declining volume environment with margin growth? What you have tabled thus far, but is there anything over and above that, that you can achieve?
Michael Casamento: Yes sure. I'll take that one, Anthony. So, look, on the cost out, there's two things that we're really doing here. So, -- the first is in response to the soften underlying volume demand. So, on that front, we've clearly taken proactive and aggressive approaches to the cost flexing and really focusing down on productivity gains and discretionary spend. So, for the first half, we took out more than $200 million in cost in relation to that and it accelerated through the half. In the first quarter, it was about $70 million in the second quarter, kind of $130 million. And we're achieving that by taking out really flexing the cost base in relation to the volume and demand environment. So, we're able to take out entire shifts. We're able to take out labor, reduce over time. We're driving the procurement benefits, particularly in this low demand environment and really tightening up on the discretionary spend. So, that will continue as we continue to flex through the volumes. But obviously, as volumes improve, some of that cost -- and it's difficult to say, but some of that cost will go back in as we build the shift patterns up. But we wouldn't expect that to be linear. I think you'll see us have better leverage there as we work through the second half because of the way we've learned to operate with some of that lower cost and improve the efficiencies there. So, that's really on the operating cost side. And then secondly, we are taking cost out structurally. So, in parallel, we're advancing the structural cost reduction initiatives that we've talked about on the back of the divested Russia earnings. That's mainly plant closures and it's around up to 10 across the globe and in both segments. To-date, we've announced seven closures and two restructures. And recently, actually, two to three of those plants have closed. So, we did start to see a little bit of benefit from that program as we exited the first half. But we're right on track to deliver the $35 million benefit in the second half from that program and then a further $15 million in FY 2025. So, really, that's the approach we've taken to the cost-out agenda and part of it is structural and part of it's ongoing.
Anthony Longo: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. This is actually [Indiscernible] sitting in for George. He had a conflict this evening. So, just going off that, are you able to comment at all how much of that temporary cost saving might ultimately end up being permanent and structural costs that are taken out of the business?
Michael Casamento: Look, it's difficult to say, as I just mentioned, -- what I can tell you is that things like procurement, there will be permanent savings. The operating cost out that we've taken out of the fixed base will be permanent. And the structural program is obviously permanent cost savings that come out of the business. On the flexing of the cost base, again, it's really dependent on the volume. We think we're much more efficient today. We've been able to proactively act to take labor out of the business overall versus prior year. We've taken nearly 2,000 heads out of the business and about 1,000 since June. So, in total, that's about 5% of the works. As the volumes come back online, as I mentioned, we will have to increase some of that, but it's not going to be linear. And we will manage that really tightly and we feel we've got good leverage out of that today, and we are more efficient. And so you'll see us continue to get leverage as we move forward in that. And really, that's going to contribute to the long-term margin benefits that we've typically gained of 20 to 30 basis points a year in our business. So, you should see that continue to contribute to that on the longer term.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it. And I appreciate all the color on that and on the volumes. But I guess you said volumes kind of came in lower than you were anticipating. So, what ultimately gives you comfort in the guidance for the year? Is it really that cost-out component and some of the other factors you talked to?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a couple of things. Firstly, on volumes, we're not anticipating any rebound in the consumer or any big improvements in the market. But we do expect that destocking will abate as we work our way through the half. I mean, certainly, a portion of the destocking that we saw in December was certainly year end optimization, that's not going to repeat, right? We do believe we're going to see continued destocking in healthcare and North American beverage. But for the other categories, we're starting to see some evidence that the destocking is abating. So, that's one thing. January also was much better. So, we had much better January relative to the first half from a volume perspective. And so we feel like -- we feel pretty confident in underwriting the growth -- the volume assumptions for the rest of the year. And then in terms of the profit, as Michael alluded to, we're going to continue to -- we've got a number of known benefits, which I rattled through in the opening remarks, but it starts with better operating leverage because we've gotten a lot of costs out of the business and as volumes come back, we're not going to add that cost back one for one, plus the buildup and the momentum on the structural cost side, which, again, will build through the second half with the benefits from plant closures and the like. So, several things that give us confidence in the improving trajectory of earnings through the second half, but none of them have to do with the real dramatic improvement at the consumer level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Seow from Citi. Please go ahead.
Sam Seow: Morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. But you talked about some of your volumes coming in modestly below expectations and just thinking about your balance sheet, I'm not saying it's going to happen, but just trying to get a feel of what kind of fourth quarter volumes lead you outside of your range at the full year, assuming all other things equal?
Ron Delia: Sam, are you still there?
Sam Seow: Yes. Can you hear me?
Ron Delia: Yes. You broke up there for a second. You broke up right at an important part of your question, which is about fourth quarter volumes.
Sam Seow: Yes. Just try to get a feel of what kind of fourth quarter volumes there would leave you outside in your range at the full year, assuming all other things equal.
Michael Casamento: You mean the guidance range of $67 million to $71 million, is that right?
Sam Seow: No, no, the 3 times leverage?
Ron Delia: Okay. So, look, we're confident in the cash flow trajectory of the business in the second half. So, we're going to be delevering from here will be at approximately 3 times at the end of June. We're pretty comfortable that, that's the path we're on here. In terms of volumes, the expectation for volumes that underwrites the EBIT growth in the second half or the EBITDA delivery in the second half is for mid-single-digit decline in the third quarter and a low single-digit decline in the fourth quarter. There's a bit of -- there's a range around that. And the impact on EBITDA and then therefore on leverage is pretty broad. So, we don't anticipate volumes being a major driver of us not getting to approximately 3 turns at the end of June.
Sam Seow: Okay. Thanks for that. And I guess just following on -- I mean, looking forward, generally, you have lower cash flow in the first half due to seasonality. I think if you do finish at that 3 turns like your guidance, would you expect to be outside of your range again in first half 2025? Is that the new norm now going forward?
Michael Casamento: Look, I think just to answer your question on that front. If you take where we are right now at this particular point in time, it's a pretty unique point in time because there's two factors that are really impacting the leverage right now. We're at 3.4 times, which is right where we expected to be at this time of the year in this situation. And it's really driven by the divestment of the Russia business. So, we're now fully lapping 12 months earnings out of the business from that. So, from here, we don't lap that anymore. We head more into more normal earnings trajectory and growth. And that's about 0.2 turn of leverage. And then the second point is really around elevated working capital levels. So, we have been carrying elevated working capital levels over the last 12 to 18 months. We've started to work our way through that. And the teams have done a good job in the last 12 months of inventory where we've taken inventory out of the system about $500 million. And that certainly contributed to the cash flow improvement in the first half of this year where we're $100 million ahead of prior year already. But we are still being impacted. We're not getting the full benefit of that inventory reduction because our payables are much lower. So, in this environment, where we've seen demand softness and destocking, clearly purchases are well down and in turn, our payables are down. So, we -- probably, we've still got another sort of $200 million to work through from a cash flow improvement on the back of working capital. And we're really targeting a working capital to sales range of in between that 8% to 9% working capital to sales and right now, we're at 9.8% on a trailing 12-month basis. So, when you put those two items together, leverage at this time of the year would normally be in the more of the 3 times range. And typically, in the second half, the seasonality would take kind of a 0.25 turn of the leverage. So, we'll get us back into that 2.5 to 3 times range. So, as we look forward, that's where we would expect to be in a more normal base. But as I said, we're in a little bit of a unique period of time and from here, we do expect improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone, or evening I should say.
Ron Delia: Hey Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hey. So, I guess the first question just going on the volume side and just thinking about some of the end markets. And Ron, you gave some good color in the prepared remarks. One of the areas where Amcor has been investing more aggressively has been in the protein space. Can you talk about kind of incremental business wins that you're actually achieving there relative to maybe some end markets that are still pretty challenged on the red meat side, certainly in North America? And how much you can kind of grow in spite of that and take market share in that opportunity?
Ron Delia: Well, yes, it's a good question. And you're right, the market is challenged. And so if we think about meat across the Flexibles businesses, it's been a mixed story. We've had meat declining in North America through the half. There's soft market, there's destocking in the meat space as well. But we've seen that stabilize more recently. So, that would be one of those categories where we're not calling an end to the destocking cycle, but we certainly see signs that it's stabilizing a bit. Similarly, in Europe, we've seen a bit of a stabilization in meat volumes in the last couple of months. And in Latin America, we started to see some growth as well. So, I think meat is, as a general category globally, meat is one that feels like is coming out the other end of the packaging cycle, at least for us or at least there's some green shoots that give us some reasons for optimism would be the first point. Certainly, as we exited January as well, that would be the case. The second part of your question is a bigger picture question, and I think it's going to be a little bit longer dated, which is around our aspirations to win share in this space. You're aware that we made an equipment -- a purchase of a machinery company less than 12 months ago, which should be a part of that total system solution that we're going to market with. And we're optimistic that we've got the right consumables, the right film structures and the right technical service staff to support the equipment offering. And we think over time, that's going to be a combination and we'll take share not just in North America but around the world. There's not any evidence I can point to yet of that, Adam, because the near-term dynamics are well and truly overcompensating for any modest share pickup that we might be enjoying.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, I appreciate that color. And if I can ask just a quick follow-up. You do have a business and presence in Argentina, both for Flexibles and Rigid on the beverage side. I think you strip out all the inflation accounting for the deval, but you talked about the volume environment in Argentina and how you're thinking about that over the next couple of quarters given what I would imagine it's a pretty challenged consumer environment?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, Michael can talk about maybe the accounting that you referenced. But from just a business perspective, first thing I would say is we've been in Argentina for the mid-90s, over 30 years. It's a business that's about 2% of sales and about 2% of EBIT. And we have five plants there actually across the two segments as you alluded to. And having been there for 30-odd years, we've been there through multiple economic cycles and crises, I guess. And the business is relatively local. And we have maintained total control over the business. So, it's still a business that's functioning more or less normally. But in terms of how we manage it, we continue to drive localization. It's essentially a local business. Already, there's no exports, but to the extent there's anything imported by way of raw materials, we're continuing to drive more localization of the key inputs. Most importantly, probably, we continue to price ahead of inflation. It's always been a hallmark of that business in that country and continues to be. And then we continue to focus on cost because our expectations are that demand will continue to slow as consumers adjust to the new macroeconomic realities in that country. So, that's a little bit about the business and how we manage it. Michael, do you want to talk a bit about the accounting that Adam--
Michael Casamento: Yes. Yes. Just on the accounting are you referred to, obviously, Argentina has been designated a hyperinflation economy since 2018. So, consistently, since that time, we've been -- if there's been a devaluation that we see that impacts the monetary assets on hand, and that's being created at NSI. We -- this quarter, there was a change of government, clearly. And in December, we saw a 55% devaluation. And you see the chart of $34 million to the P&L in the quarter in the SI bucket, and that's really the outcome of that on our monetary assets only and that followed Q1 where there was a 20% devaluation. So, really, that's the treatment of the accounting. It's been consistent all the way through into the 2018 approach.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much. Ron, I just wanted to ask a question about Rigid Packaging and how you're thinking about the business now strategically. I was just trying to remember whether I've seen volume declines in the December quarter in the past, anything like that we saw in the December quarter, particularly in hot fill, and that's even if you adjust out destocking. So, just interested to get your view on how you think the business is placed at the moment?
Ron Delia: Well, yes, listen, Richard, you don't remember seeing volume declines at that level because you haven't seen them at that level. I mean it's just the reality of it. It's a business that's -- it's been a good business for a long period of time. It suffered really from a volume perspective, from the same drivers as the rest of the company, right, so -- although with higher impacts. So, we've had market impacts that we would say, attributed to a high single-digit decline in volumes. That's inclusive of consumer demand down kind of low to mid-single-digits in some segments that are important to us, maybe down some more, some customers lagging the market. And that all wraps up to kind of a high single-digit impact on volumes for both North American beverage at large and hot fill, specifically that we would attribute to market impacts. Then the bigger impact actually for us in the quarter was the destocking. And the destocking is really being driven by a couple of things here, which are working in opposite directions. First is that traditionally, in this business, you'd have some inventory prebuild in what is our fiscal second and fiscal third quarters in advance of the high season, the beverage season in North America. There's historically a bit of inventory buildup, that's not happening this year. So, there's no prebuild this year. And at the same time, we have some customers and big customers with very, very aggressive inventory reduction targets. So, rather than building, we're reducing. And there was a significant acceleration in that activity to reduce inventories in the month of December, which ultimately led to a high single-digit impact on North American beverage at large, but a high teens impact in hot fill. And while we saw some modest improvement in January, we do believe that we're going to continue to see a destocking impact in the third quarter. So, that's really what's going on there. That's unprecedented. We still believe in the business. The business is well-positioned in terms of its market stature. It operates in a in a reasonably well-structured market. It has world-leading technology. Its footprint is reasonably optimized. We are taking a couple of small lands out as part of the restructuring program, but it's reasonably well optimized. It needs to just weather the storm. And that's on the beverage side. And then let's not forget that outside of beverage, we have a reasonably sized specialty container business which looks and feels almost like a Flexibles business because of its end market exposure and that business has room to grow. And Latin America also is -- continues to be a very good business, including in the first half and in the second quarter, where we saw volume growth new business wins in Latin America, too. So, it's a portfolio of businesses. At its core, it's a beverage business in North America that gets a lot of attention to shouldn't forget about the other parts as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell from Barrenjoey. Please go ahead.
Brook Campbell: Yes, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just confirm what the level of volume growth or decline was in January? And then as a follow-up to that, is there not a risk here that you sort of extrapolate January volumes for the rest of the quarter when perhaps there was a benefit in Jan because Costco has effectively delayed orders in December and push it into January. Therefore, January might not be a good indicator for the rest of the quarter? That's the question. Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes. We won't give a number on January other than to say it was an improvement over December and an improvement, not everywhere, but in most parts of our business. We did have some parts of the business even that grew modestly. So, -- that's probably as much as I would say in terms of trying to dimension January. I understand the nature of your question is particularly the second part as to whether or not we're being overly optimistic on the back of one month. It is one month, and we're well aware that it's one month. We are flagging that we will see continued destocking impacts in healthcare globally and in North America beverage. That no matter what happened in January, we know it will be the case certainly in Q3 and potentially into Q4. And we're also not banking on any improvement in the consumer. So, I think that we're being relatively conservative and not reading too much into one month, but it is a month, and it does suggest as we sort of expected that the low point for us from a volume point of view and earnings growth as well was the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jakob Cakarnis from Jarden Australia. Please go ahead.
Jakob Cakarnis: Hi Ron, hi Michael. I just want to build on Brook's question there, though. Obviously, December was significantly weak. So, January improvement might not necessarily move you guys back to increase. So, I just want to square some of the commentary still where you're saying that you'll see a mid-single-digit volume decline in the third quarter and then low single-digit in the fourth quarter. Can you just help us the commentary around the January improvement, is that relative to the negative or the decline that you saw through the month of December specifically?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's relative to the performance in the whole first half and in the second quarter and in December. So, when we -- we're talking about improvements in January in most parts of the business, where that's relative to the first half. That's the first part. I think the other thing to keep in mind is as we work our way through the balance of the fiscal year, a couple of things will also underpin those growth assumptions that we've outlined. One is that we do expect outside of healthcare and North American beverage, we do expect the year-end destocking that we saw in December to not repeat. And some continued abatement or continued destocking runoff or reduction in much of the rest of the business. That's the first thing. And the second thing is, particularly as we get to the fourth quarter, the prior period comp gets a little bit easier. Our volume challenges really started in a of last fiscal year. And so as we get to Q4 this year, we've got the benefit of a comparative period, which wasn't so strong.
Jakob Cakarnis: Just one more for Michael, if I can. Just on the net interest guidance, obviously, a little bit lower than where you were guiding to initially, how much of that's the movements in forward curves and expectations for rate or interest rate declines or cash rate declines in the US through the balance of the year, please?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. So, we -- you saw that we brought our guidance just slightly down from kind of a range of $320 million to $340 million down to kind of $315 million to $330 million. That's really all on the back of the forward curves and the interest rate hike would appear been reached its peak now, and potentially, you might see one rate reduction late in our fiscal year. But really, that's the slight improvement is really on the back of that forward curve. And after tax, it's a pretty minimal impact on the full year guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McDonald from E&P. Please go ahead.
Cameron McDonald: Hey good morning guys. Question for Mike, just in terms of -- well, the tax rate and then the capital structure. So, the tax rate sitting sort of around sort of under 19%. And where -- what jurisdictions are you getting a tax benefit from given the corporate tax rate in most of your jurisdictions is in excess of certainly of that number, but in excess of sort of $20 million?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, I think we operate across a broad range of countries globally. And in addition to that, the mix of earnings can be different in every geography and location. And then the overall underlying performance of the business can change. So, when you wrap that all up for our business, we're guiding to 18% to 20% tax rate. We've typically been around that 20% range for a long period of time. So, it's really just the combination of the earnings, the country mix and the underlying performance of the business.
Ron Delia: And the differences in deductibility of different expenses by jurisdiction, right, which then, obviously, you have to factor in, in addition to the headline tax rates in those jurisdictions.
Cameron McDonald: Okay. Thank you. And then just in terms of the capital structure, comments earlier about the balance sheet and the leverage. Part of the investment thesis has been EPS growth, a big chunk of that has been undertaken through share buybacks. What -- how -- what's the sort of leverage ratio that we should be expecting before we would start to see a discussion around the buyback being reimplemented? Is it -- do we have to get back down to sort of the mid-2s? I think the last time you had a buyback active was sort of 2.7 times leverage?
Ron Delia: Well, listen, we've bought back -- remember, it's buybacks and MA is the way we think about the discretionary cash flow for the business. And we bought back over the last. We will have bought back over three fiscal years and acquired to the tune of about $1.2 billion. So, we will have done over $1 billion in buybacks, and we will have invested somewhere close to $200 million in investments and acquisitions. So, that's essentially three years of discretionary cash that's been invested in the business. It's a little bit lumpy. It's not exactly even over the three-year period, but that's been what we've done. I think from a leverage range perspective, more often than not, we're going to be between 2.5 and 3 times. Obviously, we're comfortable being above that, particularly when there's good reasons for it as there is at the moment. And we'll be continuing to evaluate capital management or buyback opportunities in conjunction with M&A opportunities on a go-forward basis, and that includes now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Roxland: Thank you, Ron, Michael, Tracy for taking my questions. Actually, just one question because a lot of material already was covered here. Quickly on just protein packaging, Ron. I know it was discussed earlier in response to a question, I think you discussed it, I think, last quarter. Can you just describe whether there are any nuances in your business, maybe around equipment, for instance, that would make you unable to compete with some of it with a large player in the industry or some of the -- some of your larger peers? I know are you intentionally participating in different parts of the market to avoid going head on with some of the larger players. And just lastly, where do you think this -- where would you like this business to be on a revenue basis, let's say, in five years or 10 years?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a great question. The biggest challenge we have at the moment is the lack of installed base. So, there's a massive installed base that got a lot of legacy behind it. in the industry as -- given the way the industry has evolved over several decades. And from an equipment perspective, we're -- well, firstly, I would say we're more open source -- we bought Moda, obviously. So, we've -- we're prioritizing Moda equipment, but we're more agnostic to the actual equipment installation. And we think we've got great -- and the primary basis of competition here, we think, ultimately, will be on the film. And that's what we're aspiring to do is to grow the film business, enabled and facilitated with a full-service offering, which includes not only the machinery but the technical service that is so important in this industry to the customers to help them optimize their operations. So, it's really a total system solution that we're going to go to market with now and we're starting to go to market with really for the first time. And as far as how big can the business get and what are our aspirations for it? I mean, look, I'm not going to dimension it here, it's a big, important business for us already. It's a tough time to be asking for a lot out of the business as it weathers some of the destocking and some of the softness in the general beef cycle, in particular or meat cycle, I should say. But it's a that we have aspirations to grow at sort of mid- to high single-digits and good margins for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
John Purtell: Good day Ron and Michael, I hope you will. Just a couple of questions, please. In terms of your second half EPS guide, previously, it was up for the second half, up mid-single-digit in constant currency, think you mentioned Q3 EPS down mid-single-digit, were your expectation in Q4 up in single-digits. So, it looks like the Q3 guide is weaker. Is that reflecting a lower volume starting point?
Michael Casamento: Look, overall, John, I guess we actually held our guidance. So, -- and you're right, we've guided to volumes mid-single-digit down in Q3 and EPS down mid-single-digit. And in Q4, we're expecting trajectory to improve through the half on the volumes, volumes down low single-digit. And just on the back of some of the things that Ron touched on earlier and also the earnings trajectory of our business Q4 is our biggest quarter, that's why we're expecting mid-single-digit EPS growth in Q4. So, really not a lot of change. I guess what we have seen is that the volume trajectory is perhaps a little softer than we previously anticipated. And that was really on the back of that destocking, particularly in healthcare and North America beverage, where we're expecting that to continue through Q3 and perhaps into Q4. We are offsetting that with continued cost out and we have confidence in the underlying performance of the business with the structural initiatives that we've put in place and touch on already getting $35 million in the second half, the ongoing cost agenda and discretionary spend management. So, not a lot of change really to our guidance overall. I think we -- perhaps we did a little better in H1. But generally speaking we're holding the range and we feel pretty good about the drivers behind the $0.67 to $0.71 range.
John Purtell: And just the second one, just to be interested in what you're seeing from the consumer. Obviously, elasticity of demand has been an ongoing factor, and it looks like the FMCG companies are still pushing price.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I mean, the best proxy is probably the scanner data that we look at, and I'm sure you look at it as well. I mean, we still see a generally consumer environment. And -- that's true across the staples that we're supplying packaging for. You still see in the US general scan data, which, obviously, there's a lot of nuance that you need to unpack. But generally speaking, kind of low single-digit declines in the calendar fourth quarter that's just passed, Europe may be modestly better overall, but at a sub level, you still see lots of softness and lots of modest declines. You see some evidence of down-trading in some parts of the business. You see on the margin, maybe some modest shift, and I wouldn't make too much into this, but you see some modest shifts in some categories like pet food and maybe even in coffee where you might see different formats doing better. We certainly see it -- we believe we see it in the beverage business. In the case of carbonated soft drinks, where we know that the value pack has historically been the can, if you're going to buy 12 or 24 cans or units of a soft drink, you're likely to buy it in a can and that has continued. So, I think generally, John, the consumer environment is pretty soft. There are some reasons for potential optimism if the brand owners toggle the dial a little bit between price recovery and maximizing volume, but we are absolutely not baking that into our assumptions on volumes going forward. But that will take as nice to have if it happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Daniel Kang: Morning everyone. So, you spoke about protein turning a corner in January. Can you just elaborate on how you're seeing stock levels and the potential for an end in destocking in other product categories?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think as it relates to the trend on destocking from -- sort of break it down in a couple of buckets. Firstly, we'd say the really pronounced end of year destocking that we saw in December, we don't expect will repeat with the exception that -- or we don't expect will continue with the exception of globally in healthcare and the North American beverage. We know that in those two segments for different reasons that we've mostly covered we're going to see continued destocking certainly through Q3 and likely into Q4. So, we're not expecting a big bounce back there. Other than those two segments, other places where there was really accelerated destocking in December, we're not expecting to see a repeat of. And so therefore, on a general basis, we would expect that we're going to start to come out the other end of this inventory cycle that we've been weathering for the last several quarters. We see some signs of that. Already, I mentioned I mentioned meat as one place that seems to have stabilized, premium coffee in Europe is another. So, there are some reasons for optimism. But again, we're not getting ahead of ourselves here, and we recognize we have two important parts of the business in healthcare and beverage, which you're going to continue to go through some more destocking from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau from MST Marquee. Please go ahead.
Keith Chau: Hi there gents. Just an extension of Daniel's question on destocking and part of my ignorance, but how can you actually tell what is destocking, what is underlying volume trend? Can you specifically quantify that with data that you're seeing internally? Or is it based on discussions you're having with customers a bit of an approximation internally? Can you just give me a sense of how you work out what is underlying consumer weakness? What is destocking? What is cyclical? What is structural?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's part art and part science. So, firstly, there's a lot of discussions with customers and remember in some parts of the business where even co-located with customers. So, there's a high degree of customer intimacy across the business. And the starting point is the discussions and the joint planning dialogue that we have with our customers around the world. So, that's arguably the most important input. But then we also try to triangulate with data. And what do we look at? We look at things like in categories where there is scanner data, which is not the case across our portfolio, certainly not in healthcare. But in food and home and personal care and places where there's good retail scanner data, we take a close look at that. We also look at the scanner results for individual customers, individual companies and try to determine if there's any difference between the overall market performance and the performance of our specific customers. And then we look at our volumes and try to triangulate between those three data points to see what's the difference. Is there -- if there's sell-through or not and whether or not we're seeing an inventory drawdown or buildup. So, it's like it's an approximation, but it's a reasonably informed approximation, both with input from the customer directly as well as data and quantitative inputs.
Keith Chau: Okay, thanks Ron. That's great color. And then just a quick follow-up on the point in January, and I appreciate it's only a month. But when you talked about an improvement, are you talking about a positive growth comp in January or less bad January versus the last six months? Thank you.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we're talking about it relative to the first half. So, it's a little bit of both. But generally speaking, we're talking about the comparison to the first half. And so we're not talking about -- we had some parts of the business that grew, but we're not talking about general growth across the board. What we're talking about is a general improvement relative to the first half and certainly the second quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Ron Delia for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Thanks operator and thanks everyone for joining the call today. We're, as you can hopefully pick up, pretty optimistic about our second half. We believe that the second quarter was the low point for us in terms of volumes and earnings growth and the business will build momentum from here. So, thank you for your interest in Amcor and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-10-31 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to the Amcor First Quarter 2024 Results Conference. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I’ll now turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, And thank you, everyone, for joining Amcor's Fiscal '24 first quarter earnings call. Joining today is Ron Delia, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, our Chief Financial Officer. Before I handing over, a few items to note. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we'll discuss on this call. Please be aware that we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation with several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. Reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and one follow-up and then rejoin the queue if you have additional questions. With that, over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor’s first quarter results for fiscal 2024. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. As seen on slide 3, Amcor continues to be an industry leader in safety with a recordable case frequency rate that has trended significantly downwards over many years. In our first quarter, 65% of our sites around the world were injury-free for the past 12 months, with more than 30% injury-free for three years or more. Safety is deeply embedded in Amcor’s culture, and providing a safe and healthy working environment is the number one focus for our global teams. Turning to our key messages on slide 4, first, we delivered a first quarter result in line with our expectations despite a challenging demand environment characterized by continued weak consumer demand and ongoing customer destocking. Against this backdrop, our teams executed well and remained focused on managing the areas under their immediate control. Second, the first quarter performance puts us on track to deliver against our full-year guidance, which we are reaffirming today. Our expectations for phasing through the two halves of the fiscal year have not changed, and we continue to expect adjusted EPS for the second half of fiscal ‘24 to grow by mid-single digits over last year on a comparable constant currency basis. As a reminder, there are several reasons why we expect a stronger second half, including continued benefits and increased earnings leverage from ongoing price and cost actions, additional benefits from structural cost initiatives building through the year, a reduction in interest expense headwinds, and favorable comparisons to the prior year's volume performance. Our third key message is we're making significant strides in our sustainability efforts within our own operations and in the design of our products. Our commitment to sustainability and the creation of a circular economy for packaging represents one of our most promising avenues for growth as we enable our customers to meet consumer demand for more responsible packaging. And fourth, we remain confident in our long-term growth and value creation strategy. The strength of our market positions and underlying business, our proven execution capabilities, and our consistent capital allocation framework collectively make a compelling case for investment in Amcor. Moving to slide five for a summary of our financial results. September quarter financial performance was in line with our expectations as we continued to take proactive cost and price actions to align the business with market dynamics, including ongoing inflation and continued weak and volatile volumes. Sales were 6% lower than last year on a comparable constant currency basis, which reflects price mixed benefits of approximately 2% offset by an 8% decline in volumes, which was within the range we anticipated for the first half of fiscal ‘24. As expected, volume weakness persisted and was broad-based through the September quarter due to a combination of lower consumer demand and continued customer inventory destocking. Fiscal first quarter adjusted EBIT of $358 million was 5% lower than last year on a comparable constant currency basis. Benefits from ongoing cost actions and price and mix benefits were more than offset by the weaker volumes. And our teams drove working capital improvements which resulted in free cash flow being well ahead of the same period last year. We expect to deliver strong cash returns to shareholders this fiscal year with returns of approximately $200 million in the first quarter, up more than 10% over last year through a combination of share repurchases and a growing dividend, which the board increased to $0.125 per share. I'll turn it over now to Michael to provide some further color on the financials and our outlook.
Michael Casamento : Thanks, Ron, and hello, everyone. Turning to our flexible segment performance on slide 6, net sales were down 8% on a reported basis, which includes a favorable impact of 3% related to movements in foreign exchange rates and an unfavorable impact of 2% related to the pass through of lower raw material costs. On a comparable constant currency basis, net sales were down 6%, reflecting 8% lower volumes, partly offset by price mixed benefits of approximately 2%, as the business continues to take pricing actions to recover inflation. First quarter volume trends remain similar to last quarter with all regions continuing to be impacted by lower consumer demand and destocking. Volumes across North America and Europe were down high single digits with Europe a little softer than North America. Volumes in Latin America were also down high single digits and in Asia volumes were broadly in line with last year as continued growth in India in a return to positive volume growth in China offset lower overall volumes in Southeast Asia. The impact of destocking across the flexible business was similar to last quarter, accounting for approximately one-third of total volume declines. By end market, we continue to see stock demand and destocking impact categories, including protein, coffee, liquid beverage and healthcare. Pet care and confectionary categories remain strong in key markets with volume growth delivered in the quarter. Adjusted EBIT was down 5%, incomparable constant currency terms for the quarter, reflecting favorable operating cost performance and price mixed benefits offset by the lower volumes. Turning to Rigid Packaging on slide 7, reported sales were 6% lower than last year, including the favorable impact of 1% related to movements in foreign exchange rates and the unfavorable impact of 1% related to the path to a lower raw material cost. On a comparable constant currency basis, net sales were 6% lower than last year. As price mixed benefits of approximately 1% were offset by 7% declining volumes. In North America, volumes in both the beverage and specialty containers business continued to be impacted by lower consumer demand and similar levels of custom destocking as experienced last quarter. In the beverage business, overall volumes were down 9%, although mixed trends were favorable. In specialty containers, volume growth in food was offset by weaker volumes in health care and home and personal care. In Latin America, while market demand was somewhat softer across the region, our business is benefiting from new business wins and overall volumes were up mid-single digits compared with last year. The businesses in Brazil and Colombia delivered strong volume growth, offsetting lower volumes in Mexico. Adjusted EBIT was 6% lower than last year on a comparable constant currency basis. Reflecting lower overall volumes partly offset by price mix benefits and favorable cost performance. In terms of cash flow and the balance sheet on slide 8, our adjusted free cash flow performance was in line with our expectations and meaningfully better than last year, enabling us to reaffirm our full year cash flow guidance, which I will come back to shortly. The cash flow improvement of more than $170 million compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2023 mainly reflects our focus inventory reduction efforts, which have resulted in a decrease of more than $500 million since the peak in November 2022. We remain highly focused on working capital performance, which is particularly critical in this environment of continued inflation and rising interest rates. We also continue to return cash to shareholders, purchasing approximately 3 million shares during the first quarter for a total cost of $30 million. And consistent with our comments in August, we expect the allocated total of at least $70 million towards share repurchases in fiscal 2024. In terms of the balance sheet, we maintain a strong investment grade credit rating with leverage at 3.3 times, in line with our expectations at this time, taking into account the usual seasonality of cash flows and the short-term impacts of cycling the divestiture of our Russian business earnings and higher working capital levels. We expect leverage will decrease to approximately 3x by the end of the fourth quarter. Turning to our outlook on slide 9, our Q1 performance was in line with our expectations, and we are reaffirming our full-year guidance for adjusted EPS of $0.67 to $0.71 per share. We continue to expect the underlying business to contribute organic earnings growth in the plus or minus low single-digit range, and share repurchases will result in a benefit of approximately 2%. The US dollar has strengthened slightly since August, and we now anticipate currency translation to result in a benefit of up to 2%. This is expected to be offset by a negative impact of approximately 3%, related to the sale of our three plants in Russia in December 2022. And we also expect a negative impact of approximately 6% from higher interest and tax expense. Our expectations for interest and tax expense for the full year remain unchanged, with interest in the range of $320 million to $340 million and a tax rate in the range of 18% to 20%. In terms of cash flow, we are training better than the first quarter last year and we continue to expect significant adjusted free cash flow in the range of $850 million to $950 million in fiscal ‘24 representing growth of up to $100 million over last year. Our plan to repurchase at least $70 million of Amcor shares in 2024 is unchanged and we continue to pursue value creating M &A opportunities. Turning to slide 10, Amcor has a proven track record of strong and consistent long-term earnings growth. As noted on our call in August, it is important to call out that fiscal 2024 phasing of comparable earnings growth is not expected to align its prior years. Consistent with our comments from last quarter, we anticipate challenging market dynamics will persist in the near term resulting in similar mid to high single digit volume declines through the December quarter. Combined with the unfavorable impact of higher interest expense, which is expected to moderate in the second half, our guidance for the first half is unchanged. Compared with last year, we expect that adjusted EPS for the six months of fiscal 2024 will be down in the high single digit to low double digit range on a comparable constant currency basis. For the second quarter, this implies adjusted EPS and EBIT in absolute terms will be broadly in line with or marginally lower than the September quarter just finished. As Ron mentioned earlier, our confidence in delivering mid-single digit comparable constant currency earnings growth in the second half of fiscal 2024 and resuming our long-term trend of high single digit earnings growth shortly thereafter is supported by visibility to several known second half factors. First, we have the benefit of approximately $35 million from structural cost-saving initiatives that builds through the year. Second, we have increased earnings leverage resulting from ongoing benefits of price and cost actions taken. Third, as I noted earlier, a reduced interest headwind. And fourth, we expect that customer inventories will have largely normalized as we progress through the second half and we will benefit from favorable prior year volume comparatives. Finally, and also consistent with our comments in August, we do not need to see a significant change in the demand environment to return to solid earnings growth in the second half and beyond. So with that, I'll turn the call back for Ron to provide some longer-term comments.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Before we open the call to questions, I want to provide a few words on the building blocks that inform how we think about growth over the longer term and then finish with a brief preview of our 2023 sustainability report, which will be released in the coming days. Looking at slide 11, we have multiple drivers that have enabled us to deliver solid and sustainable earnings growth over the longer term, including opportunities in priority categories, emerging markets, and through innovation. These have not changed and collectively give us confidence in our ability to deliver future growth in line with our historic trend rates. Turning to slide 12 and some highlights from our forthcoming sustainability report, which covers the significant strides we've made in product development and operational sustainability. Sustainability provides meaningful opportunities to differentiate and drive growth and value. This is particularly important in today's landscape as consumers focus on the critical need for more sustainable, high-performance packaging solutions, and as customers increasingly look to work closely with responsible, sustainability-focused partners. Starting with our own operations, since launching Amcor’s EnviroAction program 15 years ago, we've diligently worked towards reducing our greenhouse gas emission intensity and have achieved a cumulative reduction of more than 40% against our 2006 baseline. Along the way, we've also increased our ambition and committed to net zero emissions by 2050 in line with the science-based targets initiatives. In fiscal 2023, we delivered an annual reduction in absolute emissions of 10% through a range of measures, including an increasing focus on the use of renewable electricity. In addition to carbon-related objectives, we maintain robust targets for reducing water and waste. 100% of our sites have a water management plan in place, and 143 of our sites have achieved zero waste to disposal certification, which is an increase of around 20% in the last 12 months. Transitioning to slide 13, we also continue to make significant progress in supporting the development of circular systems and what we believe are the three requirements for responsible packaging. Package design, waste management infrastructure, and consumer participation. Amcor’s industry-leading innovation capabilities position us well to develop the more sustainable and high-performing packaging consumers are looking for, and we believe this is one of our greatest opportunities for growth and differentiation. Today, almost all of our rigid packaging and specialty carton portfolios are fully recyclable. Looking at our flexibles portfolio, 61% fiscal 2023 sales were recyclable ready, according to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation definition, meaning these solutions are designed to be recycled using current technologies where infrastructure is available. Additionally, another 28% of sales had recyclable-ready alternatives available, providing a meaningful growth opportunity when our customers are ready to transition more of their portfolios to sustainable solutions. In total, 89% of our flexible packaging portfolio is designed to be recycled or has a recycle-ready alternative, a six percentage point increase over fiscal 2022. Our use of recycled content also continues to grow, increasing by 29% over fiscal ‘22, reflecting our commitment to work closely with customers to reduce the use of virgin materials. Over the past four years, we've more than tripled our use of recycled material, and we're confident we'll achieve 30% recycled content across our portfolio by 2030. We also continue to leverage our position as an industry leader and trusted resource to help our customers navigate their sustainability journeys. As an example, in fiscal ‘23, we hosted several Amcor webinars which were attended by hundreds of customers and covered topics such as the use of recycled content in food contact and healthcare packaging and the impact of evolving regional regulations on packaging options. Through these efforts, we're reinforcing our value proposition and helping customers accelerate conversion of their packaging portfolios to comply with emerging regulations and to meet their own sustainability goals. We take pride in the strides we've made across all aspects of our sustainability journey. We eagerly anticipate the opportunities ahead, which will continue to differentiate Amcor and also advance our growth objectives, all while contributing to the creation of a circular economy for the packaging industry. In summary on slide 14, fiscal ‘24 has started in line with our expectations. We have reaffirmed our earnings and cash flow guidance today as we continue to have confidence and visibility to solid earnings growth in the second half. We're making good progress on our sustainability agenda, and we remain focused on our strategy to deliver long-term growth and value creation. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thanks, operator. Good day, everybody. Ron, could you give us a bit of a sense as to what your base case is for volumes for fiscal year ‘24? And I'm just trying to get a sense as to the sequencing beyond the first quarter, which was down 8%. Would it be sort of 4Q before you hit that inflection point on a year-over-year basis?
Ron Delia: Thanks for the question, Ghansham. Look, firstly, as we entered the year, we flagged that we expected volumes to be down mid-to-high single digits for the first half. And that's exactly what we saw in the first quarter. And we expect similar trajectory for the second quarter as well. As we look forward to the second half, we do expect a trajectory to improve. So we would expect that the destocking will abate as we get past yearend and as we start to cycle several quarters of inventory reductions, we would expect that impact to start to moderate. And we would expect for the second half volumes more reasonably or flat to up to plus or minus low single digits. I think it's more reasonable to expect that the trajectory will improve now exactly the rate at which that trajectory improves in the second half is difficult to predict. But certainly as we get into the fourth quarter, the comps get a lot easier. And we would expect things to be improving as we exit the year.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, thanks for that, Ron. And I'm just trying to understand the divergence also between volumes which are quite a bit lower against improved price mix as you've established over the last couple of quarters and sustainability of that dynamic. And typically during periods of weaker volumes, there tends to be some sort of a trade-down and you actually are showcasing the opposite. So more color on that, please.
Ron Delia: Well, look, mix over a longer period of time over multiple years is a major source of earnings leverage for us and has been over a long period of time. As we emphasize higher value segments, both product segments and market categories, mix is a very important part of our playbook. For this year, on a full year basis, we expect mix to be more or less neutral. We've had a reasonably good start in the first quarter with positive mix in both segments. We would expect that probably will continue in the second quarter, but for the full year, we would expect that might normalize a little bit. The reason for that is some of the segments that are higher value have declined at a lower rate than some of the lower value categories. But as we look forward into the second half, we think that the healthcare destocking will continue and ultimately that will balance out the positive first quarter. So all up relatively neutral for fiscal ‘24, but on a multi-year basis, mix is absolutely part of the earnings algorithm going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang with CLSA.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, everyone. I guess the first question for me is on destocking cycle please, persist in the quarter. Are you seeing any evidence or signs of destocking easing as we walk into the second quarter? Perhaps you can comment on what you're seeing on customer stock levels as well.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, I think we're using the term destocking. I think what we're seeing is more broadly is just inventory reductions. Destocking might imply that inventories started at a higher level. And I think that's certainly true in some categories that were subject to more of the supply chain constraints and raw material shortages over the last 12 to 18 months. There certainly were some inventory accumulations, but I think we've got a few different dynamics that are driving the inventory reduction trend. The first is for those categories that started at a high level, obviously they're working down the excess at a time when consumer demand has softened. And also carrying cost of inventory is now much higher than it's been in a long period of time. So I think that we're seeing a number of companies including Amcor try to drive inventories down to lower levels than they've been in quite some time. I know that we are certainly on that path. So I don't expect that trend to be beyond to be passed us in the second quarter, particularly as we're heading towards a yearend and cash flow at yearend becomes an important metric that companies are driving towards. So we would expect that the destocking will abate in the second half but not in the second quarter.
Daniel Kang: Got it, thanks Ron. Secondly, I'm just interested in the progress of the new packaging products AmLite, AmFiber, et cetera. Realize it's early days, but can you comment on the volume growth and customer adoption that you're seeing and the pricing premium that you're achieving?
Ron Delia: Yes, look, we're really excited about some of those platform products that you mentioned, AmLite, which is a recyclable ready retortable structure, AmFiber, which is a paper based solution, AmSky, which eliminates PVC and PVDC from blister packaging. We think that we've got some really special products there with a really compelling value proposition for customers that are trying to drive their own sustainability agenda. It is early days. Several of those products though are generating real sales. So AmPrima which is also a recyclable-ready alternative, AmSky, AmFiber, they're all each generating sales in the tens of millions of dollars, low tens of millions of dollars, but real meaningful sales. AmSky, it's early days and it's primarily oriented to the pharma industry, so the qualification period is a bit longer. But we are in active trials with a whole range of customers on that one as well. So we continue to be really excited about those platforms that you've asked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. I was hoping maybe first talk about just the performance in the quarter from the difference between volume and comparable constant currency operating profit growth and this very little volume you leverage in the period and to contrast the fiscal ‘23 experience, maybe just Ron still more color kind of how are you able to now that gap and volumes on down, mid to high single digits, kind of keeping the profit declines that narrow.
Ron Delia: Got it. Look, it's just been really aggressive pulling the cost lever really aggressively. And we continue to do that through the back end of fiscal ‘23 and into the start here in the first quarter of fiscal ‘24. So you might recall in August, we talked about the cost actions that we took in fiscal ‘23 where we reduced costs by over $200 million. We reduced headcount by over 1,200 people. We had pulled the procurement lever really hard. We cut overheads. All of that continued in the first quarter and actually accelerated. So in the first quarter coming off a year where we took $200 million of cost out, in the first quarter we took another $70 million of cost out versus the first quarter of the previous year. And so that's really resulted in improved earnings leverage and much, I'd say a much more dynamic ability to flex costs in the face of weaker volumes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to make sure it's two questions per or one question per. I don’t want to overdo the quota here.
Ron Delia: George, for you, it's two.
George Staphos: Okay. I'll try to keep them good then. So I guess the first thing I wanted to ask is, in an environment where we're still to some degree waiting for customers, your customers, to begin promoting more aggressively to try volume, if you agree with that premise, are you starting to see that? And how does that reconcile with your wanting this to push more innovative new products, new product sustainability, which are typically going to have a higher price point? Who's winning that tug of war right now as you think about it? And are we seeing more promotional activity?
Ron Delia: Look, it's anecdotal at best, George. I mean, there's, I think a general recognition across the customer base that the price lever has been pulled really hard. And you see that from the results of a range of consumer companies that price has been a real driver of revenue growth more so than volumes. And maybe that, maybe those two variables can be brought back into better balance over time. And you do hear anecdotally, more customers talking about reprioritizing volume or balancing their mix a little bit more towards volume. We need to see it, and we haven't seen it yet. And so we're not setting the business up on the expectation that happens. In fact, our second half earnings uplift that we're expecting is not at all levered to an improved demand environment and is not at all predicated or dependent on consumers taking more active approach to promos.
George Staphos: Thanks Ron. And the second question, broadly, can you talk a little bit about the momentum you apparently are seeing in protein packaging? You have a new high barrier when that you highlight on one of the slides. You have your recycle ready ecotype package. Is there a way to put a quantum size? What kind of momentum you're seeing? What kind of incremental revenue you're getting and broadly why you are gaining this momentum in the market given that you're the smaller player in the market. Thanks, and I'll be back if there's time later on.
Ron Delia: Okay. Look, I think it's the early innings of our journey on protein, in particular our journey as a full service solutions provider in meat and protein packaging, which includes the ability to offer. equipment now as a result of the acquisition that we made earlier this year in Moda. It's early innings. I think that we are picking up some modest pieces of business along the way, but I would also point out that meat sales have been weak. We're in a down part, a down cycle, or a trough, let's say, a low point of the cycle in beef in particular. And so meat sales have actually been weak across the company in the first quarter. It's a long game, and we're in the early innings. And so I would say that we're really confident in the value proposition that we have and that we're building. We think we've got some really special films, and we think we've got a really special comprehensive offering that includes now equipment and service. But it's very, very new, very recent. The Moda acquisition is only a few months old.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Seow from Citi.
Sam Seow: Good morning, good evening, all. Thanks for taking my question. Just a simple one on the balance sheet. Just wondering if we guide, get back second half volume stabilization. Would that result in net debt outside your range or would there be enough in the seasonality and the unwinding of working capital to bring that debt irrespective of [inaudible] continued to decline?
Michael Casamento : Yes, thanks for the question, Sam. I can take that one. Yes, look, I mean, we finished the quarter with net debt kind of $6.5 billion $6.6 billion and leveraged at 3.3 times, which was right in line with where we expected it to be. And that takes into account the relatively normal seasonality of the cash flows from fourth quarter to Q1. We typically see a tick up in leverage versus we were at 3x in June. The other factors impacting leverage are really on -- through temporary impacts. Firstly, we're lapping now three quarters of the vested Russia earnings and that's being reflected in the last 12-months EBITDA and that's ahead of us getting the benefit of the restructuring which is going to start to come through in H2. So you'll start to see that improve absolutely. And then the other one is really the higher than normal working capital levels. We've been driving inventory down but at the same time payables have come down at a faster rate really just on the back of the lower demand environment. So again we'd expect that to start to normalize as we get into the second half and we'll get the leverage back to 3x by the end of June. So that's kind of the way we see it and as we look forward from there, there'll be further opportunity for improvement particularly in the working capital as it continues to normalize and as we cycle through the full 12 months of the Russia and the benefits from the restructuring that we're going to get into the P&L. So we're on track there.
Sam Seow: Got it. And just maybe a follow-up. You talked at length about your volume expectations of the year. Maybe thoughts on pricing kind of expires through given end mark weakness and ongoing destocking.
Ron Delia: Well, look our pricing strategy has been first and foremost to compensate for inflation and that's our approach, simple as that, we've had inflationary pressure on the cost base for 12 to 18 months now and as a result we've taken price as a high priority from an industry leadership perspective and certainly prioritized price and inflation recovery over volume. Rates of inflation are starting to ease. We haven't seen large parts of the cost base go through experience decreases yet, but the rate of inflation has eased and so our pricing, the pace of our pricing will ease as a result and beyond that our pricing approach is really just a price for value. If we have a differentiated value proposition, there's an opportunity to generate a positive price but that's something that needs to be earned every day in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Thank you, Ron, Michael Tracey and David for taking my questions. Actually, just question just had one question really. The company has made solid progress, streamlined the portfolio, another $70 million, sub saving this quarter, closing plants, realigning production, headcount reduction. If when volumes begin to improve, should we expect to see a reversal of this and you putting more capital to work in new plants, increasing headcount? Or really does your existing footprint, as it stands today, have enough excess capacity to absorb incremental volumes without any additional investment?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a great question. I think the short answer is we're going to be well set up when volumes come back and I think we're going to get even stronger earnings leverage as volumes return. We're taking really two sets of actions on the cost side. So the first, the $70 million that I referred to earlier that you just referenced is really ongoing productivity oriented benefits where we're taking shifts out, reducing headcount, driving procurement, optimizing the overhead and SG&A part of the business, kind of steady state but aggressive belt tightening, I would say. That's one form of cost reduction and I don't think a lot of that, some of it will come back obviously as volumes come back you need to add. You might need to add shifts. But we will be in a much better position from a leverage perspective as volumes return. So that's on that side. The second stream of cost takeout relates to more structural initiatives, which are more of the restructuring type, which are plant closures and more permanent and more deep cutting overhead reductions. We really haven't seen the benefits yet from those initiatives. Those will start to build in the second half, as Michael referred to earlier. We expect to get about $35 million of benefits from more structural initiatives in the second half. And those also will be long lasting and sustainable, because we're going to be taking out several plants in the network that we can compensate for with the remaining footprint. And in many cases, when we close a facility, we relocate the productive assets into another facility, and we don't really take capacity out necessarily. So I think we're going to be well positioned when and if volumes return.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much. Ron, can I just return to the subject of price, and in particular, the US protein market? I mean, I'm interested in the comments you make, and I'm just trying to reconcile that with what others in the market are saying, and they're referring to significant overcapacity in that market, which makes sense given how weak the end market is, which is leading to acute price pressure because of that unused capacity. Just be interested to get your thoughts on that.
Ron Delia: Yes, I don't know that the pricing pressure or the intensity of the competition is any more so at the moment in that segment than it has been in the past, or that it will be in the future. You have to remember as well that the assets that are deployed against that segment are fungible across a range of categories. So we have film assets that produce into the protein market, also produce specifications for dairy and a number of other segments as well. So it's certainly not a market that we look at as being overly capitalized or having much excess capacity.
Richard Johnson: And then as you sort of spread that through the US around the different categories, I mean, can I extrapolate from your comments around how that you think positive price makes trend, that's really across all the categories or are there any areas where price is starting to give back price, which inevitably you would expect given how far price has gone at some point that will normalize, correct?
Ron Delia: Look I think it's going to be a function of inflation. The rate at which pricing changes in this industry I think from this point forward will be primarily a function of the rate and the direction of travel of inflation. It's not been an industry over the years that's had positive price in the absence of value, it's been an industry that is compensated for inflationary cost pressures and I think that's kind of where we're at right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McDonald with E&P.
Cameron McDonald: Good morning, Ron, Michael. And can I just ask a question on slide 10? So you've got the average of high single digit of 8% from ‘14 to ‘23, but if we think about the environment, we had interest rates collapsed to zero during that period. You've had a significant transformational acquisition with Bemis. You've had the buybacks, et cetera. When you then talk about the high single digits expected long term, how do we marry that up? Or do you still think that there are significant M&A opportunities and the synergies that will create? And then but I suppose I come back to that interest rate environment; you've got a significantly higher interest rate that's going to be impacting that EPS.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, it's a good question because it's really a segue into why we're confident that we're going to get back to kind of high single digit growth rates going forward. And we just believe in the conviction of our formula that served us well over many years and that is that volumes in a normal environment will grow sort of low single digits. We will get leverage in terms of higher rates of profit growth than that because the mix will improve over time and as we generate more productivity in our operations. So low single digit volume growth will translate into higher rates of profit growth. And then the business generates a substantial amount of cash and really excess cash, excess to the needs of the business from a CapEx perspective and to fund the dividend. And with that extra cash, our first priority will be to do acquisitions as we've done over a long period of time and short of acquisition opportunities will buy back shares. And so you go from low single digit volume growth to something higher than that mid-single digit type profit growth organically and then the cash flow and balance sheet optionality to generate further EPS growth through either acquisitions or share repurchases. So that's the formula. That's the formula that's delivered the 8% over almost a decade. And that's the formula that we'll expect to deliver the same types of earnings growth rates going forward.
Cameron McDonald: Thanks. There's a follow up to that just on the M&A. When you think about the industry at the moment, you've spoken about the industry doesn't really have real price power without value. You've got a changing expectation around sustainability. We've obviously seen WestRock and Smurfit get together. Do you think the industry needs to more significantly and aggressively consolidate to change some of those industry dynamics?
Ron Delia: Well, look, we have been big beneficiaries and we've driven a lot of consolidation over the years. I think what's important is industry structure and industry dynamics at a segment level. The fact is that there are a lot of players that are very small in the industry. So when we think about our M&A agenda, it's largely going to be bolt-on. We've been quite active even in the last 12, 15 months or so. We've done four small deals and you can continue to see, you can expect to continue to see us do that. Look, a lot of the value that comes out of those deals is cost synergies. I think that's where most of the value is going to come from in this, particularly in this type of environment and we're going to be active participants in the M&A space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly of UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Thanks, Ron. Just a follow-up in terms of free cash allocation point. Can you talk about where deleveraging sits in the context of the allocation of excess free cash flows?
Michael Casamento : Yes, I mean obviously we're committed to an investment-grade balance sheet. And so for us, that kind of, we've had been in the range of 2.5x to 3x leverage for a long time and that's where you should expect us to sit as we move forward. So to Ron's point, as the earnings grow, the cash flow grows and we can reinvest that in the base business. So you should expect CapEx over a period of time to increase as well. So we've been increasing our level of CapEx to grow organically. That's been in that 3% to 4% range. It's now, as we look longer term, that's probably going to be more in that 4% to 5% range. That's going to drive the organic growth and we still have cash left over to invest in the M&A agenda as a priority and again grow earnings through that, create value and then do buybacks. And so as you look at all that, that we would continue to maintain that leverage in that 2 .5x to 3x range. So that's how you should think about it. The excess cash will be deployed in that way.
Operator: The next question from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie.
John Purtell: Good morning, Ron and Michael. Hi, Tracey. Just a couple of questions, if I could. The first is on BOP1, obviously there's been concerns across the sector and it's obviously all still sort of long term in terms of potential impacts on food consumption and packaging demand but still very early days but do you have any general observations, Mike?
Ron Delia: Yes, I do, John. I think firstly I would just yes, I just want to reinforce that we have seen no impact whatsoever on demand in our segments from reduced consumption resulting from these drugs so the first point I want to make is that we've seen no impact as of yet. I think in terms of trying to estimate the future impact, I think there's some things that we, there's plenty of things we don't know and there's some things that we do know based on history. I think what we don't know is the rate of adoption of these drugs. We don't know what the impact on total consumption will be. We don't know what will happen when people go off the drugs in large numbers so there's a number of unknowns that I think totally time will tell. What we do know is the food and beverage industry over many, many years over decades has been fantastic at innovating to address consumer needs as they change and evolve over time. Think about the evolution towards lower fat, low sugar, less salt, organic. The food and beverage industry has navigated those trends really successfully through innovation and through adapting product portfolios to suit whatever consumers are prioritizing at that point in time. So we know that that's been the history and that's been the track record and I expect that would be the same going forward. And the other thing that we know is to the extent there's reduction in portion sizes or serving sizes, it tends to and has historically been very good for packaging intensity. And units of packaging have tended to go up as portions have gone down and as serving sizes have been reduced. So I think it's early days, as you said. I would lean more on the things that we know to have been true historically and probably put more emphasis or more weight on those factors than the things that we don't know at this stage.
John Purtell: Got it. Thank you. And just second question for Michael, if I could. Page 11 of the news release shows that reconciliation between reported and adjusted earnings. We can see that hyperinflation impacts were higher than last year and Russia-Ukraine costs were higher as well. So what were the key drivers of that? And should we expect to see those Russia-Ukraine costs reduce going forward? Thank you.
Michael Casamento : Yes, sure, John. I can take that one. Look, the Russia-Ukraine costs are really the, that's the cost of the restructuring. So we've moved into the program and Ron touched on the program earlier, the structural program where we've committed to spend about $170 million in cash from the Russia proceeds across some plant closures, so there'll be 7 to 10 plant closures, some SG&A rightsizing. And we've, so they are the restructuring costs there and they're going to continue through the year. You'll see those continue on. It's, and obviously from that restructuring, we're going to generate the $50 million in EBIT benefits, $35 million of which will come in H2 and then a further $15 million into FY25. So you should expect to see a continuation of some cost in that line. In relation to Argentina there was, Argentina is a hyperinflation economy and we have to account for Argentina certain ways and really that's just, there was a devaluation in August and that's the devaluation impact on the monetary assets, which was higher than it was in the prior year. But again that seems to have eased at the moment, but we'll see where that goes as we work through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with Barrenjoey.
Brook Campbell: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Ron, just earlier on, you mentioned about the destocking in healthcare segments likely to continue in the second half. Correct me if I'm wrong, I think you mentioned that. Just what, can you provide some color there on why you think that's going to play out and why you might have more visibility on destocking in that part of the market versus other categories that you serve? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes, good question. You've got that right. I did refer to destocking accelerating really through the first quarter in health care, especially in the medical device side of the business. And it really comes down to the fact that there were some real supply constraints over the last 12 to 18 months in that segment or in these products that we supply into medical, predominantly, but also pharma in some product categories where we and the rest of the industry live through some real raw material shortages, which I think led to some stock buildup. in some segments. And so we're now on the other end of that and the raw materials are now more available. There's no longer a shortage and we can supply in real time. And so customers are sitting on a reasonable amount of inventory that needs to be worked down. And I think we started to see that in the first quarter. I think we'll see that continue into the second half fiscal year.
Brook Campbell: Okay, thanks. And just one quick follow-up on slide 13. You may just talk to some progress you're making on designing the packaging to be recycled and great progress there over the years. But in flexible packaging, there's still 11% of the portfolio that isn't designed to be recycled and there's no trials underway at the moment by the looks of that graph. So can you just talk to that part of the portfolio? What's the plan? And do you have a commitment still to have it 100% of that portfolio designed to be recycled by 2025? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, we're going to continue to shrink that part of the graph. So the 11% you're referring to is 6% lower than it was a year ago. And we've been making really good progress. It's substantially improved over even three, four years ago. And we're going to continue to close that gap. Look, are we going to get all the way to 100 %? I'm not sure. I think we're going to get really close. Some of the more sophisticated structures where the material is providing multiple types of functionalities, whether it's barrier or sealing strength or physical strength is a number of different components that go into some of the more sophisticated materials that we make. Those will take the longest, but we're still at it. We're hard at it and we haven't wavered in our ambition to get to 100%. And so we've got our sights on closing that gap.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks for taking the follow on. I'll make it quick guys. So Ron, if we think about the $200 million last year of temporary savings, if that's where you framed it and then the $70 million so far this year, at in a day, how much of that truly will be temporary and how much you think will be structural? I know it's hard to say, we won't hold you to the basis point, but if you were in our seat trying to model Amcor, what would you try to bake in? And then just a minor question. I thought I heard you say, or Michael maybe with you, that 2Q in terms of earnings and EBITDA might be flat to slightly down versus 1Q. I just wanted to make sure I heard that correctly. Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Michael Casamento : Yes, so I can take the second point there, George. Yes, you heard that correctly. I mean Q2, Q1 and Q2 typically are pretty similar. If you look over the history of Amcor, they're pretty similar. We're not expecting anything to be different in this dynamic. I mean, Q2 is going to be broadly in line with Q1, perhaps marginally less. But H1, as per our expectations that we've outlined, so no change there whatsoever.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, on the cost side, George, I'm not going to parse it down and give you a number. What I would say is most of the cost that's come out is come out of the operational side. The overhead portion of the cost reduction is certainly going to stay out. On the plant side, to the extent we've driven procurement benefits, those will be sustained. And then to the extent that we've taken costs out by removing shifts, then obviously we'll put those shifts back on as volumes return. So, I would just describe it more in terms of the buckets of costs that have come out. We don't think about that whole quantum of cost as being temporary necessarily. We do think there's some that stays out of the business, even as volumes return. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I will now turn the call back to Ron for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay, thanks again to everyone who's joined the call today. Thank you for your questions, and thanks for your interest in Amcor. And, operator, with that, we'll close the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-08-16 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for standing by, and welcome to the Amcor Full Year 2023 Results Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, Mandeep, and thanks everyone for joining Amcor’s fiscal ‘23 earnings call. Joining today is Ron Delia, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note the few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you will find today’s press release and presentation, which we will discuss on this call. Please be aware that we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. Reference can be made to Amcor’s SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and one follow-up, and then rejoin the queue if you have any additional questions. Over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks Tracey, and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor’s fiscal 2023 and June quarter results. We’ll begin with some prepared remarks starting as we always do with safety on slide 3. Safety is our most important value at Amcor and throughout fiscal 2023, we again made strong progress on our journey for continuous safety improvement across the Company. 69% of our sites remained injury-free for at least 12 months, and we reduced injuries globally by 31%. While we’re pleased with these results, ultimately, it’s not just the number of injuries we’re focused on, but also the severity of the injuries that do occur. Tragically, in June, a contractor’s employee lost his life at our Pondicherry site in India after falling from a roof. We immediately conducted a detailed investigation and we’re deploying the learnings across all Amcor sites with the goal of eliminating the risk of similar accidents in the future. We’re relentlessly focused on safety globally, and this tragic incident is a stark reminder of the importance of those efforts. Moving to our key messages on slide 4. First, Amcor delivered solid operating performance for the 2023 fiscal year. Adjusted EBIT was up 1% and we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and our industry-leading dividend. Across the organization, our teams demonstrated agility by taking action to navigate highly challenging and volatile market dynamics characterized by ongoing inflation, softening consumer demand and customer destocking, particularly in the second half of the fiscal year. Our ability to modestly grow adjusted EBIT under these circumstances was the result of proactive and decisive actions to effectively manage the areas under our control, which is our second key message. Our teams did an excellent job prioritizing pricing to recover increases in raw materials and general inflation. And as we entered the 2023 calendar year, we stepped up the intensity of our cost reduction efforts to drive productivity benefits. Additionally, we invested in structural initiatives including strategic plant closures that will deliver meaningful cost savings in fiscal ‘24 and ‘25. Third, as a result of these comprehensive actions, Amcor’s well positioned to return to solid mid-single-digit earnings growth in the second half of fiscal ‘24, which also leaves us well-placed to grow at our long-term trend of high-single-digit rates thereafter. While we expect current market conditions to persist over the near-term for the entire industry, we’ll continue to recover inflation and are confident the benefits from our cost reduction and productivity initiatives will have a sustainable positive impact on earnings leverage. Additionally, we’ll be cycling weaker volume comparatives in the second half, and the headwinds we’ve faced from the sale of our Russian plants and significantly higher interest expense are largely limited to the first half of fiscal ‘24. All these known benefits are largely within our control and underpin our expectation of a return to solid earnings growth in the second half without having to rely on a significant change in the demand environment. And finally, as we and the entire CPG industry continue to navigate a dynamic operating environment, Amcor remains laser-focused on executing against our long-term growth and value-creation strategy. We’re well positioned as a recognized industry leader and we continue to pursue opportunities to invest in our strong underlying business, particularly through innovation and sustainability initiatives in faster growing higher value markets. We’re also actively pursuing value-creating M&A such as a deal announced last week to acquire Phoenix flexible packaging in the high growth Indian market, and we’re committed to returning cash to shareholders through a compelling and growing dividend and share repurchases. Moving to slide 5 for a summary of our financial results. Fiscal ‘23 and June quarter financial performance was well within our May guidance range as proactive cost and price actions helped counter ongoing inflation and increasingly soft and more volatile volumes as we progress through the year. Reported net sales for the year were up 1%, which includes an unfavorable currency impact of 3% and approximately $775 million of pricing to recover higher raw material costs. Organic sales were flat on a comparable constant currency basis as volumes were 3% lower, offsetting a price/mix benefit of around 3%. Full year adjusted EBIT of $1.6 billion was up 1% on a comparable constant currency basis, benefiting from strong operating leverage in the first half of the year and accelerated cost actions in the second half. Adjusted EPS of $0.733 per share was down 2% on a comparable constant currency basis. For the June quarter, sales were down 5%, positive price and mix of approximately 2% included recovery of $100 million of general inflation and volumes were at the lower end of our expected range, down 7%. Last quarter, we referenced accelerated demand weakness in March and April, and this persisted broadly through the June quarter due to a combination of lower consumer demand and continued customer destocking, including in priority categories, which also impacted mix compared with last year. While earnings were in line with our guidance, the June quarter is historically Amcor’s strongest of the year, making it more difficult to flex costs. As a result, weaker volumes had a more pronounced impact on earnings and adjusted EBIT of $436 million was 7% lower than the prior year on a comparable basis. We continued to execute well on our capital allocation priorities, returning approximately $1.2 billion of cash to shareholders during the year through a combination of dividends, which the Board increased to $0.49 per share, and the repurchase of approximately 41 million shares or 3% of shares outstanding for a total cost of $431 million. Since 2020, we’ve repurchased approximately 11% of our outstanding shares, and our industry-leading dividend currently yields around 5%. Our overall financial profile also remains robust with return on average funds employed at 15.4%. Slide 6 highlights the proactive actions we continue to take to manage the areas under our control. We’ve been successful in pricing for inflation throughout the year, passing through a total of $1.1 billion to compensate for higher raw materials and general inflation, including labor, energy, and freight. We also delivered more than $200 million in annual cost savings through productivity initiatives, including a reduction of more than 1,200 full-time employees. And we’re investing in structural initiatives that will deliver approximately $35 million in savings, primarily in the second half of fiscal ‘24 with an incremental $15 million benefit in fiscal ‘25. And importantly, we expect the benefits from these fiscal ‘23 cost actions and structural initiatives to have an ongoing favorable impact on earnings leverage. I’ll turn it over now to Michael to cover more of the financials.
Michael Casamento : Thanks, Ron and hi everyone. Beginning with the Flexibles segment on slide 7, fiscal ‘23 reported sales were in line with last year, which included recovery of higher raw material costs of approximately $515 million, accounting for 5% sales growth. Excluding the raw material impact and negative currency movements, sales grew 1% for the year, driven by price/mix benefits of 4%, reflecting our ability to continue to price to recover inflation across all Flexibles business groups. This was partly offset by 3% lower volumes. And while volumes in all regions were impacted by slower demand and destocking, particularly in the second half of the year, our strategic focus on higher value priority categories continued to drive solid sales growth for the year. Volumes in the pharmaceutical and pet care categories were especially strong, helping to limit the impact of broad-based lower volumes in other categories. As Ron mentioned, throughout the year, the business did a good job aligning operating costs with challenging market conditions, while pricing to recover inflation. This focus resulted in a 1% in adjusted EBIT for the year on a comparable constant currency basis. Margins remained strong at 12.8%, despite 100 basis-point dilution related to increased sales dollars from passing through higher raw material costs and general inflation. In terms of the fourth quarter, net sales on a comparable constant currency basis were down 5%, with positive price/mix of 2% more than offset by a 7% decline in volumes. This represents an accelerated volume decline compared with the March quarter, and was consistent trend across most regions. The greatest sequential declines continue to be seen in the North America and European markets, where overall June quarter volumes were lower by high single digits, consistent with softer retail scanner data, and with categories such as premium coffee, protein and healthcare also being incrementally impacted by customer destocking. Adjusted EBIT for the quarter of $387 million was 7% lower than the prior year on a comparable constant currency basis, reflecting the impact of lower volumes, unfavorable mix and ongoing inflation, partly offset by benefits from continued pricing and cost actions. Turning to Rigid Packaging on slide 8. Fiscal ‘23 reported net sales were 4% higher than the same period last year, including approximately $260 million or 8% of sales related to the pass-through of viral material costs. Organic sales declined 3%, reflecting 4% lower volumes, partly offset by a price/mix benefit of 1%. In North America, overall beverage volumes for the year were down 6%. Hot fill volumes were in line with the prior year as new business wins in key category offset unfavorable consumer demand and customer destocking. In specialty containers, volumes were lower than last year, with growth in the healthcare, dairy and nutrition categories offset by weaker volumes in food, home and personal care. And in Latin America, volumes were down low-single-digits versus last year, which reflects challenging macroeconomic conditions across the region. Fiscal ‘23 adjusted EBIT was down 7%, as strong earnings growth in the first half was more than offset by challenging market conditions that accelerated through the second half of the year. Adjusted EBIT margin of 7.5% includes an adverse impact of approximately 80 basis points from the increased sales dollars related to passing through higher raw material costs and general inflation. Looking at the June quarter, comparable constant currency net sales were down 4%. Price/mix benefits of 2% were more than offset by a 6% volume decline, as lower consumer demand and customer destocking continued to impact the business, particularly in North America. On a comparable currency basis, adjusted EBIT for the quarter of $73 million was down $22 million against the strong comparative period. As Ron mentioned earlier, the June quarter is typically the seasonally strongest of the year, and together with volatility in customer order patterns, this limits the ability to fully flex costs. In an environment where production volumes are weaker, fixed cost absorption is also significantly lower, and the combination of these factors amplifies the impact on earnings. The team continued to manage the cost under their control well with additional headcount reductions and more plant shutdown days, and we continue to focus on cost actions as we manage through this cycle of softer demand and destocking. Looking ahead to the September quarter, we do not anticipate market challenges to materially improve, which will have an unfavorable impact on earnings compared with the same quarter last year. Moving to cash and the balance sheet on slide 9. Our financial profile and investment grade balance sheet remain strong. Leverage of 3 times on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis is modestly up from last year, but is aligned with our expectations given the software demand and broad-based destocking through the supply chain. Adjusted free cash flow of $848 million was in line with our updated outlook, though below last year. This reduction mostly reflects lower accounts payable balances as we moderated our purchasing activities, partly to reduce inventories, but also in response to the soft demand environment. This is a timing impact which we expect will abate as we progress through fiscal ‘24. And whilst we have made good progress bringing down our inventory balances, with the reduction of more than $400 million from the peak levels in November ‘22, we will continue to focus on reducing overall working capital to support increase in cash flow. Turning now to the outlook for fiscal 2024 on slide 10. For the ‘24 fiscal year, we expect adjusted EPS of approximately $0.67 to $0.71 per share. This includes expectations that organic growth from the underlying business will be in the plus or minus low-single-digit range, as volumes are expected to remain weak, particularly in the first half. Share repurchases will result in benefit of approximately 2% and currency translation is expected to add a further benefit of 2%, assuming current exchange rates prevail for the balance of the fiscal year. This is expected to be offset by a negative impact of approximately 3% related to the sale of our three plants in Russia in December 2022, and a negative impact of approximately 6% from higher interest and tax expense. As U.S. dollar and euro interest rates have continued to rise, we expect interest expense for fiscal ‘24 to be in the range of $320 million to $340 million. In terms of cash flow, we expect to generate significant adjusted free cash flow in the range of $850 million to $950 million in fiscal ‘24, which represents growth of up to a $100 million over fiscal 2023. We have planned to repurchase at least $70 million of Amcor shares in ‘24, and we have been active on the acquisition front and we’ll continue to pursue M&A opportunities. And as always, we’ll evaluate our uses of cash as we progress through the year. Slide 11 shows that Amcor has a long history of delivering solid and consistent earnings growth, and the phasing of the earnings across the year has also been relatively consistent year to year. For fiscal ‘24, it’s important to call out that phasing of comparable earnings growth is not expected to align with historical trends. We do not expect the challenging market dynamics we’ve seen in the last two quarters to meaningfully improve in the near-term. And in the first half, we assume mid to high single digit volume declines. Given this demand outlook and the unfavorable impact related to higher interest expense, which is expected to moderate in the second half, we anticipate adjusted EPS in the first half of fiscal ‘24 to be down in the high-single-digit to low-double-digit range on a comparable constant currency basis when compared to the prior year. While it’s more difficult to predict consumer demand, we do expect customer inventories will have largely normalized by the time we enter the second half of the fiscal year. Additionally, we have a number of tailwinds in the second half, all of which are within our control, including the benefit of approximately $35 million from structural cost saving initiatives building through the year, increased earnings leverage, resulting from ongoing benefits from price and cost actions, a reduced interest headwind and favorable prior year volume comparatives. The combination of these known factors supports our expectation that adjusted EPS grows mid single digits in the second half of fiscal ‘24 on a comparable constant currency basis. It also gives us confidence in resuming our long-term trend of high-single-digit earnings growth shortly thereafter. It’s also important to highlight here that we do not need to see a significant change in the demand environment to return to solid earnings growth in the second half and beyond. So in summary, we believe the current industry and Amcor specific challenges will primarily be limited to the 2023 calendar year. We remain laser-focused on doing all we can to mitigate the impacts of these challenging conditions while continuing to execute our long-term shareholder value-creation strategy, and we expect to return to our historic high-single-digital organic growth trajectory as we progress through calendar year 2024. So, with that, I’ll turn the call back to Ron to provide some longer term comments.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Turning to our long-term commentary. Slide 12 highlights our strategic areas for investment where we see faster growing higher value opportunities to drive sustainable growth. On prior calls, we’ve covered opportunities in healthcare and in M&A. And today I’ll take a few minutes to talk about protein and the opportunities we see to deliver strong growth in the high-value protein category. Moving to slide 13, the protein category for Amcor includes packaging solutions for processed and fresh beef, pork, poultry, and seafood. And we like this category because it’s a large addressable market, which historically has grown globally at attractive rates, driven mainly by an increasing percentage of the world’s population able to afford to add protein to their diet. We also like the fact that there are many ways to differentiate and add value for customers, since protein packaging requires specialized, more sophisticated and increasingly more sustainable solutions to preserve and protect these premium products. Amcor’s unique product offerings have enabled us to successfully grow our participation in the meat category over several years. Annual revenue from the sale of processed and fresh meat packaging now exceeds $1 billion. While inflationary impacts are currently creating challenging market conditions, looking forward, there are several reasons we believe Amcor can drive growth at a mid-single-digit CAGR over the medium term with margins accretive to our overall average. First, Amcor is well-positioned with a comprehensive product portfolio for processed and fresh meat applications, underpinning our development of better products, our strong capabilities, and significant investments in innovation, sustainability, and technical service. These are critical in an industry that relies on durable, high barrier solutions to preserve shelf life while providing convenience for the consumer in environmentally friendly formats. Second, we have a strong presence in North America, but our global scale and reach enables us to leverage our R&D network and installed capacity to transfer technical and process knowledge across regions as we actively pursue global growth opportunities. And third, there’s a unique go-to-market model in some parts of the world where equipment purchases drive the subsequent sales of packaging films and technical services. Our recent acquisition of Moda positions us well because we’re now able to provide a wholly-owned turnkey equipment solution aligned with this model, where efficiency and the ability to automate are some of the highest priorities for customers. With the recent investments to enhance our offering and go-to-market strategy, we’re well-positioned to grow in this high-value market, and we’re excited with the many opportunities to firmly establish Amcor as a preferred provider of fresh and processed meat packaging solutions globally. I just want to spend a minute on sustainability on slide 14. We continue to make excellent progress supporting the development of circular systems through the three pillars of our responsible packaging strategy, package design, waste management infrastructure and consumer participation. And we’ve made significant advancements on the innovation and design front by developing more sustainable packaging solutions and increasing our use of recycled materials. We’ll provide a more detailed update in our sustainability report, which is expected to be published in October. And we’ve continued to collaborate with other industry leaders in various ways across the value chain to help support the development of the infrastructure required for a circular economy. For example, in May, Amcor, Delterra, P&G and Mars formed a strategic partnership to help reduce plastic waste in the Global South by providing access to waste management and recycling systems and by enhancing consumer education. We’re also partnering with Licella and Mondelēz to help promote a circular economy by bringing on stream one of Australia’s first chemical recycling facilities. This is an exciting development in a market where Amcor’s portfolio of recycle-ready flexible packaging solutions is already well above 90% and will provide local access to food-grade recycled material. So closing on slide 15, our teams are doing a good job navigating challenging industry dynamics by continuing to recover inflation and proactively taking actions to align costs with market conditions. We’re confident in our long-term growth strategy. We have good visibility to factors well within our control that will see us returning to earnings growth aligned with our historic performance and our shareholder value creation model. And operator, with those opening comments, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey guys. Good day. You mentioned that volumes for the first half of fiscal year ‘24 will be down mid- to high- single digits on a year-over-year basis. I think Michael mentioned that. But what are you assuming at this point for fiscal year ‘24 in context of the 3% decline that you reported in fiscal year ‘23?
Ron Delia: Yes. So look, we’re setting the business up to assume that the current market conditions essentially continue through the first half. So, we’re expecting first half to look a bit like the fourth quarter with volumes down mid to high single digits. That’s continued softening of demand and continued destocking pretty broadly across the geographies and segments that we participate in. But the second half, we’re expecting more normal rates of volumes, more like flat to up low single digits. And that’s really just assumes no more destocking and the fact that we’ll be cycling easier comps. So, we’re not baking in any big improvement in demand. And so all up, that would see volumes for the full year down sort of flat to down mid-single digits. That’s the sort of midpoint of our guidance range would see us down kind of low single digits for the full 12 months.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. That’s helpful. And then in terms of the destocking, maybe you can just give us some insight as to the micro nuances between the major regions you have exposure to. And the categories that first started to see destocking, are you starting to see any sort of green shoots, if you will?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, the destocking has been relatively broad, and it’s -- we’ve been at it now -- we’ve been living with it for a couple of quarters. The earliest categories where we started to see some signs of excess inventory in the system were those that were impacted the most acutely by the supply chain challenges over the last 12 to 18 months. So, we saw -- we’ve seen destocking in the meat space. We’ve seen it in the premium coffee space in particular. More recently, in the fourth quarter, we started to see a little bit of destocking in the medical packaging space. And then, certainly, in North America, in the beverage part of our Rigid Packaging business, we’ve seen pretty pronounced destocking at a point -- at a seasonal high point in the year. Now we don’t have a crystal ball, but we do anticipate that the destocking will be largely behind us by the time we exit this calendar year. And certainly, it will have a less meaningful impact as we head into calendar ‘24. If you think about it, our volumes for the quarter were down 7%. We would estimate that about two-thirds of that volume decline is the market and our customer performance and the remaining one-third is we would attribute to destocking. So certainly, as we move forward, and destocking starts to abate through the rest of this calendar year, certainly, that will have less of a negative headwind on our growth rates going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi. Good day, everybody. Hope you’re doing well. Thanks for the details. I guess, the first question is just a quick one on net interest. And I know qualitatively, what you said higher global rates, foreign exchange and the like. But the step-up even from the fourth quarter rate, which was $70 million, so $280 million run rate to the -- I think you’re saying $320 million to $340 million for fiscal ‘24 is pretty steep. And so, is there anything specific we should be understanding in terms of what’s behind that, Michael?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. Look, I think overall, interest rates have continued to rise from this time last year, all through the year. So, we will be lapping higher rates as we exit. Using Q4 as a proxy is not the best quarter to use as a property for interest because that’s our highest cash flow quarter, obviously. So, our interest expense is lower in that quarter, typically in comparison to the rest of the quarters as the cash flow comes through. So, that’s really what we see. We are lapping some higher interest just by the way the rates increased as the year progressed. And there may be one or two further rate increases that we’ve factored into the range. So that’s where we get to that $320 million to $340 range.
George Staphos: Understood. That’s helpful, Michael. And Ron, back to demand and the consumer. To the extent that Amcor produces high-value, high-quality packaging for -- maybe one could argue, sure, they’re staples, but more like affordable luxuries, if you will, premium coffee, protein, premium pet. I think we’ve talked about it in the past, but do you think there’s maybe a little bit more of a negative effect for your customers and therefore for you, given the environment we’ve been going through with inflation? Why? Why not? And are you seeing any signs at all from your customers now asking you to somehow find cost reductions give back so that they in turn can maybe be a little bit more competitive at retail and drive their volume? Thank you.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, George, I think that we still believe the portfolio is really defensive and the categories are, for the most part, consumer staples. Now there are subsegments within segments where things might be a little bit more discretionary because of the premium attached to things like single-serve coffee systems or some of the premium pet food. But overall, across the portfolio, we still believe these categories are defensive. They’ve proven that out over a number of economic cycles. But I think that we’ve got a dislocation here that we haven’t seen in 40 years around inflation. And we convince ourselves of the defensiveness of the portfolio at large by looking at the scanner data, and it’s very broad-based, the weakness, in particular in Europe and in North America in the food business, where you see mid-single-digit declines. And I think generally speaking, others who’ve reported publicly have experienced the same sort of volume effects that we have. So I think, yes, we do aspire to play at the high end of the market, and many of our products are at the premium end. But generally, we’re in stable segments that will grow consistently through economic cycles.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell from Barrenjoe. Please go ahead.
Brook Campbell: Just one on the buyback. Obviously, there’s $70 million left on the existing program. But what’s the thinking about potentially a new program at some point through FY24? Is that the priority once you get through the $70 million, or are you leaving some cash flow there for M&A, or is the priority to sort of pay down some debt and reduce that leverage ratio? Thanks.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Book. I appreciate the question. Look, I think if you look at what we’ve done over the last couple of years, we bought back over $1 billion of shares. And in addition to that, we’ve certainly started to get back on the M&A approach as well. So, we’ve done three deals this year and in ‘23 and also announced another deal just recently. We’re planning to do the $70 million this year. So, we’ll close out that buyback. And I think if you think about our capital allocation approach, I mean, clearly, the priority is to invest back in the business through the CapEx for organic growth, which we’ve stepped that up over the years, and we’ll continue to do that this year. We grew the CapEx, and we’ll have a similar amount as we head into ‘24, taking into account the demand environment. Next year, we obviously pay the dividend and then that growth over time. And then we’ve got $300 million or $400 million left over for -- ideally to put the work on M&A or buyback. And so, think about the last couple of years, we’ve certainly covered that capital allocation on the buyback side and now putting a little bit more into M&A. So, we’ve got $70 million in the outlook for ‘24. As always, we’ll continue to model cash flow as we work through the year and we’ll get back to you if that changes.
Brook Campbell: And just a question on espresso. Your customer there seems pretty keen to move product into, I guess, fiber compostable pods. Could you just confirm if you have the capability and products to perhaps offer that format as well, given, I guess, you’ve got already a lot of capital put into those plants that are co-located, I believe. And if that’s the way that that customer goes, can you sort of participate and offer a different format? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we have a broad offering of fiber-based options for a number of different categories. And so, I think we’re going to be well covered as products move between substrates, whether it’s aluminum or plastic or plastic to fiber or whichever direction the segment evolves. But I would say that that is a niche at the moment. It’s about expanding the pie. Not every consumer will be willing or capable or interested in composting. And we know as well as our customer that the sustainability profile of the aluminum capsule is as attractive as any. It’s a product, it’s a capsule that can be made with 100% recycled aluminum and can be recycled over and over again. And there’s been a lot of investment in the recycling loop for that particular format. So, we’re not concerned about the long-term viability of that format.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cameron McDonald from E&P. Please go ahead.
Cameron McDonald: Can I just ask a question around the destocking that you’re talking about? And my understanding is also that not only are we getting destocking and consumer weakness, but we’re also seeing down trading in -- from sort of more premium products to more home brand type products. Is that having an impact on the packaging demand profile as well and -- either the price or margin that you generate from that premium product in more of the home brand space?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, thanks for the question. It’s a different story in North America from Europe. So, the private label in general has picked up a few percentage points of share broadly across the European market. It’s been -- it’s just slightly now ahead of where the share for private label was in 2019. In North America, we’re not -- we’re still not quite back to the share that private label had in 2019 at large. And ultimately, as products or as sales migrate to private label from branded or vice versa, we’re pretty well exposed. And so, we’ve got a reasonably broad participation in the store brand side of the business, such that those share shifts are not really going to have a material impact on our volumes. And the packaging is essentially the same. That’s part of the private label formula. And so from a margin profile perspective or differentiation perspective, we’re sort of indifferent.
Cameron McDonald: Okay. Great. And just coming back to the previous question on sustainability of packaging, there seems to also be move to potentially be sort of fiber-based and alternative packaging for beverages. What work are you doing around that, please?
Ron Delia: Yes. We have a pretty extensive platform that we call AmFiber, which is fiber-based packaging for a range of product categories, we see the opportunity, particularly in the confectionery space to move from plastic-based products to fiber-based products, culinary, some formats like spices and food additives. So, our work on the fiber side is pretty extensive. There’s a little less activity in the beverage space, to be quite honest. But generally speaking, AmFiber is a big platform for us, and we’re optimistic about the growth outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I guess, the first question is I think about the quarter and then moving into ‘24. I just wanted to ask a question on mix. And I look at it in the Flexibles segment, mix is still a 2% positive contributor in the quarter, less than it had been earlier in the year, but still positive year-on-year, although I look at kind of some of the parts of Flexibles that I’ve historically thought had contributed to that mix in terms of healthcare and protein and pad and premium coffee. And those all were down kind of consistent with the overall segment volumetrically. So, just help us maybe dissect kind of what’s happening in mix and kind of where you see that trending through fiscal ‘24?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we had unfavorable mix in both segments in the fourth quarter as you -- and you pointed out the reasons why. I mean, some of the categories that you would expect to be positive contributors to mix, were softer in the fourth quarter, in particular, pet care even slowed a bit in the fourth quarter as did medical. What you’re referring to is price and mix together. And I think you’ve got to bear in mind that we’re still experiencing reasonably high levels of inflation, and we still have been and continue to be actively pricing to recover inflation. So for the fiscal year, we priced up about $1.1 billion between raw materials and general inflation, about $300 million to $340 million of that was general inflation. And so, you’re seeing price and mix combined. So, you’ve got positive price offset by [Technical Difficulty].
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That’s really helpful. And if I could just ask a follow-up on your -- kind of the move or just the focus on proteins and the investments in equipment. I mean you’ve got some pretty large incumbents when you think about that market, especially on the fresh meat side with equipment. I mean, what do you think the business needs to scale and grow more significantly there where you’ve got -- you do have a competitor who has a pretty significant incumbent market position?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, that’s clear. And most of our markets are pretty competitive, including that one. What we needed as a starting point was a full system offering, which we didn’t have. And so, the Moda acquisition allows us to offer the primary packaging equipment. It will offer -- will allow us to offer technical services and parts. And that all combines with what we believe is industry-leading film technology, including in that space. And the films in the protein space are amongst the most demanding of any that we produce. If you think about the functional requirements for meat packaging, there’s obviously a barrier that’s required to preserve shelf life. There also tends to be the need for function resistance. You got to run these packages through the lines, the packaging lines at high speed, so the processing requirement is quite high. And we believe we’ve got some advantaged film technology and the ability to now go to market with a full solution, including equipment and aftermarket service just completes the puzzle for us. So, we’re really excited about the market. It’s also one that we can leverage over our global footprint. And it really represents a pretty visible revenue synergy from the Bemis acquisition of several years ago now. So, we’re pretty -- we’re excited about it. And look, every segment is competitive, and we just have to -- we have to compete and earn the business, obviously. But we’re pretty optimistic we’ll be able to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Seow from Citibank.
Sam Seow: Just I wanted to follow up on some earlier comments that you’ve got [Technical Difficulty] volume growth assuming in the second half of ‘24 kind of growth expectations. So just to confirm, you’re saying if volume growth starts to come back, you’d expect upside to that mid-single to high single digits in the second half?
Ron Delia: Yes. We’re not banking on a much improved demand picture. We think it’s more prudent for us to set the business up to assume that volumes are going to be challenged through the year. So for the first half of the year, we’re expecting volumes to continue to be down mid single digits, mid to high single digits. Second half of the year, we would expect volumes to be flat to maybe up low single digits. And we believe that’s possible without much of an improvement in the underlying demand profile because we are pretty confident that we’ll be through the other end of the destocking cycle by the time we get to calendar year 2024. So yes, there’s no expectation of a dramatic improvement in the overall demand environment that’s baked into our guidance.
Sam Seow: That’s helpful. And just a follow-up on potential volume growth. Looking through the year, it looks like Rigid [Technical Difficulty] decline followed by Flexibles as we think about potential [Technical Difficulty] logical to expect Rigid to come back quicker than Flexibles, or is there something to call out there?
Ron Delia: Look, we would expect the volume trajectory to be roughly comparable. Now Rigid has got another strong -- another seasonally strong quarter to get through. And we’re not expecting the business to be all the way back from a demand perspective in the fiscal first quarter. In fact, we expect continued softness and continued destocking in the North American beverage business in particular. But generally speaking, if we take a 12-month view, our expectation is that the volume trajectory would be similar across the two segments. And look, as you pointed out, this is the swing factor in our guidance range. So, to the extent that the volume picture improves, that would be a driver of us getting to the higher end of our range or beyond. We’re just not setting the business up to expect that. We’re taking the cost actions that you’d expect us to take, and we’re going to be really prudent before we anticipate demand coming back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Kang from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Daniel Kang: First one, maybe to Mike. Just in regards to your FY24 guidance. Can you talk us through your assumptions and maybe expectations on price/mix and any input cost tailwinds?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think if I take the raw material side first, we experienced in Q4, we saw raw materials pretty well across the board come down in that mid-single-digit range after a pretty benign Q3. And in Q4, we saw -- we just saw a modest tailwind as we’re still cycling through the higher inventories and also reduced purchases. So, as we look forward on the raw materials side, what we see into the first quarter really is a pretty benign environment, basically flat raw material, maybe slightly down, but that would translate into a relatively modest tailwind in the first quarter. After that, we’ll see where things go on the raw materials side. Look, on the price/mix, we’ll continue to price for inflation. So, as we’ve said in the remarks throughout, we expect to continue along the price and cost initiatives that we’ve already been taking. So inflation, albeit we’re still expecting inflation, perhaps maybe at slightly lower levels than we’ve been experiencing. But we will continue to see inflation as we work through ‘24. So we’d expect to see some price to offset that as well as cost. And then on the mix side, look, I think initially, we would expect some negative mix really as we saw in Q4, which we touched on the call already today. So things like healthcare, pet food, coffee, et cetera, as we’re just cycling, some stronger parities on that front, we would expect mix to be perhaps a negative particularly as we start the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Johnson from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Richard Johnson: Ron, one of the things we’re hearing quite consistently now from a lot of your major customers is some very significant SKU rationalization programs that they’re having. In particular, I believe I’m right in saying that Unilever taking the SKU is down by 25%, which is a huge number. I was just interested in getting your opinion on what that means, if anything, for yourselves.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s maybe not as pervasive as it might seem from some of the public comments. But to the extent that SKUs can get rationalized, it’s generally a good thing for us. There’s two things going on. There is a bit of SKU rationalization. The other thing that’s happening is the continued evolution towards more sustainable formats and more sustainable SKUs. And I think SKUs have proliferated across all the categories that we service. You think about the variety of the store shelves certainly here in the U.S., it’s really been explosive growth over a long period of time and the number of SKUs that are available. So, anything that simplifies the business and takes out unnecessary or non-value-adding complexity is generally a good thing. And then at the same time, helping that process along by introducing more sustainable formats is also advantageous to us, too. So I think we’re in lockstep with the customers that you probably have in mind, and on that journey or both of those journeys at the same time.
Richard Johnson: That’s helpful. Thanks. And then just finally, you referred to your volume pressure’s being more skewed to developed rather than emerging markets, which, of course, is pretty understandable. I was just interested if we get a bit more detail on where you sit in EM because others and there are reports that there’s been significant down-trading in emerging markets as well away from multinationals to local brands in particular, and then obviously for many large packaging company or global packaging companies, that might be unhelpful. So, I’m just trying to get a sense of why you may have outperformed in EM relative to others? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s a good question. It feels more like the underperformance in the DMs relative to the EMs is the thing that’s not easy to understand. I mean we saw volume declines in Europe and North America, kind of high single digits in the fourth quarter, again, entirely consistent with what others have reported and the scanner data, et cetera. But the EM business has held up, but we had volumes in Asia, in the emerging part of Asia, basically flat in the quarter. Latin America was down mid-single digits. So both of those regions had better volume performance than the two big developed markets. Look, I don’t know. I think we have a pretty compelling value proposition in emerging markets generally as an innovation leader and a sustainability leader. And then our participation in our customer mix generally looks like the market. So, if I take a business like China, we actually have more of our sales to local customers than to multinationals. And basically, that reflects the market shares of those respective customer groups. So, I think we’re well balanced for the differential growth rates that you’re referring to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Purtell from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
John Purtell: I just had a couple of questions. Just first one for Michael, just in terms of interest expense. What percentage is fixed and floating now? And are you looking to fix more to essentially kind of lock in your interest expense?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, John, so -- traditionally, we’ve been in that 50-50 fixed-floating mix but more recently, so over ‘23 and looking into ‘24 a more 70-30. So, would take a bit of the volatility out of the mix there on that front. So, that’s where we sit today in that 70-30 range, fixed-floating.
John Purtell: See that is pretty stable.
Michael Casamento: Yes.
John Purtell: And just a second question, Ron, on acquisitions. Are you seeing more opportunities now that fit your criteria? And obviously, valuations are generally coming down. And will you sort of naturally play at the smaller to medium end? Obviously, we saw Constantia recently sold to private equity.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we have been more active. So we’ve done four deals in the last 12 months. They’re all of the small variety and single plant deals. So, the first comment I would make is, yes, there are more things that seem to be coming to market. I mean we went through a period of pretty pronounced market dislocation through COVID and then the supply chain constraints and now some softer volumes, but I think sellers are more likely to bring things to market now than they would have been, let’s say, two years ago. So the pipeline is relatively robust, and we’ve been able to convert four small deals in the last 12 months. The second part of your question about the size really just reflects the nature of the participants in our space. There’s just by number, and I hold a lot more smaller single plant businesses than there are large multibillion-dollar businesses like the one that you mentioned. So I think just generally, you’re going to see us execute more smaller deals. It doesn’t mean for a second that we would not love to deploy bigger amounts of capital. So, we would be on the lookout for medium and larger sized deals as well. I just think by the law of numbers, will suggest that most of the deals will be the smaller variety.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly from UBS. Please go ahead.
Nathan Reilly: Question about just the cost out program, how much flexibility you might have around that just in terms of whether that destocking trend continues a little bit longer than, I guess, what you’ve currently forecast, how much flexibility you might have just to sort of go a little bit harder around the cost base?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we’re getting after it pretty good would be the first thing I would say. So we’re going after it reasonably hard. You have to remember also that the business has been optimized through the last several years, I mean, through the Bemis integration, we took a number of plants out of the network. A couple of years before that, we took a few out of the rigids network as well. So the business is reasonably well optimized. But that being said, there’s more opportunity. And we’ve announced 3.5 plant closures already. There’ll be more. The common with demand remains depressed, then there is the opportunity to do a little bit more, although I would also point out that the ultimate path to value creation for the Company is to grow, and we want to make sure that we’ve got the productive assets available when demand normalizes. We don’t see any of the demand challenges that we’re experiencing right at the moment, we don’t see a secular. We believe this is a cycle, and we believe it’s an inflation induced cycle and that volumes will return. And I mean, certainly, the destocking impact will abate. But we do preserve the flexibility here if we need to go after it harder on the cost side, we certainly will do that.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Thank you. And I guess, just following through in terms of historically, you’ve managed cost inflation quite well. But I guess -- and I’m talking about the general cost inflation in terms of being able to pass that through to customers with higher pricing. But in a period that’s characterized by a high level of destocking and lower demand, can you give us an update on how you’re going just in terms of recovering the general cost inflation and just around that, maybe just a comment around just how that sort of inflation has been trending recently?
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, as far as the trend, I think we are starting to see inflation moderate. I’m not sure that we’re seeing prices fall anywhere, but we’re seeing the rate of increase certainly decline across most of the cost buckets. I’d say labor is still -- increase in kind of mid-single digits. We still have higher energy costs than we had a couple of years ago. Freight might be one area where we’ve seen some declines off of the peaks. So, it’s still a real fact of life, number 1. Number 2, I think we have been successful in pricing to recover. We remain kind of fully recovered, if you will. Last year, the general inflation running through the business was over $300 million, and we offset that with price. We’ll expect to continue to do that as we go into fiscal ‘24. We also reset prices with new contracts. And as you expect that probably two-thirds of the business is contracted, maybe three quarters of the business is contracted. The average duration is 2 to 3 years, maybe 4 years. So every year, you’re turning over a portion of the revenue base and having an opportunity to reset pricing to reflect the current dynamics in the current inflation conditions. So, it remains a fact of life. But I certainly feel like we’re coming out the other end of the inflationary cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Wilson from Jarden Australia. Please go ahead.
James Wilson: I was just wondering if you could give us maybe a little bit more color firstly on how your inventory and working capital management is progressing heading into ‘24.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I can take that one there. Look, we were obviously building inventory this time last year, and that was back on -- there was supply constraints in the marketplace. A lot of different activity happening, and we certainly built inventory during that period as well as putting through over the last two years, put $3 billion roughly through the top line in terms of price to recover raw material and inflation. So, both of those factors have impacted working capital. But from November, we really worked down our inventory levels. And from the peak in November, we’ve taken nearly $400 million out and $200 million of that was just in Q4. We haven’t seen the full benefit of that really come through from a cash flow standpoint yet because at the same time in this -- particularly in the second half of the year, we’ve seen a much lower payables position. So our -- although our inventory has come down kind of point-to-point over the year around $200 million, our payables have also actually come down about $500 million. So, if you look at our working capital performance during the year, we had a cash outflow of around $230 million. Really, that’s the payables impact. So, as we’ve seen the lower demand signals we’ve started to reduce our purchasing in addition to that, taking inventory out of the system. And so, we did see a negative impact on working capital as a cash outflow in the year. As we look forward, we’ve still got work to do on the inventory side, and we’ll continue to focus on that. And I think the payable side will start to normalize as we work through some of this softer demand. So, as we work through ‘24, certainly not anticipating a cash outflow at the level that we had in FY23. And we hope to be able to get to a more neutral position by the year-end. From a working capital sales standpoint, we’re about 9.5% working capital sales at the moment. Typically, we would be more in the 8% to 9% range. So I think we’ve certainly got some opportunity there as well as you look forward over the next couple of years.
James Wilson: And guys, just in terms of how much of that is sort of baked into your free cash flow guidance for next year, am I right in seeing that as sort of a buffer on the downside, or is that potentially already baked into what you’ve come out with today as guidance?
Michael Casamento: Yes. So the cash flow guidance for ‘24 is $850 million to $950 million. So, it’s a $100 million range, which is really the working capital range in there. So, at the midpoint, probably still going to see a little bit of cash outflow, but we’ve obviously got some opportunity to do better than that, and that’s really the working capital is the key factor there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Ryall from Rimor. Please go ahead.
Scott Ryall: Hopefully mine are quite quick questions. I was wondering if you could comment on what you’ve seen in terms of the changes of your customers in terms of their price expectations around responsible, sustainable packaging, please, and the willingness to pay a premium, I guess, over the virgin products? How that’s changed over the last 12 months, that’s what I’m asking. Sorry.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I don’t know that it’s changed much. I mean I think customers understand that there’s more value to be ascribed to a product that’s got a better sustainability profile. And I think consumers understand that as well. It’s another element of functionality that is now expected in consumer products. And that is the environmental profile is at least neutral, if not positive, overall. And there’s value associated with that. And so, most of these products do have a premium. There’s also the scale curve that we need to work through. We’re introducing new products and like any new product with less volume and less scale benefits typically tends to start out at a higher price point. It will evolve over time. But I think as brand owners look to meet their own commitments and you take the full range of different costs, including regulatory costs into consideration, the more sustainable products offer higher value and therefore, they tend to carry a bit higher price, particularly at the outset.
Scott Ryall: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then secondly, I just wanted to ask a bit more about the Licella plant in Australia. And just for a bit more detail, am I right, firstly, that you’ve invested directly in Licella, then can you just give us a few stage gates or timings around when that plant will come into operation? And I guess, thirdly, just discuss in the U.S. market where we’ve got a lot of advanced recycling facilities being built or already built. They tend to be linked with one of the major petrochemical companies. How do you think about the risk around using effectively the solution with a start-up, please?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, there’s a lot there, and it’s a pretty exciting project. So I’m glad you asked. I mean, the investment we’ve made, firstly, I would just make sure it’s clear, it’s a modest investment, several million dollars that’s in the single digits of millions of dollars. We’re co-investing with Mondelēz and we’re investing in Licella as the technology provider for this particular plant that’s going to be built in the western suburbs of Melbourne and Altona. We’re pretty excited because it will bring recycled content -- chemically recycled material to the Australian market with local production, which is great because the collection of soft plastics as they’re referred to in Australia through the REDcycle program needs an outlet. This plant will be a perfect outlet for the recycled plastics that are collected. And then the brand owners in Australia are differentiating and are really advocates for more sustainable packaging, including packaging made with recycled content. So, there’s a captive supply of the primary input, which is waste plastic. And there’s a captive market, which is the brand owner and the Australian consumer looking for more sustainable packaging. So, we’re really excited about this. In terms of stage gates, look, it’s a pretty extensive build, as you’d imagine. It’s -- the site has been selected. If there’s a chance, the plant could be operational by the end of calendar ‘24, but it’s really an 18- to 24-month project.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Ron, I was asking earlier, just are you seeing any signs from your customers at all as they’re trying to find ways to stimulate growth? Maybe they’re considering more promotional activity at the request of their customers that they’re now coming back to their packaging suppliers and looking for your and other companies’ support perhaps with givebacks cost reductions, productivity, what’s happening there, if anything, on that front? Thanks. And good luck in the quarter.
Ron Delia: Yes. Thanks, George. Look, others have talked about potentially increased promotional activity. We really haven’t seen much of that of any great consequence. I mean, you see it a little bit more in the beverage space in the summer season. But really, I mean -- and there are pockets of promotions here and there, but nothing that’s pervasive enough that we would point to that’s got a material impact on our volume outlook. I mean, it would be great if it happens. That would be upside. We’re certainly not banking on increased promotional activity leading to higher volumes for Amcor. If it happens, as I said, it would be great. And the pricing dynamic is, as we’ve discussed on this call, I mean, there’s continued inflation recovery that’s necessary. And while it’s moderating, it’s still a fact of life that we’ve got to recover continued inflation through our cost base, and that’s what we’re busy doing.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Ron Delia for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Ron Delia: Thanks, operator, and thanks for everyone’s interest in Amcor and for joining our call today. We appreciate it, and we’ll speak to you at the end of the first quarter. And we’ll end the call there. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our [Technical Difficulty] today’s call. Please disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-05-02 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor Third Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ms. Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Tracey Whitehead: Thanks, Christie, and thank you, everyone, for joining Amcor's fiscal 2023 third quarter and year-to-date earnings call. Joining today is Ron Delia, Amcor's Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over a few items to note on our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press Release and presentation, which we will discuss on this call. Please be aware that we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates and reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and one follow-up and then rejoin the queue if you have additional questions. With that, over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks, everyone, for joining, Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's March quarter and year-to-date results for fiscal 2023. We'll begin with some prepared remarks, starting as we always do with safety on Slide 3. Safety is our most important value at Amcor, which means our commitment to keeping our coworkers safe is unwavering. We're highly proactive in our approach to continuous safety improvement and our results continue to be rewarded. On a fiscal year-to-date basis, we reduced injuries globally by 23% compared to last fiscal year and 64% of our global sites have been injury-free for 12 months or more. While these are excellent industry-leading results and a reflection of our commitment to mitigating risk and protecting our people, the journey towards zero injuries continues. Turning to our key messages on Slide 4. First, Amcor's portfolio is well positioned and is primarily exposed to consumer staples and health care end markets. We have leadership tons in several strong underlying businesses, a compelling customer value proposition and differentiated execution capabilities, all of which contributed to solid financial performance for the first nine months of fiscal 2023. That said, we're not completely immune to broader market challenges, and we were cautious heading into the third quarter. Market dynamics led to increased volume softness and volatility throughout the quarter, particularly in the month of March, and our updated outlook assumes this continues through the balance of the fiscal 2023 year. Against this backdrop, our teams remain laser-focused on supporting decisive price and cost actions. The recovery of higher input costs remains a top priority, and we're also taking a range of actions to flex and reduce operating costs while advancing structural cost reductions. These actions give us confidence that earnings growth will build as we progress through fiscal '24. Importantly, we remain focused on executing against our strategy for long-term growth and value creation. We have a strong, well-positioned business, and while we navigate short-term challenges, we'll continue to reinvest for organic growth, pursue M&A opportunities and/or repurchase shares and pay a compelling and growing dividend. Moving to Slide 5 for a summary of our financial results. Reported net sales for the first nine months were up 4%, which includes an unfavorable currency impact of 4% and approximately $750 million of price increases related to higher raw material costs. Organic sales were up 2% on a comparable constant currency basis and volumes were 2% lower. For the March quarter, sales were up 1% on a comparable constant currency basis, with volumes down approximately 3.5%. In both periods, price/mix benefits of around 4% included recovery of general inflation, which has totaled approximately $240 million on a year-to-date basis and approached $100 million for the quarter. Year-to-date adjusted EBIT of $1.2 billion and EPS of $0.541 per share were both up 4% on a comparable constant currency basis, benefiting from strong operating leverage in the first half of the year. In the March quarter, adjusted EBIT of $382 million was down 2.5% on a comparable basis versus the prior year. A modest decline as proactive cost actions helped offset significant headwinds related to a challenging operating environment. We continue to execute well on our capital allocation priorities, returning approximately $745 million of cash to shareholders during the first nine months through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We ramped up our share repurchases during the third quarter, and year-to-date, we've bought back 18 million shares for a total cost of $200 million and our overall financial profile remains robust with return on average funds employed above 16%. Now turning to Slide 6. I want to provide a bit more color on what we've seen through the third quarter, and more importantly, the decisive actions we're taking and will continue to take. Three primary factors influenced our performance in both the Flexibles and Rigid Packaging segments in the quarter. First, the general market remains soft and more volatile, leading to lower volumes from a combination of weaker consumer demand and further destocking. Last quarter, we highlighted that demand would be a critical driver of our financial performance, and we expected Q3 and Q4 volumes could be in the range of plus or minus low single digits. In January and February, volumes were tracking at the lower end of those expectations down between 1% and 2%, then weakened through the month of March to be down on 7%. Volatility in customer order patterns also increased throughout the quarter, most notably in our Rigid Packaging North American beverage business. Our teams are adept at flexing the cost base to match anticipated demand although more volatility in orders is compromises the ability to pull the appropriate cost levers quickly enough in response, leading to operating inefficiencies. Second, mix trends were unfavorable across much of the business. Destocking continued in higher-value premium coffee and protein categories. And although health care continued to contribute solid growth, it was at a slower rate as we begin to lap a very strong prior year. Our North American beverage business also experienced unfavorable product and customer mix. And third, cost inflation is ongoing as we expected. While the rate may be moderating in some areas, inflation remains elevated in most of our markets. So these impacts are not entirely new, and we saw the need for caution at the back end of last quarter and have been out in front, proactively managing the controllables and taking decisive pricing cost actions, which continued in Q3. First, we've successfully driven more than $1 billion of price on a year-to-date basis to compensate for higher raw materials and general inflation, and we'll continue to take further actions where inflation persists. Second, we continue to actively flex and reduce operating costs. We've reduced our global headcount by more than 1,000 positions, lower discretionary spending, increased the number of full or partial plant shutdown days and extracted more procurement benefits. Year-to-date, these efforts have lowered costs by approximately $140 million. We expect to drive additional cost savings of approximately $50 million to $60 million across the business in Q4, including a further reduction of approximately 200 positions. And third, as we've previously announced, we're also pursuing a range of structural cost savings initiatives. And to date, we've announced three plant closures and one partial closure, and we could add more depending on how the demand environment evolves. We expect to deliver at least $50 million in cost savings from these structural initiatives, which will begin to benefit earnings in fiscal '24, primarily in the second half. We expect current market conditions will persist in the near term, so we remain laser-focused on controlling what we can control and responding with actions. I'll now turn it over to Michael to cover more of the financials.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron, and hi, everyone. Beginning with the Flexibles segment on Slide 7. Year-to-date reported sales grew 2%, which included a recovery of higher raw material costs of approximately $490 million, representing 6% sales growth. Excluding the raw material impact of negative currency movements, sales grew 3%, driven by favorable price/mix benefits across all Flexibles business units, partly offset by 2% lower volumes. Our strategic focus on higher-value priority categories has continued to drive year-to-date sales growth, particularly strong volume growth in the health care and pet care categories has helped limit the impact of lower volumes in other categories such as protein and premium coffee. The business has continued to show solid operating cost performance and recovery of inflation, resulting in a 5% year-to-date increase in adjusted EBIT on a comparable constant currency basis. Margins remained strong at 12.4% despite the 80 basis point dilution related to increased sales dollars from passing through higher raw material costs. In terms of the third quarter, if we call out worth touching on. Net sales on a comparable constant currency basis were 2% higher, reflecting positive price/mix benefits. Volumes were down 3% in the quarter, as market conditions led to a combination of lower consumer demand and customer destocking to varying degrees across all Flexibles businesses. This compares to a 1% reduction in volumes in the first half of the year, with the greatest sequential declines in Europe and North America, where compared with the same quarter last year, volumes were down mid-single digits and low single digits, respectively. In both regions, the overall trends towards lower volumes and month-to-month variability is consistent with retail scanner data with categories such as premium coffee and protein being incrementally impacted by customer destocking. This also contributed to unfavorable mix in the quarter, along with expected slowing of growth rates in health care as we cycled strong growth in the prior year. Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was broadly in line with the prior year on a comparable constant currency basis, reflecting unfavorable volume and mix trends and ongoing cost dilation. This was offset by continued pricing actions and benefits from cost productivity and cost reduction initiatives, which increased as we progress through the quarter. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 8. On a year-to-date basis, net sales were 8% higher than the same period last year, including approximately $260 million or 11% of sales related to the pass-through of higher raw material costs. Organic sales declined by 2%, reflecting 3% lower volumes, partly offset by 1% price/mix benefits. In North America, overall beverage volumes for the first nine months were down 5% volumes were up 2% and up significantly up over the past two years, with growth in key categories, including isotonics, juices and ready-to-drink tea. Offset by lower container volumes, which reflects a combination of lower consumer demand and customer destocking. Specialty container volumes were comparable with last year, and Latin America volumes were down 2% with challenging economic conditions leading to lower consumption across most of the region. Year-to-date adjusted EBIT was in line with last year as strong earnings growth in the first half was offset by a more challenging March quarter. Adjusted EBIT margin of 7.2% includes an adverse impact of approximately 8 basis points from the increased sales dollar related to passing through higher raw material costs. Looking at the March quarter, Comparable constant currency net sales were down 4% with continued soft consumer demand and customer destocking driving volumes lower in both North America and Latin America. Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was down $7 million on a constant currency basis, reflecting unfavorable volume and mix trends and ongoing cost inflation. This was partly offset by benefits from cost reduction initiatives. And as Ron mentioned earlier, volatility has been particularly notable in North America beverage business, with order patterns changing on a week-to-week basis, significantly impacting our ability to flex costs quickly enough in response. Combined with mid-single-digit volume declines and unfavorable customer and product mix trends, this has had a meaningful impact on operating leverage for our beverage business than we have seen in other businesses. As market-driven consumer demand remains soft and customers continue to reduce inventories, the business took a range of actions to lower costs, including reducing headcount. Across the network this year, the business has also taken temporary plant shutdowns to better align production with lower demand, where possible and to prioritize our inventory reduction efforts. Looking ahead, the June quarter is typically the seasonally strongest quarter for North America beverage business. This year, based on continued challenging market dynamics, we expect volume weakness with increased volatility mix challenges and ongoing inflation to persist through the U.S. summer and we anticipate need to continue reducing inventories through the June quarter. As a result, relative to what we have seen in the March quarter, we expect this combination of factors to have a larger unfavorable impact on June quarter earnings compared to the same quarter last year. Moving to cash on the balance sheet on Slide 9. Our financial profile remains strong with leverage at 3.1x on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis, broadly in line with last year and where we would expect it to be at this time of year. Year-to-date cash flow remains below last year, mostly related to lower accounts payable balances as we moderate our purchasing activities, partly to reduce inventories, but also to reflect the soft demand environment. This is a timing impact, which will abate in the coming quarters. We are already making good progress on inventories with balances coming down over the last several months, and we expect a further reduction in the June quarter. Our cash flow is typically weighted to the fourth quarter, and we expect adjusted free cash flow in Q4 to be broadly in line with last year. This brings me to our outlook on Slide 10. Given our expectation that current market conditions will persist in the near term, leading to a mid-single-digit overall volume decline in the fourth quarter, we are updating our guidance range for adjusted EPS of $0.72 to $0.74 per share assuming current foreign exchange rates prevail through the balance of the year. We also expect full year adjusted free cash flow in the range of $800 million to $900 million, which includes our updated expectations on timing for working capital improvements. The slide lays out the elements making up our guidance. We expect a benefit of approximately 2% from share repurchases and earnings from the underlying business to be in line with last year, notwithstanding the significant market challenges we faced and will continue to face through the balance of fiscal '23. As Ron mentioned, we have already passed through more than $1 billion in price related to raw materials and general inflation and delivered $140 million of -- and we expect to deliver a new $50 million to $60 million in cost savings across the business in the fourth quarter. Throughout the year, we've also highlighted the significant non-operating headwinds we faced from higher interest expense and invested around our three plants in Russia, which will be absent or significantly reduced in the second half of fiscal '24, with the benefits from the proactive actions we are taking in response to current market conditions, we are confident that earnings growth will build as we progress through the 2024 fiscal year. With that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, Michael. While we navigate a challenging environment in the short term, we have a strong foundation, and we remain committed to our strategy of driving long-term growth and profitability. And that strategy consists of investments in both organic growth and strategic M&A. On previous calls, we've highlighted the importance of our priority categories, emerging markets, innovation and helping deliver organic growth and better mix over the longer term. And our financial results over the years have demonstrated the success of that focus. For the longer-term comments today, I want to highlight how M&A complements each of these areas and spend a little time outlining our approach to delivering additional growth through acquisitions. Turning to Slide 12. Disciplined M&A has been part of Amcor's playbook for a long time. Our history of successful deal execution and integration has helped us establish or build industry-leading positions, support earnings growth and drive consistent value creation. Our model starts with strategic fit. We look across a number of factors when prioritizing opportunities, including businesses where Amcor or the Target is a leadership position, where the target can complement our existing footprint or where we gain access to a new customer base or new technologies. Second, in terms of financial strategy, we have been and will continue to be highly disciplined. We target all deals to deliver a double-digit return on the cash investment and well above our cost of capital within three to five years. And third, our investment-grade balance sheet and strong annual cash flow provide ample capacity and access to financing to continue to pursue M&A or share repurchases in addition to investing in the base business and funding the dividend. And we've been quietly active on the acquisition front. Last week, we signed a deal to acquire Motor Systems, a New Zealand-based manufacturer of high-performance vacuum and packaging equipment for the fresh meat, poultry and dairy markets, with machines currently installed in a number of geographies, including North America. This is a small but important acquisition, which will complement Amcor's existing strength in film enabling us to offer a total system solution for automated protein packaging. Other recent deals over the past nine months include the acquisition of Shanghai-based medical packaging company, MDK in January, a deal that checks all the boxes to reinforce a priority category, expand an emerging market and broaden our product technology offering. And in August last year, we completed the acquisition of a state-of-the-art Flexibles packaging plant in the Czech Republic which increases our capacity to service strong growth in end markets, including pet care and coffee from a highly efficient, scalable production hub in a low-cost region. On the corporate venturing side, our team has done an excellent job identifying opportunities to help funds, support and learn from new external developments that have the potential to become smart, functional and sustainable packaging solutions in the future. M&A and corporate venturing are integral parts of our growth agenda and looking forward, we'll continue to be active, but also strategic and disciplined. Before we turn to questions, just a minute on sustainability on Slide 13. We continue to advance our sustainability agenda on a number of fronts, and our success in supporting customers transition their own portfolios to more sustainable solutions and reduce their carbon footprint has recently been acknowledged by several important industry third parties. Early in 2023, our innovation and sustainable product design leadership was highlighted by the World Packaging organization with Amcor's Am Prima and AM Sky recycle-ready product platforms named as winners in three categories. In February, the CDP or carbon disclosure project awarded Amcor and A- as part of its annual ratings. And this superior grade recognizes Amcor's ongoing sustainability commitment and achievements, including our pledge to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and our new target to use 30% recycled material across Amcor by 2030. And also in February, Amcor's leadership in responsible packaging and overall commitment to ESG was recognized by MSCI with a AA rating, marking the fifth consecutive year that we received the ranking. In summary, on Slide 14, the market remains challenging, but we're well positioned and confident in our ability to manage through this short-term period while continuing to generate value for our customers and shareholders. Most importantly, we believe the actions we're taking now will result in earnings growth building as we progress through fiscal '24, and we remain focused on delivering against our strategies for long-term growth, including executing well on M&A, and expanding our leadership in sustainability. Operator, with those opening remarks concluded, we are ready to open the call to questions. Operator, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Ron, maybe you could just build up your comments and just touch on which specific categories do you expect incremental volume weakness in the June quarter? I think the March quarter was down 3%, you're getting towards down mid-single digits and then also expand a bit more on the dynamic order patterns that you're calling out from your customers?
Ron Delia: Yes, good way to get started here again, volume story has been quite volatile. I mean if you go back even to the end of our second quarter, we had flagged that demand or volumes had softened coming through the back end of calendar '22, and that certainly continued. In the first couple of months of the year, January and February, we were down about 1% or 2%, March, down almost 7% with the heightened volatility, which I'll come back to. As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we just are extrapolating what we've experienced in March and to some extent, already through the month of April to get to that mid-single-digit decline, certain categories. And we've seen destocking continue to see destocking in a number of categories, particularly ones that were affected by some of the supply chain constraints over the last 18 to 24 months where we know there is a lot of over ordering in some cases to buttress against those challenges. So segments like meat certain part of the coffee space, premium coffee, healthcare to some extent which is cycling a stronger comp. That's what we expect for the fourth quarter. As far as the volatility, it's really just week-to-week order changes and schedule alterations and things of that nature, which just make it a little bit harder to take as much cost out as you'd like. It's just a particularly volatile period out there. North American beverage, in particular, for a number of reasons, including the seasonality of that business has continued to be particularly volatile. So, we're expecting that to continue along with the demand weakness in the fiscal fourth quarter here.
Ghansham Panjabi: And then on that, Ron, for my second question, just given the operating environment that your customers are facing with faced with at this point. Is that starting to impact their new product development cadence? And how does that compare to previous slowdowns, i.e., recessions in the past?
Ron Delia: It hasn't necessarily slowed the dialogue with customers on new product development. I would say almost universally, our new product development agenda is with our big customers are oriented around sustainable packaging and delivering a package that's more sustainable than the one that's in the market today. That has not abated at all. That has not slowed. If anything, it's accelerated as we came out of COVID, our brand owners have the same public commitments that we have to make their packaging recyclable or compostable or reusable mostly by 2025 and to use more recycled content. And so we've not seen any slowdown to date in the product development side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Ron, I'm wondering what the full year guidance might assume for kind of where price cost could shake out for fiscal 4Q? And then just maybe directionally what that price cost trajectory could look like early next fiscal year? And maybe if you could just give us any kind of additional color on resin or labor or any other cost buckets that are impacting you?
Michael Casamento: Yes, it's Michael here. I can take that three for you. Thanks for the question. Yes, look, I mean, Q4, where we see raw materials right now, we've seen a relatively line environment in Q3. Q1, we saw raw materials come off in Q2, a more modest reduction. And then in Q2, Q3, relatively flat remembering that we have a broad base of raw materials we purchased angiographies across the globe. So as we look forward into Q4, relatively benign environment, we'd expect. So from a price/cost perspective, -- you've seen it actually come down as we progress through the year. So in Q4, it's going to be a very modest price increase or flat thereabouts. From an inflationary standpoint, we continue to see inflation in things like labor. I mean we've reset labor rates as of the 1st of January. So you've seen mid-single-digit increases there continue. Things like energy we continue to see increases and spikes in places like the West Coast of North America and Europe, still seeing significant increases in energy in that space. So, you saw us talk about the recovery of around $250 million in price year-to-date on general inflation and $750 million on raw materials. As we look forward into Q4, I think from a general inflation standpoint, we'd expect to see a similar number as we saw in Q3, which is around that $100 million mark.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just one quick follow-up on the $50 million structural cost reduction. Is there any view in terms of that being weighted more towards '24 or '25 million it seems like it could be pretty sizable if that fell to the bottom line?
Ron Delia: Yes, sure. I mean, just to remind people the structural benefits program, we're investing around $170 million in cash to help offset the disposed Russia earnings. The expectation is that the benefits from that will be around 30% on the cash investment. We've already made some initial inroads into those projects. We closed three plants and a past closure as well. So we'd expect the benefits start to build on that through FY '24, albeit weighted to the second half of FY '24. And so we'd expect 2/3 or a little more of the benefit of that $50 million to come through in '24 and then the balance is '25. But we've made a good start on that, and you'll start to see those benefits build through the year in '24.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau with MST.
Keith Chau: Just a couple of questions. First one is on destocking versus underlying weakness. Just wondering if you can give us a sense of that 10% decline in March in particular and then the mid-single-digit decline for the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense of what you believe makes up those numbers, whether it is destocking or underlying demand weakness?
Ron Delia: Yes. Sure, Keith. Look, it's hard to parse out too specifically, but a couple of things to think about. One is that the scanner data in Europe and North America that's tracking sell-through at retail has been in that mid-single-digit decline range now for a period -- for a reasonable period of time a couple of months at least. And so we're not anticipating that that's going to improve at all on top of which then you have some destocking in certain segments. Some of them are pronounced destocking we see is in the premium coffee space. We see destocking in protein we've seen destocking to some extent in the medical packaging space, again, places where there may have been some over ordering in light of supply chain constraints. So that's additive then to the demand deterioration on the consumer side of things. And then the offset is that we pick up some share along the way as well. So those are the three components of what we expect to be a mid-single digit decline in Q4.
Keith Chau: Okay. And then in terms of the timing of the destock, do you expect that completely finished by the end of 4Q? Is there any anything to suggest that your customers might destock for longer into FY '24?
Ron Delia: Given that we're talking about fast-moving consumer goods, any destocking should be relatively short-lived. The caveat to that is as consumer demand comes down, that means more inventory needs to come out of the system. And so my sense is that, that's prolonging the destocking here a little bit because it's been going on now for a couple of quarters. And best estimates that probably will continue for another couple of quarters, particularly in some of the businesses that are more seasonal, where the calendar second quarter and third quarter tend to be stronger, we're likely to see more inventory come out of the system through that time period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang with CLSA.
Daniel Kang: First question, probably to Mike, in terms of cost-out initiatives. Just wondering if the scope of the plans have actually changed from 2Q where you mentioned $170 million spend for a 30% return. Can it be expanded is the next question?
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, Ron, I'll start the answer, and Michael can build on it. Look, the scope is global. And we've announced three plants that are going to come out of the system already and another half of the plan, a big department that we're going to reduce and it's a global program. Could it be more? It could be. We're going to wait and see how the demand environment evolves from here, but we're off to a good start and those plants will be coming to them over the next several quarters with the benefits flowing through the second half of -- well, building through fiscal '24, as Michael outlined already.
Daniel Kang: You also mentioned in the prior question in terms of market share -- incremental market share gains. Can you talk about the categories where you are seeing more success in terms of market share gains?
Ron Delia: I think we see some good examples in the beverage business, in particular, in the hot fill space. Our hot-fill volumes were up about 1%, which is ahead of the market. And I think it's, I think, a testament to the different lightweighting products that we've been able to bring to the market. That's one. I think in health care is another one where our growth has been really strong, particularly in the pharmaceutical side of things over the last several quarters, probably going back into last year as well. So, those two come to mind is places where we're likely to have picked up a bit of share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. I guess the first question, Ron, you talked in the prepared remarks about earnings growth building through fiscal '24. And I know you're not giving earnings guidance at this point. But as you would sit here today and you would look at kind of where the exit rate is after the June quarter and some of the headwinds you still have from Russia in September and the December quarters. Would you expect to grow EBITDA and EPS in fiscal '24 or help us think about some of the key variables to actually growing in fiscal '24 as you look today?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think we're going to have a couple of non-operating headwinds dissipate as we get into fiscal '24. So certainly, we won't be cycling the absence of the Russian earnings in the second half. We sold that business right at the end of our fiscal first half this past year. So by the end of this calendar year or the end of our fiscal second quarter, that headwind will go away. Interest rates really started to rise around this time last year. And so that's going to be -- interest will be more of a in the first half. But certainly, based on the forward curve and the expectations we have for rates going into calendar '24, we would expect that headwind abates. And then the third building block is the structural cost reductions that we've talked about a bit. And as Michael said, it's roughly $50 million of benefits that we see at this point in time. Roughly 2/3 of those benefits, we would expect in fiscal '24, with the momentum building through the second half of fiscal '24. So those are some of the big components. And the other piece, obviously, is just what happens to underlying demand and how does that evolve through the rest of the year. And we're certainly not in a position today to forecast that. I think we'll wait until we come to market as we do each year in August and provide guidance for the coming fiscal; year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then as you think about some of the mix tailwinds that you've had in the business, I mean, we're still quite strong in the in the March quarter, specifically in Flexibles. How does mix kind of progress from here, especially raw material kind of constraints and supply chain, I think have magnified some of those or those are easing some of the comps get a little bit harder on the mix side? And how do we think about that being a contributor prospectively from the book of business that you have today?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. I think about mix, and I think about a much longer time period and a much longer time horizon. Mix has been part of our algorithm and an important part for almost. And we know that these markets, particularly the consumer staples and the health care markets that we're exposed to are going to grow collectively in the low single-digit range when things normalize. And when I say when things normalize, it means when the consumer adjusts to inflation and when the inventory destocking is completed through the value chain. We're going to have a base amount of growth in the business that's at low single digits. Then we have certain priority segments and categories that we've been doubling down on and investing disproportionately. And so health care, both medical and pharmaceutical packaging, protein, coffee, pet care. These segments and the packaging intensity in these segments has been growing at higher than general market rates, those are all mix accretive to us. And so if you take a longer-term view, mix has been an important driver of earnings growth for this company for over a decade. We would expect that, that will continue going forward as soon as we get through this short-term set of short-term market dynamics that we're facing right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell from Macquarie.
John Purtell: Just as a follow-up to that, in terms of the price/mix was actually sort of similar that 4% for the nine months versus the first half. So within this price was up, but mix was down, is that the sort of correct read? And is there any sort of trading down effect in that mix as well? Just to understand that. I know that -- we've talked to this before, I mean, effectively, you pick up if there is some trading down, you pick up some of that volume, but maybe it has a mix effect as well.
Michael Casamento: Yes. So John, I'll start there. And absolutely, we had price benefit in the period, which I touched on earlier. We recovered over $100 million in inflation during the period. I mean the mix -- what we have seen is some unfavorable mix around areas like the protein and premium coffee where we've seen some softness in demand, both from a consumer but also some destocking. So that's impacted mix negatively. On the offset to that, you still had in Q3, reasonable health care performance, albeit lapping a stronger comp. But some mix benefit coming through there. Pet food is another one in the in our focus categories where we've seen good growth there, which is driving mix. But as we look forward, I think that was really what we saw in the quarter, a bit of a tale of two stories. And then Ron touched on how we will think about things moving forward.
John Purtell: And just a second one on the cost saves you made. I think you've called out $140 million there. Has that flowed through fully to P&L, so it's in the numbers that we see? Or is there a lagged impact from that?
Ron Delia: No. Look, that's flowing through already. That's the year-to-date cost savings that have come out of the business. If you think about the year, we've had pricing to compensate for inflation, and then we've taken cost out to compensate for volume and mix going the other way. And the business through nine months has grown its EBITDA by 4%, roughly $50 million in EBIT growth. And the building blocks are as I just outlined.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Richard Johnson: Ron, I just wanted to ask you -- I'll go back to the subject of price. I mean if you look at the last five quarters, by far, the biggest contributor to operating profit growth, has been net price realization. I mean given the nature of the industry prices by definition, really cyclical. So, I was just wondering how we should think about price over the next few quarters, particularly in a very weak demand environment.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, price in the industry, I think you have to break down into the two components that the two main components. So, the raw material pricing in the industry is certainly cyclical. It ebbs and flows with the commodity cycle. We've come off a period while we believe that we're coming off a period of prolonged raw material increases as those abate, then the pricing that we need to put into the marketplace to compensate will start to come down. The other part is pricing just around general inflation. And that's something that the industry hasn't seen in 40 years. We have not seen inflation above the rate of normal productivity growth. And I think our view would be we're pretty pleased with the amount of pricing that we've been able to realize to cover the general inflation, the non-raw material price or cost increases that we've had to wear. It's demonstrated to us that there is pricing power in our value proposition, and we've been able to fully compensate. So I think it remains to be seen where inflation goes from here. Hopefully, there are some positive signs that maybe the rates of increases are slowing. And if that's the case, then our rate of pricing will slow as well.
Richard Johnson: That's helpful. And then you mentioned premium coffee a few times and certainly commentary from your customers would sort of echo what you're saying. But really, what I wanted to ask about is the market leader at that end of the coffee market seems pretty determined to put in place a more sustainable substrate for their pods. And there is a competitor out there with the product already. I just wanted to try and catch up with where you are with that -- in that regard.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we believe and we think that the customer would agree that aluminum capsule is as sustainable as any other alternative out there. It's fully recyclable, and we're making it with recycled aluminum content. And they've -- that customer has invested a lot in the infrastructure to actually make that a fully circular system. So, we're pretty comfortable with the sustainability credentials of that particular format. But nevertheless, we're active on the fiber side as you would know, with the fiber line, and we're making good traction on that side of the business as well. If that's the direction customers want to go, I think we're going to be well equipped to meet them where they are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: I wanted to follow up on that comment earlier regarding the rate of inflation kind of moderating obviously, been a lot of news regarding food and beverage inflation on the consumer. It seems like consumers are starting to push back with respect to that elasticity? Are you seeing or expecting any shift from your customers regarding promotional activity or pricing that could start to drive some sequential volume improvement?
Ron Delia: I think a couple of things, Kyle. One is we're still out there pricing for inflation. So it's still out there. It's real. Maybe the rates of increase have slowed, but prices or costs are well elevated well above where they were a year or two years ago for sure. So we're still out there recovering. There is a lag. There's always a lag. It's no different to any other cycle around pricing. And there's always a little bit of a time lag as we work through contracts and contracts mature, et cetera, we're resetting at higher prices, but we are recovering. I think as far as the residual impact or the impact on demand. There are some examples of shifts. So what we see in the beverage business, in particular, in North America is a shift more towards value packs. We see a lot of smaller containers that go into 12 packs or 24 packs. We see volumes in that side of the business growing much more rapidly than larger sizes. We see channel shifts as well. So, we see less sales going through the C-store channel. Gas station sales are way down compared to club stores, et cetera. So you do see some more of a shift -- you do see a bit more of a shift towards value by the consumer.
Kyle White: Got it. That's helpful. And then I was just curious, did you experience any headwind or impact from the lag of the pass-through of resin in the quarter on your P&L? And then are you anticipating any impact from this in the fiscal 4Q quarter?
Michael Casamento: As I said earlier, the raw material environment in Q3 was relatively benign after some drop in Q1 or modest drop in Q2. So in Q3, we still have a modest benefit in the P&L on the base cost lag. As we look forward into Q4, as I said earlier, that right now the environment looks relatively benign across what we see across the globe. So, I think the benefit in Q4, if anything, will just be a modest price, price cost lag benefit similar to Q3. So as you think about the full year, it's really just been overall, it would be a relatively modest benefit from the raw material price position. As we look into '24, it's too early to tell, we'll wait and see where it's going from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Cakarnis for Jordan.
Jakob Cakarnis: Just one for Michael. Just on the free cash flow outlook for fiscal '23. Please. Can you just talk through some of the expectations for fourth quarter inventory unwind maybe the go forward as you carry into fiscal '24 and what needs to happen, perhaps to get that unit balance equal out to get back to the free cash flow levels that we're used to with you guys, please?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I can touch on the cash flow. So, I mean, what we've seen this year is the cash flow is behind prior year. And it's largely on the back of working capital outflows. And particularly in the first half, we were building inventory on the back of supply constraints in the system. We kind of peaked inventory in November have started to see that come out of the system. And if you think about the quarter we've just gone, we took about $100 million out of inventory. But we didn't get the benefit of that coming through the cash flow in the way that we'd expect it because what we're seeing on the back of the lower demand environment and also trying to take inventory out of the system is our payables are much lower where they were as well. So, the payables and the temporary position we see, the payables are lower than we would normally expect. As we continue to take inventory out of the system and also work our way through a softer demand environment. As we look into Q4 and what we've included in the guidance is Q4 is typically our strongest quarter of cash flow seasonally. I mean we do have a seasonal cash flow really on the back of the fact that Q4 is our strongest earnings. We also typically build inventory during the year and then that releases in Q4 as we get into the busy period, particularly in the beverage business. And we also have some favorable commercial terms with our customers and suppliers, which help drive the cash flow. So what we're anticipating for Q4 is that we will continue to see some reduction in inventory -- we've probably got another $100 million, $150 million to go to get back to a more normal level. So, we're expecting to see that start -- continue to come through in Q4 and realistically, based on the guidance, deliver the same cash that we delivered last year in Q4, and that was in a period last year where inventories were still increasing. So, we feel pretty confident in the guidance range that we've given in that $800 million to $900 million for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with Bar & Joy.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Can you just talk about the potential EBIT benefit in FY '24 from the investments and acquisitions over, I guess, the financial year-to-date, it's probably close to spend. So, I would have thought that will be a benefit to EBIT, but you didn't call it out earlier on as something they consider in that sort of EBIT bridge into next year?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, Brook, we've done really great so far, and these are all very small deals. The Mota deal that we announced today is a small one. It's really one with an eye towards the long term. It's a small business with less than 30 people sales around 20 million. It's not a business that's going to materially change the EBIT trajectory of the business going forward. And similarly, MDK in China is a business that's around $50 million in sales. The plant in Eastern Europe is just that. It's a plant. It's very -- running at a very low utilization. And what we're going to do is fill it by moving business from Western Europe into the low-cost hub that we've acquired in Eastern Europe. So all of these are relatively small, they all help incrementally move the ball forward, but none of them are going to have a meaningful impact on FY '24 earnings, which is why I didn't call them out.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay. And can you talk about your European business, volumes staying sort of mid-single digit in the March quarter. Your key competitor and number two player there can start here, talked about pretty solid growth actually volumes in the fourth quarter -- or sorry, the March quarter rather? And is there anything you can call out there to expand the gap performance between yourselves and the number two player there?
Ron Delia: Well, I'm not going to comment on anybody else's performance. I can tell you, from our side, when we look at the market, we assess it through the lens of the scanner data at retail and what our customers are reporting. And we would say that certainly coming through this earnings season, that all stacks up with our performance is kind of like right on line with the average of what customers have reported and probably a little bit ahead of the retail scan data, which might suggest that some of the larger customers are taking some share.
Michael Casamento: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly with UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Ron, just a question on general cost inflation recovery, insist on core has been very good at recovering general cost inflation with customer price action over the last year or so. But just given the volume situation you're facing in terms of those declines and customer destocking, I just imagine those conversations with customers on price recovery are getting a little harder. So can I just confirm a successful in fully recovering general cost inflation in the third quarter and what you've baked into the fourth quarter guidance?
Ron Delia: Yes. No. As I think I alluded to in response to one of the other questions, if we think about it from a year-to-date perspective or the third quarter, however you want to look at it, we've been fully recovering, general cost inflation. And that's about $250 million of price that we put into the market this year on a roughly equal amount of inflation. I wouldn't say it's harder. I would say that there is always a bit of a lag. If you think about our business, about 70% of it is contracted, 30% not contracted, right? So, we're certainly fully caught up with very little lag on the un-contracted portion of the business. On the contracted portion, as we roll contracts as they mature and we renew them, we reset pricing and we also expand the inflation coverage and shorten the time between price adjustments. That's just a function of the book of business and the customer or the contract book contract portfolio that we have. So, there's always contracts that need to be reset, and we'll have several that reset over the next 6 to 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Stahos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: I hope you guys are doing well. Thanks for the details, Ron and Michael. I guess the one question I had relates to the Rigid business, relative both between cold fill and hot fill and then in turn versus other substrates. Ron, what are you seeing weaker performance in cold fill and in pre-forms relative to hot fill, when the hot fill product would be typically for a higher-end product and one that if the consumer is hunkering down, might be less predisposed to be buying versus traditional soft drinks or water? And then relatedly, your customers are seeing volatile order patterns, we empathize what you're seeing. Nonetheless, your volumes are weaker, certainly so far in beverage packaging than what we've seen from some of the other substrates, particularly cans. Do you think there's any sort of share shift occurring there? And if not, why not?
Ron Delia: I think the starting point is where is the consumer right now at this point in time. And I think there's always been really strong alignment between the package format and the channel and the usage occasion. And if we go back over a long period of time, the pet bottle generally, whether it's cold fill or hot fill, has been predominantly through the cold channel. It's been predominantly single-serve whether it's hot fill or cold fill, soft drinks or sports drinks and the can has tended to be the value pack. And whenever times are tougher for the consumer and when they're gravitating more towards value and buying things in units of 12 or 24, that tends to be through the warm distribution channel and tends to be through retail, big box retail, and conventional retail and not through the convenience channel where most of our products go through. So, I do think that -- I wouldn't call it a substrate shift as much as I would just say, it's a consumer thinking with their pocketbook at this point in time and buying things at the lower price point per unit.
Operator: We have time for one last question. And the last question comes from Cameron McDonald with E&P.
Cameron McDonald: Just wanted to go back to the comments you made about the scanning data. And I was wondering if you could put that in context given your history of volumes? And what do you think that -- where does that fit relative to how bad it could actually be during your recession? And then a separate question for me just around when we talk about seeing channel shifts and more value oriented, can you talk about what's happening perhaps in some of the confectionery market exposure that you've got as well close?
Ron Delia: Look, Cameron, I would say that generally, we're going to be reasonably well positioned in a recession because the end market exposure of the business now is as defensive as it's ever been. Basically, all of our sales are going into consumer staples fast-moving consumer goods or health care. And those through past economic cycles have held up reasonably well. I think we've got a softer consumer environment at the moment. At the same time, that were coming off a number of different dynamics that have led to lots of inventory in the system. And I'm talking about COVID and then the supply chain complexities and constraints that followed. That work itself through. I think to the extent there are recessionary conditions in some of our larger markets. I think that we would expect to continue to be well positioned if I think back to the global financial crisis, which is some time ago now. Our volumes were down low single digits through that period, and we were able to hold our earnings. So, I feel pretty good about where we're positioned, but we're not sitting around waiting or hoping. I mean that's point of the cost outs, the cost-out initiatives that we've described today and the pricing actions that we've taken to really make sure that we're that we're not expecting the consumer to return and volume to start to grow more robustly than it has been.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Ron for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call today and for your interest in Amcor. And with that, we'll close the call. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's Amcor Third Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-02-07 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amcor Half Year 2023 Results. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] In the interest of time, we would like to remind participants to limit your questions to one and rejoin the queue for any follow-ups. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, And thank you, everyone, for joining Amcor's Fiscal '23 first half earnings call. Joining today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we'll discuss on the call. Please be aware that we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation with several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates. And reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit yourself to a single question and one follow-up and then rejoin the queue if you have additional questions. With that, over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey. And thanks, everyone, for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's first half financial results for fiscal 2023. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. And I'll start with Slide 3, which covers our first and most important value, safety. Safety is deeply embedded in Amcor's culture, and our management teams understand our collective responsibility to provide a safe and healthy working environment. Our dedication to eliminating injuries in the workplace continues to result in industry-leading metrics. In our first half, we improved further and made great progress with a 24% reduction in the number of injuries globally compared to last year. And 65% of our global sites have been injury-free for the past 12 months, with more than 30% injury-free for three years or more. Safety and a culture of caring for our people will always be our highest priority. Turning to our key messages for today on Slide 4. First, the business delivered a strong first half and second quarter despite ongoing challenges in the macroeconomic environment. Our teams are doing an excellent job driving value for customers while managing the many aspects of the business under their control. We've increased our focus on flexing costs as demand evolved, and we're proactively taking actions to drive further efficiency and productivity improvements while recovering general inflation and passing through higher raw material costs. The outcome was strong operating leverage, with an 8% increase in both EBIT and adjusted EPS in the first half on a comparable constant currency basis. Second, although not entirely immune in a weakening demand environment, our business remains resilient. 95% of our portfolio is exposed to consumer staples and health care end markets, which combined with our broad geographic footprint, positions us well through economic cycles. Our volume performance through the first half demonstrates that resilience and compares favorably to the mid-single-digit or higher declines reported by others in our value chain. Third, a solid first half, strong execution and a resilient portfolio gives us the confidence to reaffirm our guidance ranges for fiscal '23. We're confident in the ability of our teams to continue focusing on the controllables. However, we're also mindful that through the second quarter, the demand environment softened and became increasingly volatile. We expect this will continue in the near term. And as we enter the second half of the fiscal year, we're more cautious in relation to the demand outlook, and we currently expect to be toward the lower end of our EPS guidance range. And our final and most important key message is that we remain focused on executing against our strategy for long-term growth. The business generates significant annual cash flow, which allows us to invest in organic growth opportunities, pursue acquisitions, pay an attractive and growing dividend and regularly repurchase shares. We're confident in the strength of our underlying business, execution capabilities and capital allocation framework, all of which support our compelling investment case. Moving to a few financial highlights on Slide 5. First half reported net sales were up 6%, which includes approximately $670 million of price increases related to higher raw material costs. Excluding this impact, organic sales were up 2% on a constant currency basis, and volumes were 1% lower. Both the Flexibles and Rigid segments did an excellent job driving price and mix benefits, including recovering around $160 million of general inflation. We're making good progress on our commercial and strategic agenda and with our priority segments continuing to deliver high single-digit organic growth and several of our emerging markets businesses also growing at high single-digit rates in line with long-term trends. Positive price/mix performance more than offset modestly lower overall volumes, which reflected generally softer and more volatile demand as well as customer destocking in parts of the business. Operating leverage was strong as we continue to increase our focus on costs, and the business delivered an 8% increase in both adjusted EBIT and EPS for the first half. Looking at our December quarter financial performance. Reported net sales growth was 4% and 1% on an organic basis. Adjusted EBIT and EPS each grew 7%. So another solid quarter highlighting the benefits of geographic diversification and exposure to more defensive end markets even as we experienced softer demand. Through the first half, Amcor returned approximately $400 million of cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. And today, we've increased our planned repurchases for fiscal '23 by up to $100 million. Our overall financial profile remains robust with return on average funds employed at 17%. We're pleased with our first half and our December quarter financial performance, and I'll now turn it over to Michael to cover more of the specifics.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron, and beginning with the Flexibles segment on Slide 6. The business performed well in the face of challenging macroeconomic conditions, executing to recover higher raw material costs, manage general inflation, improved cost performance and deliver solid mix benefits. Reported first half sales grew 5%, which included recovery of higher raw material costs of approximately $460 million, representing 9% of growth. Our teams continue to do an excellent job passing on increases in commodity costs. And as expected, the related price cost impact on earnings for the second quarter was modestly positive after being neutral in Q1. Excluding the raw material impact and negative currency movements, sales grew 3% for both the first half and December quarter, driven by favorable price mix benefits of 4%, partly offset by modestly lower volumes. As Ron mentioned, sales across our higher-value priority segments, which include health care, pet care and protein, remained strong, collectively growing at high single-digit rates through the first half and contributing to positive price/mix. We also continued to see strong growth in our businesses in India and Southeast Asia, particularly in health care and media end markets. This helped limit the impact of lower volumes in some business units across categories, including coffee, dairy, condiments, confectionery and home and personal care, where we have seen varying degrees of customer destocking or lower demand. Volumes were lower in China due to COVID-related lockdowns and in Latin America, where inflationary pressures unfavorably impacted demand in several countries. In terms of earnings for Flexibles, we again demonstrated strong operating leverage. Adjusted EBIT grew of 8% for the half reflects ongoing price mix benefits and favorable cost performance. Margins remained strong at 12.6% despite the 120-basis-point dilution related to increased sales dollars associated with passing through higher raw material costs. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 7. The business built on its first quarter performance with another solid -- another quarter of solid earnings growth. First half sales increased by 12% on a reported basis, which included approximately $210 million or 13% of sales related to the pass-through of higher raw material costs. Organic sales declined by 1% for the half, reflecting 2% lower volumes, partly offset by a 1% price/mix benefit. Looking at the December quarter, overall volumes declined by 5%, with the beverage business in North America and Latin America impacted by lower consumer demand and customer destocking. In North America, first half beverage volumes were down 5%. This included hot fill container volumes, which increased 2% in the half but were down 2% in the December quarter, which was in line with market. Cold fills were lower in the half and quarter due to a combination of lower consumer demand and customer destocking. In Latin America, volumes were marginally higher for the first half with growth in Mexico and Argentina offset by lower volumes in Brazil. Consistent with what we saw in the Flexibles segment, the December quarter was unfavorably impacted by softer consumer demand in the region. The Specialty Containers business delivered good performance with solid volume growth from health care, dairy and nutrition end markets. And overall adjusted EBIT for the Rigid segment in the first half increased 7% on a comparable constant currency basis with our teams being able to adjust to evolving market conditions and improve operating cost performance. Moving to cash on the balance sheet on Slide 8, we had a strong sequential improvement in adjusted free cash flow, which came in at $338 million for the December quarter, in line with last year. For the half year, cash outflow of $61 million was lower than last year, largely reflecting the unfavorable impact on the working capital cycle related to higher levels of inventory and higher raw material costs. These impacts also make our cash flow seasonality, which is typically weighted to the second half of the year, more pronounced for fiscal '23. Our financial profile remains strong with leverage at 2.8x on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis. This is in line with our expectations for this time of year given the seasonality of cash flows and the receipt of proceeds from the Russia business sale. We repurchased $40 million worth of shares in the December quarter and expect to repurchase up to $500 million in total through the 2023 fiscal year. Prior to turning to our outlook, I wanted to provide a few more comments about the completed sale of our Russian business. We received sale proceeds of $365 million, in addition to $65 million of cash which was repatriated upon completion. In terms of the use of total proceeds received, we expect to do three things. First, we will invest approximately $120 million in a range of cost-saving initiatives across the business to partly offset divested earnings. This is in addition to approximately $50 million of cash we allocated back in August for similar initiatives. Second, we plan to allocate up to $100 million for additional share repurchases. And finally, the balance is expected to be used to reduce net debt in proportion with divested EBITDA, maintaining our leverage ratio. Taking us to the outlook on Slide 9, we are maintaining our guidance range for adjusted EPS of $0.77 to $0.81 per share, assuming current foreign exchange rates prevail through the balance of the year. As Ron mentioned, while we are taking aggressive action now to flex the cost base across the business, we expect the environment will remain volatile in the near term. And entering the second half of the fiscal year, we are more cautious in relation to the demand outlook and currently expect to be towards the lower end of our EPS guidance range. Our earnings bridge on this slide lays out the elements underlying our expectations. We expect earnings growth of approximately 3% to 8% on a comparable constant currency basis to be comprised of approximately 5% to 10% growth from the underlying business and a benefit of approximately 2% from share repurchases. This will be partly offset by a negative impact of approximately 4% related to higher estimated interest and tax expense. Our effective tax rate for 2023 is expected to be lower than last year in the 18% to 19% range. However, the year-over-year benefit this provides is more than offset by higher interest expense. Now that we have clarity on the timing of the sale, we expect a negative impact of approximately 3% related to the divestiture of our three plants in Russia. In addition, the U.S. dollar has weakened since our last update, and we now expect a negative impact of approximately 4% from currency translation movements. We are also reaffirming our adjusted free cash flow range for the year of $1 billion to $1.1 billion, although likely towards the lower end of the range, as noted on last quarter's call. So in summary from me today, the business has delivered another solid result, and we remain focused on supporting our customers and taking actions to continue recovering inflation and flex the cost base. Balancing these priorities will leave our business well positioned as we navigate through higher-than-usual volatility in demand and macroeconomic challenges in the near term. With that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thank you, Michael. And in previous quarters, we've highlighted multiple drivers of organic growth, which you see on Slide 10, and include priority segments, emerging markets and innovation. Before we open the line to questions, I want to just take a few minutes to talk about one of our most important priority segments, which is health care. An overview of our global health care packaging business is shown on Slide 11. With more than $1.8 billion in annual sales in fiscal '22, our portfolio covers both Flexible and Rigid Packaging formats and is evenly split between medical device and pharmaceutical packaging. This is a truly global business with global customers and globally recognized products and technology platforms and it's one where we have scale in every region, including in emerging markets. This is not an easy market to enter because health care packaging is also highly complex with many functional demands, quality standards and regulatory requirements. This complexity provides ample opportunities to differentiate and add value through our industry-leading product innovation, material science and global regulatory capabilities and makes health care a strong contributor to Amcor's growth profile from both a volume and mix standpoint. It also supports strong collaboration with customers, leading to a book of business that tends to be more consistent over the medium and longer term. Moving to Slide 12. Globally, health care packaging is a substantial market with significant headroom and growing at mid-single-digit rates over time, and we're investing to capture more of that growth. As an example, in the December quarter, we localized thermoforming production in Europe at our medical packaging site in Sligo, Ireland. This is an exciting project that leverage the experience and technical know-how of our sites in Minnesota and Puerto Rico. As a result, our European business and customer base will now benefit from local access to a broader range of specialized health care packaging solutions. In another organic growth example, we opened a world-class dedicated health care greenfield plant in Singapore at the end of calendar 2021, enhancing our ability to serve the rapidly growing Asian market. M&A also plays a role in supplementing organic growth in this segment. A few weeks ago, when we announced the acquisition of Shanghai-based MDK, a leading provider of medical device packaging in the China market, this is a great acquisition that enhances our leading position in the broader Asia Pacific medical packaging market by adding product capabilities and a complementary customer base. Drilling down a little more on sustainability and moving on to Slide 13. Across all substrates and end markets, the sustainability of packaging solutions continues to be a critical consideration for customers, consumers and regulators. Our collective objective is to create a truly circular economy for the packaging industry. And the solution is responsible packaging, including package design, infrastructure development and consumer participation. In terms of package design, Amcor is well positioned as a leader in the industry. Today, nearly 100% of our rigid packaging and specialty cartons products and more than 80% of our flexibles products are designed to be recycled or have a recycle-ready alternative. This matters because as deadlines to meet previously established goals rapidly approach, customers are increasingly adopting more sustainable solutions. As an example, this quarter, Mars adopted AmFiber performance paper for part of their confectionery range in the Australian market, and Ferrero Rocher launched an AmFiber pilot in the European market. These two companies joined Nestle, who initiated a global transition to paper-based packaging for one of their core brands in 2022 and are now adding a pilot for the KitKat brand. We've also seen important progress in the development of the infrastructure and technology required to produce recycled materials. While the use of food-grade recycled PET is growing rapidly, including in our rigid packaging business, the ability to produce recycled content for and from flexible packaging will be a critical ingredient to creating circularity. Significant strides are being made in advanced recycling technologies, which enable use of recycled content and flexible packaging applications where mechanically recycled material may present regulatory or technical challenges. To meet ongoing demand for more recycled material and to support infrastructure and technology development, Amcor continues to increase our long-term off-take commitments. In December, we announced a five-year extension of our partnership with ExxonMobil to purchase certified circular polyethylene, giving us line of sight to significant quantities of recycled material that can be used in health care and food-grade packaging applications. We also recently announced a partnership with Licella to further explore an investment in one of Australia's first advanced recycling facilities. These agreements provide another point of differentiation and value, which can be applied across all end markets for customers like Mondelez, who've incorporated 30% advanced recycled material into their packaging for the Cadbury Dairy Milk brand in the U.K. and Australia. These capabilities also position Amcor to meet the sustainability goals we share with our customers and to contribute to a truly circular economy for the packaging industry. Turning to Slide 14. The opportunities and investments I've outlined today in our health care business, our innovation across a range of substrates and our increasing access to advanced recycled materials are just a few examples of the initiatives we have underway, giving us confidence that we have built and continue to build a strong foundation for growth and value creation. We don't expect to be immune to macroeconomic challenges, but we believe we're well positioned with a resilient portfolio and multiple drivers of growth, including cost productivity. Additionally, our consistently strong cash flow provides the ability to reinvest in the business, to pursue acquisitions, repurchase shares and grow the dividend, all of which positions us well to generate strong and consistent value for shareholders over the long term. And finally, in summary, on Slide 15, we've delivered a strong first half in a macroeconomic environment that remains challenging. We're more cautious on the demand environment entering the second half, but our portfolio leaves us well positioned. And most importantly, we remain focused on executing against our strategies for long-term growth. Operator, with those opening remarks, we're now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Ron, a lot of CPG companies and packagers have talked about a drop in December volumes, but kind of a meaningful improvement and maybe a strong start in January. Just wondering, have you seen this? Or did you see kind of December weakness continue into January? I'm just trying to square what sounds like maybe a weaker view on fiscal second half demand. And then maybe specifically, you talked about restocking and lower demand for Rigids. I'm just wondering where you think restocking stands now.
Ron Delia: Yes. Sure. Thanks for the questions, Anthony. Look, maybe I'll just back up a step and talk about the chronology of volumes that we saw through the second quarter. Very much a mixed picture in October and November, depending on the business and the geography, the story was relatively mixed. But across the business, our volumes were relatively flat in those two months. December, we definitely saw things softened. We had volumes across the group down mid-single digits. I think that's a function of softening demand but also destocking in a number of segments. We know that because customers took more shutdowns than normal and longer shutdowns than normal. As we worked our way into January, we did see some improvement. I'm not sure that we would call it a trend, but we definitely saw some improvement in January, albeit mixed. And so, the word I would use with regard to our outlook is cautious and it's caution around this demand outlook from here given the volatility, which really had swung quite considerably from month to month and almost week to week. I'd say that despite the improvements in January, we just remain cautious on the demand side of the equation. As it relates specifically to Rigids and destocking, I think it's clear there has been some destocking in that -- in the beverage segment in North America and also Latin America to a certain extent. We have also seen demand soft generally. If you look at the scanner data for the quarter, the market generally in North America for beverages was down mid-single digits. We also know that our mix is more exposed to the convenience channel. Convenience store sales were down even further than the broader market. So I think that our volume performance in Rigids through the quarter is a function of a softer market, probably some destocking and then offset by some business wins that we picked up, particularly in the hot fill side. So, that's the way we see it as it relates to volume.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just in the release, I think you talked about maintaining the full year EPS and free cash flow guide. In your comments, you said you could be at the lower end. Without putting too fine a point on it, is there any reason not to sort of formally lower the guidance range? Or are there may be circumstances that could get you maybe to the higher end of the guide? Is it just completely dependent on volumes? Or is there any way that we should think about getting to maybe the higher end or the lower end of the guide?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think the primary reason for not changing the guidance is we have half year lap. We've got two quarters. We've got a relatively wide range when you consider that we've got two quarters left, and we've maintained the full width of the range. The swing factor really will be volumes. It really will come down to volume -- the volume outlook for the second half. I think we also feel pretty good about the execution capabilities of the business and the ability to continue to take cost out, which was a real highlight for us in the first half. We believe we'll continue to do that in the second half. But the swing factor will be volumes. And what could lead us to the high end of the range? We could have low single-digit volume growth. We could get out front of raw materials as they come off at a faster pace than we're assuming, and a weaker U.S. dollar would help as well. And the inverse would be true for the lower end of the range. I think it's also fair to say that at this point in the year. We have a wider range of demand outlook than we normally would or a wider range of possible scenarios for volume than we ordinarily would. Our view would be volumes could be anywhere from up a couple of points to down low single digits, and it's unusual for us to have a forecast that could include a decline in volumes. So for all those reasons, we've decided to express some caution here. But what we think with two quarters left and with some strong cost performance that will continue into the second half, we thought it was prudent to maintain the range at this stage.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Purtell with Macquarie Asset Management.
John Purtell: Just in terms of price and mix, so that's been a benefit for you over a sort of long period of time. We saw that continue in this half with a 4% benefit in flexibles and presumably health care, which you called out there, Ron, as sort of a key part of that. The question is sort of how you see that price mix profiling through the second half. I mean would it be fair to say that you're expecting slightly less price and mix benefit in the second half relative to the first?
Michael Casamento: Yes, John, I can help you with that one. So you're right. We -- the teams have done a good job on price and getting out there ahead of inflation and recovering that. And you saw in the -- we commented in the half, we've recovered about $160 million in cost inflation during the period. But we also had really good mix benefits, particularly from the strong health care performance, particularly in the half where we saw a double-digit growth, which is above average growth for that part of the business and a bit of rebound versus the prior year. So as we look forward into the second half, there will still be the price/mix benefit there. But inflation is still there. We've got to recover that. And on the health care side, you -- comparatively, you're not going to see the same level of growth and, therefore, the mix benefit. So although we're still expecting that, we would say that it will be lower than what we saw in the first half.
Operator: We'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: My question on -- for the call is on cost saves. Ron, you talked about aggressive actions. I forget exactly how you phrased it. But two, to obviously offset some of the headwinds that you're seeing, can you talk a bit further about what those actions are? Can you size them either in relation to, I don't know, the volume weakness that you're seeing or the ability to offset the dilution from Russia? And how can cost saves build into both calendar '23 and fiscal '24 to offset that further dilution you'll have from Russia, at least in the first half of the upcoming new year?
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, George. Look, let me respond to the question and Michael will respond to the question in two parts. I think the cost savings activities that we've been undertaking through the first half in the face of softer volumes and then there's, the offsets to the Russian, the divestment of the Russian earnings. So look, we got out front, I think, very proactively and fairly aggressively on cost in the first half. I mean, I think the way to think about it is we had really strong operating leverage with 2% organic sales growth, really flat to minus 1% on the volume line, and we had 8% EBIT growth. And if you think about the drivers of that EBIT growth, price and mix sort of offset and we recovered inflation. So -- and really, the profit growth was driven by cost-outs. And so where did the cost-outs come from? We did a really good job of flexing labor. We cut shifts. We reduced over time. Several hundred people are out of the business. There's a reasonably meaningful headcount reduction across the business. We've also pulled the procurement lever pretty hard and cut back on discretionary spending. And we got out front early on those actions given the volatility that we saw and just reading the tea leaves from discussions with customers on the demand environment. Those initiatives, those actions will continue into the second half, and they underpin the outlook that we've reaffirmed today. I think Russia is almost a separate topic, if you will. And just to level set, Michael can talk about some of the specifics. But we had a business in Russia with three plants that represented about 2% to 3% of our sales and roughly 4% to 5% of our EBIT in any given year. So essentially $80 million to $90 million of EBIT, which we've now divested, and we are resolute in trying to replace that EBIT as fast as we possibly can, and so with the proceeds exceeding our expectations, we generated a pretty healthy profit on the sale of the business as well. And then the proceeds of over $400 million, $430 million, as Michael alluded to, a bit ahead of our expectations, we think it's a good use of cash to reinvest in the business and take cost out, structural cost-out, to help offset the $80 million to $90 million of EBIT that we've divested. And Michael, maybe you can talk a bit more about the financial profile of what we're planning to do.
Michael Casamento: Sure. Thanks, Ryan. Yes, I mean just following on from that, so we announced today we're going to use part of the proceeds to help divest -- to help offset the divested earnings, and we announced today around $120 million of cash will be put to work in cost-saving initiatives, things like footprint and SG&A and the like, and that's in addition to $50 million cash that we allocated back in August as well. So in total, about $170 million of cash is going to be invested in cost-out initiatives over the next kind of 12 to 18 months. And we'd expect to get kind of a 30% return on that at full run rate. But if you think about the timing of that, those initiatives are only starting. We'll start to work on those this financial year. So, there is no impact factored into -- no upside factored into the guidance range in FY '23. But certainly, we're expecting benefits from this program in FY '24 and then into FY '25. And if you think about that, bear in mind, in H1 in FY '24, we will have a headwind. These programs will kick in but weighted more to the back end of the year. So on that $170 million investment, if you call a 30% return, it's roughly a $50 million potential impact to offset the Russia earnings. I would say that 2/3 of that we think we can achieve in FY '24. So over the course of FY '24, we feel that we can pretty much minimize any headwind from the Russia earnings in the first half of FY '23, and then you'll get the full run rate as we head into FY '25.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse.
Larry Gandler: I might as well just continue on that last comment. Can you just talk about some of the specifics about how to achieve that 30% return, $50 million savings from those Russia cost-saving actions? What are you guys doing there?
Ron Delia: Yes. As Michael alluded to, Larry, we're going to close some plants. And as we think about it and take some overheads out, if we think about this environment that we're in with the demand backdrop being as uncertain as it is and the fact that we're also already increasing our CapEx to pursue growth, particularly in our priority segments, we feel like that's pretty well in trained. So then the next -- the fastest way to generate earnings to offset the divested earnings is through cost reduction, and cost reduction in a structural sense, which means optimizing the footprint. And it's a business that -- we've got 220 plants around the world. There are always opportunities to optimize further, and so that's largely what we'll do. And we will -- as I said, we also will reduce overheads in parts of the business as well to rightsize the cost structure.
Larry Gandler: Okay. That's pretty clear. And one other thing that caught my attention is you guys repurchased only $40 million of stock in the first half and then the target for $500 million now for the full year. So I'm just wondering, was there anything that kind of gave you some hesitancy in the first half? I'm interested if on the M&A pipeline, if you guys might have been looking at something that caused some hesitancy.
Michael Casamento: Well, look, Larry, I think ultimately, we started the buyback in Q2. We spent $40 million. If you think about the cash flows in the first half, we also invested in some M&A activities. So we acquired the plant in the Czech Republic. We spent a little more on APAC. And at the same time, we were managing the cash flow as we start to release some of the inventory that we built up on the back of supply chain constraints over the past 12 months. So, we started to see that come out of the system toward the end of quarter two, which gave us the ability to start to do the buyback. And then as we look forward into H2, we will start to see more -- as I mentioned in my comments, we'll see the cash flow more weighted to the second half, particularly as we start to get through the inventory and working capital impacts from that. In addition to that, you've got the proceeds from the Russia sale, which we're allocating $100 million to the buyback. So really, it was around the timing of the cash flow and just managing that through and we can get the buyback done in the second half as we've done in the past. So we feel like we can get the $500 million done.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: I just want to go back to the, Anthony's question on the caution, Ron, you referenced. Can you elaborate on whether this is a caution on any specific region between Europe and the U.S. and Latin America? Or is it just universal? I'm just trying to get a sense as to maybe some of the -- just the moderation of volumes that we're seeing is really a function of perhaps just catching up over the last year or so from previously depleted inventories, and now we're just approaching a more normalization phase and an adjustment related to that.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I don't think we know the answer to that is a short response to your question. The caution is based on the volatility that we've seen in demand patterns globally. Now if we look specifically in the second quarter, it's more segment-specific in North America and Europe. And then we had some geographies where things got even more volatile as we went through the quarter, in particular, Latin America, where we saw some destocking but also just, we think, some softer demand in light of the deteriorating macroeconomic environment in several countries down there. China would be another one where we saw demand soften considerably in the second quarter, really concurrent with COVID lockdowns. Now obviously, those are behind us, we'd expect the business to bounce back. But how strongly it bounces back is an open question. And look, as far as the drivers of volume in the quarter and even into January, how much is related to the consumer pushing back on prices that have been put through versus how much is destocking, it's just -- it's difficult to read. So generally speaking, there's been volatility across the business, and that adds up to a degree of caution on our part.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. Understood. And then just given the increase in interest rates, I mean, obviously, it's a big headwind between fiscal year '23 and fiscal year '22, just for everybody, really. How are we thinking differently, if at all, in terms of allocating cash flow towards buybacks versus debt paydown?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, the interest rates where they are for us, the buyback still makes sense. It's EPS accretive. We have strong cash flows, and we regularly been doing buybacks, and we'll continue to do that where the interest rates are. It still makes sense from that perspective.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Daniel Kang with CLSA.
Daniel Kang: Just interested on the impact of destocking, I know it's quite difficult to quantify. But can you estimate how much it contributed to the volume softness in both Flexibles and Rigids? Are you seeing any green shoots at this point in terms of the destocking cycle coming to an end? And just wondering what you're assuming in terms of destocking in your guidance.
Ron Delia: Look, Daniel, it's a difficult one to estimate. I mean I think you'd have to triangulate a few different data points. If you look at the scanner data and look at the results of other public companies that have reported, volumes were down considerably. And in light of those comparisons, our volume performance was actually good. But when we know anecdotally in certain segments, particularly in coffee, single-serve coffee in Europe, some of the dairy segments in the U.S. meat in Europe, we know in some of those places, including Beverage and the Rigid Packaging segment, that there was excess inventory in the system. And we know that because customers took shutdowns in a way that they haven't in the past, meaning longer shutdowns. So, it would be very hard to parse out the volume performance of the half. The volumes were down 1%. I think that probably compares favorably to the other external markers out there, but it would be really hard to parse that 1% in terms of what was destocking versus what is just a softening consumer environment given the price increases that have been put through in pretty much all segments and all regions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: I guess I want to come back to this question on mix. And Ron, earlier, you alluded to maybe health care, which has been a strong growth driver moderating as we go into the back half of the year. Can you just maybe calibrate that a little bit more, just in the context of broadly cautious kind of volume outlook, kind of when you see the health care business settling out? And kind of help us think about how -- what happens into fiscal '24 as you start lapping some of the growth there.
Ron Delia: Well, health care has been a good grower for us over many, many years. And it's grown -- both the medical packaging side and the pharmaceutical packaging side have grown kind of mid-single digits globally, obviously a bit higher in the emerging markets, and that's been consistent over a long period of time. I think we saw extraordinary growth in the first half coming off of actually quite a strong fiscal '22 as well. A few drivers there that we think have been fueling that growth. Obviously, our market position is quite strong, and the innovation that we've been bringing to the market is quite strong, and we're investing behind that as we've highlighted today. I think there's -- to be clear, there's been some pent-up demand because some of the supply chain constraints that we've talked about and others have talked about really hit the health care segments for us in a pretty acute way. Those are unwinding, and some of that pent-up demand is being satisfied. And I think it's also not a secret that on the pharmaceutical side, there's been a relatively big cold and flu season. So those are some of the things that really fuel double-digit growth globally across both the medical device and pharmaceutical segments for us in the first half, and we believe that the business will continue to grow at healthy rates but will revert more towards long-term trends that we've seen over a long period of time in the kind of mid-single-digit range, and that would apply going into FY '24 as well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And if I can just squeeze another one. In the context of maybe on the food and consumer goods side, but slowing demand and some of destocking on the part of customers, have you seen their engagement on new products and new form factors for packaging change at all as bid activity or RFPs maybe that kind of activity different than 6 or 12 months ago?
Ron Delia: No. If anything, it's accelerating, particularly around the sustainability side, where many of the brand owners that we work closely with have the same commitments that we have and have made similar pledges around recyclability or recycled content. Those commitments are fast approaching and the dates are fast approaching. And if anything, we're seeing an acceleration in that dialogue, and we're seeing good take up. Some of the examples we cited today with our AmFiber performance paper platform, which is getting good take-up in the marketplace. We're seeing good early take-up of advanced recycled material and products that contained that off-take. And so look, I think at the moment, it's not slowed down at all. I think also brand owners are looking for ways to differentiate as they try to scratch out whatever growth they can.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nathan Reilly with UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Ron, would you mind just talking about how the latest round of general price increases have been received by customers just given that lower demand outlook, particularly with those December volumes takes to notable turn down? I'd imagine it's getting even harder to recover inflation on costs, but I also note your comment on managing manufacturing capacity. So just interested on any views on pricing.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I mean we've been at it now for a while. We put about $670-odd million of price into the market in the quarter just to recover higher raw material costs, another $160 million or so to recover general inflation. It's certainly not getting easier, but we are passing it through, and we're recovering, and I think you can see that in the margins. The margins have expanded -- excluding the dilution effect of the raw material prices going through the top line, the margins have continued to expand and not shrink. And I think that's -- it should give some confidence that we are out there recovering. It doesn't mean that the conversations are getting easier. I think the consumers are probably starting to get a bit tired. Elasticities, if they haven't already are likely to increase. I think that's what we're hearing from most of our brand owners -- brand owner customers. But at this stage, we're still recovering, and we expect to continue to fully recover our inflationary costs in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: I appreciate taking the question. Just first one, just on the $120 million in cost takeout in SSG&A removal. Ron, can you comment on what regions you're looking at and whether there are any particular end markets that you're looking to restructure? And just quickly, on your Asian business, especially with China eliminating its color restrictions, have you seen any type of improvement recently in the volumes there? And was that a fact that you considered in your recent MDK acquisition?
Ron Delia: Maybe I'll address the second question first, and then Michael can come back on the $120 million. Look, it's relatively recent that China has reopened and then we went into the Chinese New Year in January. But we do expect that business to bounce back. More importantly, the China business has done an outstanding job managing costs. So despite the volume declines that ran alongside the COVID lockdowns, the business grew earnings in the first half, which was just an outstanding outcome. It's been a business for us that has grown at least mid- to high single digits over many years. What's really important in China is to be very focused in our participation strategies. Health care is a place we want to participate, and we want to go deeper in China. And we're doing that both organically, and we're doing that through M&A., and the MDK acquisition that we announced last month is a good example of that. It's a small business, one plant outside of Shanghai, complements very well, another medical packaging plant that we have near Shanghai as well. It brings us some complementary products that we didn't have local production of in China, and it also expands our book of business with a new set of customers. So we're pretty excited about that, and we think that's all part of the long-term secular growth that we've experienced and will continue to experience in China. On the $120 million, do you want to comment on where we are at that?
Michael Casamento: Look at $120 million, I mean we see opportunities across the business. As Ron mentioned, there's under 220 plants around the globe. It's going to be focused on taking some plants out of the network and as well as SG&A opportunities to rightsize the business. So there is some focus in Europe. But generally speaking, we'll see opportunities across the globe. So that's to come.
Ron Delia: Wherever we can find EBIT -- to offset the EBITDA we've sold is where we'll be looking.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jakob Cakarnis with Jarden Australia.
Jakob Cakarnis: Michael, just a question for you. I was just wondering if you could talk through some of the fixed variable cost structures across both of the divisions. And just noting you did talk about some plants downtime, which is a little bit higher than expected. Can you just talk about how that's flowed through to some of the cost benefits in the half whether that will occur into the second half of the year if the volume environment remains weak?
Michael Casamento: Yes. I think you got to think about it in the context of just our cost of goods and the breakup of the cost of goods where we focused on taking some of that cost out. Of our COGS, about 60% to 70% of it is the raw material. You then get into labor, which is around that 10% to 15% and then things like energy and freight. So where we really focused was around just managing the labor in the half, particularly flexing downtime to match our customers where they were down, managing the overtime to take that out as well. So we -- if anything, we've recovered inflation. We talked about that, the $160 million. But within the performance in the half, we absolutely took some cost-out. We haven't specified the exact amount. But to Ron's point earlier, there was a few hundred heads as well from a direct labor standpoint that came out as well as just generally managing and flexing that cost in line with the demand.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Just curious, given the kind of customer elasticity that you've talked about, have you seen any shift in your customers' go-to-market strategies on pricing as volumes have started to decelerate? Any sign of increased promo activity that could drive volumes? And I understand it might be hard to give a general statement given your diversification within Flexibles. So I guess I'm most interested on hot fill and cold field beverages within rigid packaging, but any details would be appreciated.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. We have seen some shifts in the consumer and some of that driven by actions that the brand owners have taken. In the beverage space, and if we just focus on North America, some of these points would hold in Latin America as well, but in the beverage space in North America, when the consumer is under pressure, they tend to revert to multipacks and smaller unit sizes, right? And so if they're going to buy a soft drink, they're likely to buy it in a pack of 12, where the unit price is lower than buying it through the convenience store in the cold chain. So we have seen some of that. That's probably contributed to the softness, particularly on the cold fill side. I think we've seen some other examples in other segments in Europe in the coffee segment. We've definitely seen soft volumes in the more premium end than the single-serve system sales, and we've seen higher sales in the segments that are multi-serve. So think about capsules in a system versus ground coffee or instant coffee. The instant coffee is what's being pushed at the moment. So we are seeing a little bit of that sort of behavior. It's maybe just a different degree of emphasis across their product mix as they help the consumer through a high inflationary environment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Cameron McDonald with E&P.
Cameron McDonald: Just a question for me. Just on coming at it a different way with regards to the outlook on the volumes and the demand environment. Can you sort of delve into what the order cycle actually looks like with the -- particularly the products around FMCG and the comments made by customers and how much visibility you've got on that order cycle? So obviously, your products get put into their production facility and then it sits on a shelf, and then they've got to sell it. So you get further visibility on what the customers are expecting. So have you got good visibility into the rest of the third quarter? Or can we see into the fourth quarter at this stage?
Ron Delia: The business is exposed really to consumer staples and fast-moving consumer goods and health care. And typically, we'll have visibility a few months out. Obviously, we have a long -- we have planning discussions with our customers over a longer period of time. But as you get near and near those discussions get more and more granular and you get more -- a greater degree of accuracy as you get closer, so I would say our degree of forecast visibility extends a few months. And that's about the extent of it. And right now, those forecasts are moving around quite a bit and have been now for the last few months. The volatility has increased and the variability in forecast has increased. I think on the positive side, to the extent that there is any destocking that's gone on in our value chains, we would expect that to work itself through reasonably quickly. And in a matter of a quarter or two, we should be through whatever destocking needs to occur.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Richard Johnson: Ron, I just got a question on strategy. Your shareholder value accretion model has sort of been at the forefront of your strategy, very much the foundation of your strategy for a very long time now. I'm conscious of the fact though that TSRs really struggle to keep pace with the value-add in more recent years. And really, my question is around the sort of long-term numbers because you're about to lose the big benefit of Alcan in your 10-year numbers. And I was just wondering how we should think about that, how you think about it and whether the model is still appropriate.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question, Richard. We certainly believe the model is still appropriate. If you go back and look over a 10-year period post the Alcan acquisition, which is about 13 years ago now. The last 10 years, we've been well above from an intrinsic perspective, well above the 5% to the 10% to 15% sort of shareholder value creation model that we talk about. We still believe the business will generate low single-digit top line growth. It will convert that with operating leverage like we've seen in the first half. And then with the excess cash flows of the business, we're going to continue to acquire or buy back shares and continue to grow our dividends. So all up, we think the model still makes sense. It's held us in good stead, and we'll continue to do so going forward.
Richard Johnson: Great. And just a quick one on Russia for Michael, if I may. Michael, it looks like you've booked, I think, off the top of my head, it's about $15 million of costs related to Russia below the line in the quarter. Can I just check whether that's correct? And secondly, what it might be? And thirdly, now you sold the business, there's no more to come below the line.
Michael Casamento: So below the leverage we took a $215 million gain, obviously, on the sale transaction. And then there were some costs just in relation to transferring a business. Some of Ukraine costs still to just transfer equipment, et cetera, in that. As we look forward, you'll see the restructuring costs start to come through that will run through that line. But generally, the costs in relation to Russia are finished, yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brook Campbell-Crawford with Barrenjoey.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Just on CapEx. It looks like a larger CapEx quarter. The December quarter, it looks like it's about $94 million. Can you just remind us, I guess, what the expectations are for the full year? I think at the last result, it was $550 million to $600 million of CapEx was the expectation. So just an update on that one would be great and any reasons for the lighter investment period in the December quarter?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Sure. In terms of the half, we're in around that $250 million. There's a bit of FX in there as well versus prior year. So versus prior year, we're running about 3%, 4% ahead. For the full year, the number of $550 million to $600 million still in the range of outcomes, we're likely to be kind of that 5% to 10% ahead of prior year. And we've got -- we continue to invest in the focus segments and the innovation platforms, which is where we've been focused on that investment. So no real change on the CapEx outlook, perhaps a little lower than where we were at three months ago, but pretty similar.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: And a follow-up, if I could, just around capital and the M&A strategy. Ron, if you wouldn't mind just reminding us of the M&A strategy as it is today? And has it changed at all over the last couple of years. I guess I asked just because more recent investments seem to be focused on sort of fiber paper-type smaller deals like pull back in the one in China. You seem to be becoming a bit more substrate-agnostic. But just an update really on your M&A strategy will be fantastic.
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, look, I mean we are substrate agnostic. That's been true of the Company throughout its history. And in fact, about 25% of what we do is either fiber or aluminum. But as far as M&A goes, no change, I mean we think there's going to be good bolt-on opportunities across the portfolio. I think you see some examples this year with this health care acquisition in China MDK. Michael referred earlier to a plant we bought in the Czech Republic earlier in the year to bolster our Eastern European footprint. So we think there'll be deals like that. I mean those are the deals that are out there because many of the companies in our space are small, and so we've got to be comfortable bolting on small businesses to our footprint. That will be part of the mix. And then where we can supplement the portfolio, we would like to do that, too. I mean, certainly, in the priority segments that we've nominated, we'd like to continue to grow, health care being the one we've talked more about today. In Rigids, obviously, the hot fill space is one that we have a strong position in. But outside of beverage, there are opportunities for us to continue to grow as well. So, there's a number of areas where we think the portfolio could be bolstered, but they'll be bolt-on opportunities across the Flexibles and Rigids segment. So, no change to note.
Operator: We'll take our next question from [Ben Karidis] with NST.
Unidentified Analyst: Just wondering if you are able to give any insight into what the interest rate impacts could be in FY '24? And also with tax, I note that there was a lower rate in the period, but wondering what we should expect for the balance of FY '23 and what we should consider to be a more normalized rate.
Michael Casamento: Look, I mean if you think about interest and tax, together this year from a full year guidance standpoint, we've called out. They're going to be a headwind of around 4%. And tax, we've called out, is going to be more in that 18% to 19% range. And that's really on the back of the mix of earnings and particularly where our interest expense is, which is in higher cost -- higher tax cost countries. But when you put that together with the interest increase, that's more than offset by the increase in interest, so for this year, 4%, we haven't called out any guidance for FY '24 at this stage. But obviously, in the first half, depending on where interest rates go, there could be some headwind, but we're yet to see where that ends up. So at this stage, I'll -- we'll come back to you on that one.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from John Purtell with Macquarie.
John Purtell: Just a quick follow-up. Michael, just on the raw material side, you obviously saw a modest benefit there in the second quarter. I mean it looks like the raw mat indices have retraced a fair way. So the question is what have you baked into guidance because it looks like there should be a pretty material raw material benefit in that second half.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, you're right. As we mentioned, we started to see some modest benefit in Q2 from raw materials as they've come down. Obviously, we're still holding higher inventories. So they're working their way through the system, which you're still going to see some impact from in Q3 as we work those down. We're expecting guidance -- raw materials right now, they're pretty benign across -- remembering, we will have a broad basket of materials across broad geographies. So when we see that pretty benign outlook for raw materials, so in Q3, we're again expecting some modest tailwind from the raw material side. Beyond that, it's really going to depend on what happens to the raw materials and how quickly we can get the inventory out of the system also linked to the demand environment, John, as well. So clearly, if demand improves, and we get stronger than -- we got stronger demand and then inventories will come down faster, you might get a little high tailwind. The opposite is true if the demand stays off -- if demand is softer, and we can't get the inventory out of the system as quickly then that will impact. But the guidance has a range of outcomes built into it, and that's all factored into the guidance range at this stage.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ron Delia for any closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay. Look, we would just like to thank everybody for their interest in Amcor, operator. We feel like we've had a very strong first half and we're looking forward to closing off another strong year for the Company for fiscal '23. So, we'll close the call there. Thanks very much.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-11-01 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good evening. My name is Rob, and I will be our conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Thank you. Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining Amcor's fiscal 2023 first quarter earnings call. Joining today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our website, amcor.com, under the Investor section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we will discuss on this call. Please be aware that we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in that press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates and reference can be made to Amcor SEC filing, including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. Please note that during the question-and-answer session, we request that you limit your question -- yourself to a single question and one follow up, and then rejoin the queue if you have any additional questions. With that, over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Okay, thanks Tracy. Thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's first quarter financial results for fiscal 2023. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A, and I'll start with Slide three, which covers our first and most important value, which is safety. The first quarter showed continued progress on our long term objective of eliminating injuries across our global operations. Our teams are doing a good job proactively identifying and addressing potential risks, and the results are evident with a further 31% reduction in the number of reported injuries globally compared to last year. This good work has also led to a solid increase in the number of our sites that have been injury-free for the past 12 months or more, which stood at 63% at the end of the quarter. Our top priority will always be the well-being of our 44,000 global employees and achieving our goal of zero injuries. Turning to our key messages for today on Slide four, first message to leave you with is the business has delivered another strong quarterly result highlighting the relative stability of our end markets, our relentless focus on recovering higher raw material costs and staying ahead of inflation, and our proactive approach to driving costs out of the business in a volatile and challenging operating environment. The result was another quarter of strong operating leverage with 10% growth and adjusted earnings per share on a comparable constant currency basis. Second, we're confident in our ability to sustain solid organic earnings growth from the underlying business in fiscal '23. We've reaffirmed our guidance ranges for comparable constant currency EPS growth and free cash flow while updating our reported EPS guidance to reflect further strengthening of the US dollar. We assume the macroeconomic environment will remain challenging, however, our continued focus on sustainability, innovation and higher growth, higher value add segments combined with our proactive approach to managing costs, supports our confidence in delivering against our expectations for the year. Third, our attention to sustainability is unwavering. We understand our role in supporting the circular economy and we continue to improve the sustainability profile of our products. And finally, we want to leave you with a good understanding of why we're confident that Amcor's strong resilient business will drive long-term shareholder value creation. Moving to some of the first quarter financial highlights on Slide five. We've had a strong start to the year. On a constant currency basis, net sales growth was 15%, which includes approximately $400 million of price increases related to higher raw material costs. Excluding this pass through impact, organic sales grew 3%, both the flexibles and rigid segments generated price mix benefits and have done an excellent job recovering general inflation of approximately $75 million as a result of non-material costs increasing at double digit rates. Overall volumes were marginally lower, reflecting somewhat softer and variable customer demand through the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, operating leverage was strong with solid top line growth and proactive delivery of cost efficiencies in both businesses, driving EBIT up 9% and adjusted earnings per share up 10%. We continue to expect to deliver strong cash returns to shareholders this fiscal year through approximately $400 million of share repurchases and a growing dividend, which increased to $0.1225 per share this quarter. And our financial profile remains strong with return on average funds employed at 16.5%. We're pleased with our first quarter financial performance and we'll now turn over to Michael to cover more of the specifics, including our fiscal '23 outlook. Michael?
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron, and hello everyone. Turning to our flexible segment performance on Slide six, our flexibles business had another excellent quarter with all business units delivering solid organic sales growth while executing well on inflation recovery, cost initiatives and mix management. Net sales were up 6% on a reported basis, which includes recoveries of higher raw material costs of approximately $270 million, representing 10% of quarterly sales growth. The teams have continued to successfully manage the pass through of higher raw material costs, and as expected, the related price cost impact on earnings for the quarter was relatively neutral. Excluding the raw material impact organic, revenue growth of 3% was driven by favorable price mix benefits of approximately 4%, partly offset by lower volumes. Some business units experience lower demand in certain categories during the quarter. However, our broad market coverage and geographic diversification limited the overall volume impact. Sales across our combined priority segments grew high single digits for the quarter with healthcare a particular standout delivering, strong sales and volume growth across every region. In our Asian business, overall volumes were higher than the prior year, despite lower volumes in China, which was impacted by ongoing COVID related lockdowns. Adjusted EBIT was up 11% in comparable constant currency terms for the quarter, reflecting overall sales growth, price mix benefits and outstanding cost performance, including quick actions taken to flex the cost base in regions where the operating environment has been more challenged. Adjusted EBIT margin of 12.7% was comparable to last year notwithstanding the 130 basis point dilution related to increased sales dollars associated with passings through high raw material costs. Turning to rigid packaging on Slide seven, the key takeaway for rigids is the business delivered another quarter of solid sales and earnings growth. Reported sales were up 19%, which included the pass through of high raw material cost of approximately $130 million or 17% of sales. Excluding this pass through, organic sales growth of 3% was driven by price mix benefits of 2% and volume growth of 1%. In North America, we had positive product mix in the beverage business with hot fill volumes, up 6% reflecting growth across a range of categories, including sports drinks, juices, and ready to drink teas. From an overall standpoint, beverage volumes were lower than last year, reflecting a decrease in lower value cold fill and preform volumes. In the specialty container business volumes increased mid-single digits led by strength in healthcare, dairy and nutrition markets and in Latin America, volumes were up high single digits with strong performance in key countries such as Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. Adjusted EBIT increased 7% on a comparable constant currency basis, driven by higher overall volumes, strong inflation recovery and continued solid operating and cost performance. EBIT margins were 7%, and over the past several quarters have been negatively impacted by approximately 250 basis points due to a sharp increase in resin pricing being passed through the sales line and significantly increasing sales dollars as a result. In terms of the balance sheet, on Slide eight, we continue to maintain a strong investment grade credit rating, which provides us with flexibility to invest for growth and access to lower cost debt markets across key currencies. Leverage at the end of the quarter was three times and right in line with our expectations for this time of year, given the seasonality of cash flow. And as we highlighted in August, free cash flow was lower than the same quarter last year as we expected. Our cash flow is typically weighted for the second half of the year, and in fiscal 2023, this seasonality will be more pronounced given high raw material costs and the decision to increase inventory levels through last year to offset some of the volatility created by supply constraints. We have reaffirmed our four year cash flow guidance with cranes, which I'll come back to shortly. Notwithstanding the temporary increase in inventory levels, we remain highly focused on working capital performance, which is particularly critical in this inflationary environment, and we've maintained our 12 month average working capital sales ratio at 8%. In August, we announced an incremental investment in EPAC and the purchase of a flexibles plant in the Czech Republic and funded both of those investments in the September quarter for a total of around a 100 million US dollars. And while we did not repurchase any shares during Q1, we continue to expect to allocate approximately $400 million towards share purchases in fiscal '23. Turning now to Amcor's outlook for fiscal '23 on Slide nine, while we expect market conditions to remain challenging through 2023, we have had a strong start to the year and taking into account the relative stability of our end market exposures and our strong track record of consistent execution, we remain confident in our ability to deliver against the outlook we provided in August. We have reaffirmed our expectations for organic growth of 5% to 10% from the underlying business, and a benefit of approximately 2% from share purchases, while continuing to expect an impact from the following three non-operating items. Firstly, a negative impact of approximately 4% from higher interest expense after tax, forward curve expectations have continued to move higher, and interest expense is now expected to be in the range of $240 million to $260 million. Net of our expectations for a slightly lower effective tax rate, we continue to expect a 4% headwind to EPS as we know in August. Second, an estimated 2% negative impact from the scale down and scale of our three plants in Russia, which we continue to expect in the second half of the fiscal year and third, a negative currency translation impact of 5%, which is higher than the 2% we anticipated back in August due to the continued strengthening of the US dollar. As a result of this US dollar strengthening, we are updating our expectations for adjusted EPS on a reported basis to be $0.77 to $0.81 per share. In terms of cash flow, we continue to expect the seasonally stronger second half, and we have reaffirmed our adjusted free cash flow expectations to a range of approximately $1 billion to $1.1 billion. However, the stronger US dollar pushes our current expectation toward the lower end of the range. So in summary, for me today, the business has delivered another strong quarter of organic sales and earnings growth as we remain focused on executing for our customers, managing margins and taking decisive actions to rapidly recover inflation while flexing our cost base. Our ability to successfully balance these priorities supports our confidence in delivering another year of solid underlying growth despite persistent market challenges. And with that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Okay, thanks Michael. Before we open the call to questions, I'd like to cover some of the drivers that inform how we think about our growth over the longer term and are relevant for our fiscal 23 outlook as well. For several periods, we've highlighted multiple commercially oriented drivers that have enabled us to deliver solid and sustainable organic earnings growth over the last three years. These drivers include opportunities and priority segments, emerging markets and innovation, and they've not changed and when combined with our ability to deliver continual cost improvements by leveraging our scale advantages and capabilities, these drivers give us the confidence we'll continue to consistently deliver solid organic earnings growth from the underlying business, even in the face of continued challenging and evolving macroeconomic conditions. Our focus on priority segments, including protein, healthcare, premium coffee, pet food, and hot fill beverages will continue to be a driver of growth and mixed benefits with more than $4 billion in collective annual sales, we have leading positions in each of these large addressable markets that have been growing at higher than market rates for us historically. And over time, we expect they'll continue to grow at mid-single digit rates with higher than average margins. As Michael mentioned, healthcare was a particular standout in the first quarter with strong growth across all regions. Emerging markets also continue to be a focus for Amcor. We have a large scale diversified emerging markets portfolio, which generates annual sales of more than $3 billion, and this is another source of organic growth. And over the long term, we expect these markets collectively we'll continue to grow at mid-single digit rates. In the last quarter, several emerging market countries delivered double digit earnings growth, including India, Brazil, and Mexico. Innovation provides a third opportunity for us to drive growth and value, particularly as customers and consumers focused on the critical need for more sustainable high performance packaging solutions. Amcor has industry leading r and d in material science capabilities and expertise and when coupled with our unmatched scale and geographic reach, these capabilities provide unique ongoing opportunities to develop differentiated products to meet the needs of our customers. For example, we're winning new business by taking fresh protein packaging solutions initially developed by the legacy beams business into the Asia-Pacific market, including modified atmosphere packaging solutions in China and the ecotype high barrier recyclable films in Australia. And a cross-functional and import team came together to partner with Pfizer to develop packaging for the first commercial batches of packs, Levi in the US market. Leveraging technology developed by our teams in Europe and our global footprint, we were able to start production of living and base material at the same time in five Amcor sites across five countries in order to fully meet Pfizer's requirements in one third of the standard lead time. Looking ahead, the strategic choices we've made to focus on these organic growth drivers will guide how we prioritize investments back into the business. We see at a wide range of attractive growth opportunities across each of these areas, and we're actively investing to sustain the organic growth momentum we've built over several years before closing a few words on sustainability. Sustainability is fundamental to everything we do and is deeply embedded in Amcor strategy and risk management framework and the basic start within our own operations. Our 2022 sustainability report will be released in a few weeks and will highlight some of the important progress we've made through the year. This includes reaching a cumulative reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity of 35% since the launch of amcos and Bio action program in 2008. A critical journey will continue through our commitment to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. In addition to carbon related objectives, we maintain robust targets for reducing water and waste and achieved significant milestones during the year. A few weeks ago, we also released our first TCFD report highlighting the important work we're doing to help ensure we make the right decisions on climate and packaging sustainability. Turning to Slide 12. We continue to make progress supporting the development of circular systems through the three pillars of our responsible packaging strategy, innovation, infrastructure, and consumer participation. Today, nearly a hundred percent of our rigid and specialty car and packaging portfolios are fully recyclable and in our flexible packaging segment, 83% of our product portfolio is designed to be recycled or has a recycle ready option available for trial. In fiscal '22, we used more than 130,000 metric tons of pcr, up 30% from the prior year, and representing 6% of our total re usage. And we're now building an increasing on our objectives with a new commitment that 30% of our total revenue use will be recycled material by 2030. In one example, to bring this focus on recycled content to life, we've worked closely with monies on the recent launch of packaging for several Cadbury Dairy milk products incorporate incorporating 30% food grade recycled content in both the UK and Australia. This is an important example of how a combination of strong relationships, differentiated capabilities, and a global footprint can translate into volume growth and mixed benefits. For Amcor, we've also continued to collaborate with others to support the development of recycling infrastructure. On October 12th, Amcor was the only packaging company to join 11 brand owners in the consumer goods forum to publicly signal a commitment towards further increasing the use of recycled materials and packaging. Together we express that our common interest in purchasing commercial volumes of chemically recycled plastic and our support for the development of credible, safe, and environmentally sound chemical recycling infrastructure. Our sustainability journey is ongoing and our long term strategy is helping to create a responsible packaging industry for the benefit of Amcor and its customers, but crucially for the environment as well. Turning to Slide 13, we've built a strong foundation to deliver growth and value creation, and we've consistently executed well against our strategy. We don't expect to be immune economic challenges and uncertainties, but we believe we're relatively well positioned with a defensive consumer staples and healthcare focused portfolio in multiple drivers of growth and cost productivity. And our consistently strong cash flow provides the ability to reinvest in the business, to pursue acquisitions or repurchase shares, and to grow the dividend and positions us well to generate strong and consistent value for shareholders over the long term. In summary, on Slide 14, despite a continued challenging economic backdrop, we've had a strong start to the financial year. Our consistent execution has enabled us to deliver solid sales growth and excellent operating leverage, resulting in double digit organic EPS growth. We're confident in our ability to deliver against our outlook for EPS growth and free cash flow, which we've reaffirmed today, and we're executing well to deliver long-term value for shareholders, including by making further progress against our sustainability agenda. And operator, we're ready to open the call for questions
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes in a line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you, operator. Good day everybody. I guess first off, Ron, many consumers stapled to customers of yours are aggressively raising prices and, you know, as a consequence of reporting weaker volumes along with de stalking, which I assume is part of the reason your volumes were sluggish in both segments for the developed markets. How do you sort of see that dynamic evolving as we cycle more fully through into your fiscal year '23? I guess what a customer sharing with you in terms of their own outlook at this point for next year?
Ron Delia: Yeah, look, thanks. It's a tough environment out there as you, as you alluded to, you know, we had flat volumes basically across the business and relative to many who've reported, that actually feels like out performance, believe it or not. Things definitely slowed down through the quarter. Certainly through this September, the month of September, things got a bit more bit softer in, in Europe and North America in particular. I think it's a function of the two things you mentioned. One is obviously there is a bit of inventory built up in the supply chain in certain segments, and I think we'll see that come out relatively quickly given that this is fast moving consumer goods that we're talking about. So we don't expect that any inventory impacts on volumes will be long lasting, but I do believe there is some extra inventory in the supply chain. And then secondly, the cumulative effective inflation on the consumer, which eventually will lead to some elasticity. And I think you're hearing that from brand owners we're, we're hearing in directly from them, and I think they're publicly commenting on elasticity maybe being less than expected, but still there is elasticity in many of the categories that we're supplying into. So look, we have a pretty modest expectation for volumes from here for the rest of the fiscal year. Michael will talk more about that, I'm sure, but, you know, our, our guidance includes a range of outcomes and a part of that range is where we end up on volumes.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, terrific. And then in previous quarters you've called out limitations on certain residents as it relates to availability and all sorts of disruptions and force. Can you just give us an update on that dynamic and some of the volume you've given up in the past as you internalize production and focused on higher mix? Is there an opportunity now to go and recapture that share for the rest of your fiscal year?
Ron Delia: Yeah, well, look, I think the -- as far as availability goes, the raw material availability picture has improved. I wouldn't say that it's completely we're completely supplied, but certainly the constraints that we face through much of fiscal '22 many of those have abated. We're, we're down to a much shorter list of constrained raw materials. It probably held back cells more modestly on the first quarter than it, than it impacted us in fiscal '22. But certainly the situation is improving as far as recovery of lost sales. I think in these segments, it's very difficult to expect lost sales to be reclaimed from one period to the next. Again, these fast moving consumer goods. And, you know, if you, if a sale is missed in in one period, it's unlikely the consumer goes back and double purchases in a, in a future quarter. So I think you know, we've got to look forward at this stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi, everybody. Good day. Thanks for the details. You know, Ron, you know, sticking with this topic that Ghansham teed up, can you talk about to the extent possible, what your customers were saying, where they're seeing the most negative effect from inflation on demand? And in particular, what are you seeing in the protein markets lately? You talk, you know, you talk broadly as you normally do in terms of being a priority area. What are you seeing real time in terms of that market in the first quarter?
Ron Delia: Yeah, look, I think, from a -- the first part of your question about where is the demand, I guess the most elastic, where are we seeing it often the most, I would answer the question more geographically than, than at the segment level. I think firstly I would say our healthcare volumes globally have been very, very strong. So that's the other side of the discussion is that healthcare has remained very robust, particularly pharmaceutical packaging. And that's been true everywhere. I think as it relates to food beverage packaging, home and personal care to some extent. Where we've seen the most softness has, has been in the developed markets in Western Europe and in North America. Presumably, you know, that's where the inflation is biting the, the most, I mean, we've got act actually at the moment, more modest inflation in some of the emerging market countries we're participating in. So really where we've seen the most softness and the increasing softness has been in North America and western Europe. And then I guess I would also add China to that list, but we believe that the China softness is primarily a result of the COVID related lockdowns. We believe that based on the patterns across the global footprint or the national footprint we have in China. So I'd answer to the question that from a geographical perspective, more than a segment perspective, and then as it relates to protein, protein is a high priority segment for us. Without question, it's an attractive segment for a lot of reasons, a lot of innovation in that space in particular around the films and materials. And, we had a, a flattish quarter globally across the protein space, so that's not what you'd expect, and it's not what we've experienced over the last several years. We, we would expect mid-single digit mid to high single digit growth in that segment, and we were, we were more, more or less flat for the quarter.
George Staphos: Thanks, Ron. And my follow on, just as we peer into the beverage business you saw very, very good bus trends in your higher margin areas, which it would be sort of counterintuitive with a consumer being pinched by inflation relative to would be the lower margin areas, which were actually weaker? Yeah, if you could talk to that, that'd be great. Thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
Ron Delia: Yeah, thanks, George. No, it's a good observation and it's a good insight. I would, I would agree with your insight there that generally speaking the hot fill space is, is a space where there are more premium beverages being sold. A lot of that goes through the convenience channel. I think what we're seeing there, to some extent is function of our customer mix. It's a function of new product introductions. Some segments actually held up pretty well through the quarter as, as whole segments ready to drink teas sports drinks to some extent some of the hot filled juices. But I also think its 90 days, and I think in a 90-day period, you, you have distortions that relate to inventories and different customer performance. So I'm not sure I would read too much into that, other than our hot fill volumes have continued to grow at attractive rates. And it's one of the reasons we've prioritized that segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jakob Cakarnis from Jarden Australia. Your line is open.
Jakob Cakarnis: Hi Ron. Hi Michael. Michael, can I just get you to give us a sense of where that inventory is at the moment in both a units and value perspective? Just noting, obviously it continues to build alongside the inflation. Just want to get a sense of how clean that might be given the volume outlook that we've just spoken to.
Ron Delia: Yeah, that from Doug, as we said, I think we were, we were expecting, or we have been holding higher imagery levels or building higher energy levels, really as a, a contingency against the supply constraints that we've been experiencing for the last 12 months. And we guided back in August that we didn't expect that to come out of the system in q1, which it didn't, and we saw, we saw you know cash outflow as a result of that. As we look forward we'd expect, into Q2, things are going to stabilize. And then as we head into H2, we should start to see inventories come off you know, out of the system. And it's a combination of both volumes and value. I'd say the split, if I look year-over-year, it's probably 40% relates to volume and 60% is, is relating to the higher prices year on year. So you know, as we, as we look forward to the end of June part of our cash flow guidance includes a pretty neutral position in terms of working capital year over year. So we we're expecting working capital to be relatively flat versus the prior year where we had an outflow of 150 million. And that's largely on the back of that, that reversal in the inventory side in that helping us guide to that one to 1.1 billion in cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Keith Chau from MST Marquee. Your line is open.
Keith Chau: Good gentlemen thanks for taking my question. The first one even for Ronald or Michael, could you be a bit more explicit about the raw materials benefit that you may receive given your coming off a price cost like neutral scenario in the first quarter? Just wondering if you could help us quantify what the potential benefit could be for the remainder of the year. And, you know, given there could be potential benefits, does that imply the volume outlook is probably more for more softness, And again, if you could be more explicit as to what the volume direction is and quantum for the full year, what your expectations are, that would be fantastic. Thank you.
Ron Delia: Yeah, Keith, I'll touch on volume and then Michael can talk about the, the raw material side. I, I think they, I think to be very plain spoken about it, we do expect soft volumes the rest of the year. I mean, I think that's the cautious, more conservative approach to take. I think you can tell by the operating leverage we got in the first quarter, we've been really proactive at getting after cost. You know, cost performance in the operations in both segments was really strong in the first quarter, and we will continue to be strong, and that's because we expect a pretty soft volume environment, which I think is very consistent with what everyone else in our, in our value chain is experiencing as well, but maybe on the, on the raw material side?
Michael Casamento: Yeah, no, it's on the raw material side cases, as you know, throughout FY 22, we've pretty much over the last two years really, we've pretty much had a, a manage manageable headwind on the, on the price cost lag in recovering raw material. As we exited, FY '22, we were getting to a more neutral position, and in Q1 we were relatively neutral. As we called out, as we look forward into Q2 we, we are expecting a, a modest tailwind on raw materials and, you know, as you know, we buy a basket of raw materials across the globe, and, and so they can move at different times, but based on what we see today, we'd expect some tailwind in Q2. And as we look into the, further out into the year, it's really volatile environment and difficult to say, but, in terms of our guidance, the 5% to 10% underlying performance you know, that takes into a can of range of factors around the raw material pricing. So, to get to the upper end, that would mean raw materials come off faster and we get, we get a bigger tailwind as we head into the second half you know, at the lower end of the range, obviously raw material spike again. But we'll see -- we'll see how things turn out as we head into, into Q3.
Keith Chau: Michael, can I just quickly follow on with that? So you've got inventories from a volume perspective quite significantly high. So 40% of the total uplift, if you're winding back those inventories going into the balance of the year, what type of operating inefficiencies are we likely to see given you've had a period of actually efficiency benefit as you've ramped up inventory? So are we, should we expect a margin impact as you wind back those?
Michael Casamento: Well, a lot of the inventory is raw material inventory.
Ron Delia: Yeah, it's raw, it's raw material, Keith. So, so in that respect, I mean, it's going to flow through get passed through to the customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Kyle White from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kyle White: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go to the beverage volumes down 3% in North America. I know it may be a little bit difficult to say, but is do you think that's a function of some of the destocking that we've been talking about, or is that more longer lasting volume weakness with customers choosing value over volume and, and the inflationary pressures impacting consumer demand?
Ron Delia: Oh, look, it'd be really hard to read anything into the last 90 days. That's, that's long term to be honest, Kyle, I think there's been so much volatility and the volumes through the quarter were quite volatile. So I, I think there's a bit of destocking in there. I think, I'm sure when the dust settles, we'll see some, some shift towards, towards volume over value or toward, towards big packs. I mean, I think that's likely if we hit real soft economic patch, but I think in the first 90 days it's a function of inventories in the chain, it's customer mix. It's a number of different factors.
Kyle White: Got it. And then you touched on it a little bit earlier, but I think the volume challenge in the fast moving good space, it's understood. But can you touch on what you're seeing in the healthcare space more specifically and how that trended through the quarter? And do you anticipate any challenges to, to volumes here from some of the economic challenges as well as the inflationary environment we have?
Ron Delia: Yeah, look, I think healthcare was a real powerhouse for us in the quarter, and it was very consistent through the quarter. So we had high single digit volume growth across the global healthcare business. And that was -- that was consistent by month and it was consistent by region, and we would expect that to continue. I think you might recall that this segment is a mid-single digit grower for us over a long period of time. We had a little bit of a rough patch during COVID when there were less elective procedures and me medical procedures, less prescriptions written, etcetera. I think we're sort of back to roughly where we were pre-COVID and we would expect that business to continue to grow. We've put some investments on the -- into place, which we've yet to really see the benefits of, but that will also help propel the volumes going forward. We've got a new healthcare plant in Southeast Asia. We've got extension of a facility in Ireland as a number of film assets we've put into that business. And we expect that those will help power the business going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yeah, thanks. Good evening everyone. I guess I wanted to ask, just to be clear, in the five to 10% organic EBIT growth in for fiscal 23, what are the assumed volumes in, in in that, in that range and, and I guess associated with that the strong mix and non-resin price that you generated in the flexibles business in the quarter. Just do you see that level of mix potentially persisting through the year especially as raw material availability starts to improve, which I believe had constrained or had been created a mixed benefit for you because you were prioritizing certain market segments last year? Thank you.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Adam, for the question. Look, in terms of our guidance, obviously, we've got a range of outcomes in the 5% to 10%. I mean the base assumption is that volumes are going to be fairly modest. We're not expecting any major volume growth. Clearly, in the first quarter, we were flat and market conditions are pretty tight and tough out there. So where we are focused, obviously, is continuing to drive the business to recover inflation and the raw material costs and actively taking cost out of the business, which also supported the result in the quarter as well as strong mix through continued innovation and mix management driving the focus segments and the like. So in that 5% to 10%, clearly, there's a range of outcomes. If we do better on the volume side in some of the focus segments, then we'll potentially have better mix and end at the higher end of the range. if you see more recessionary impacts and softer consumer demand, that could drive us to the lower end of the range. Obviously, raw material prices, as I touched on earlier, can impact as well. So inflation is the other big one. We did well in the quarter to recover inflation through price and mix. And we are expecting more inflation as we head through the year and expect to recover that. But that's another factor that could drive a range of outcomes in that guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang from CLSA. Your line is open.
Daniel Kang: So just a question on the Russian process. Can you talk us through how it's progressing? I noticed that some of your peers have achieved a better outcome than expected.
Ron Delia: Well, look, we're trying to exit in an orderly way. Just for context, we have 3 factories in Russia. Collectively, they've generated about 2% or 3% of sales over the last several years, about 4% to 5% of EBIT. We announced in August that we're pursuing the sale of those 3 factories. We said at the time we're going to pursue an orderly exit, meaning that we're going to look to preserve value for shareholders as well. So we're running what you -- to the extent you could call it a typical M&A process in that environment, that's what we're doing. And there's been a reasonable degree of interest. So we're still optimistic the process will run its course and complete sometime in the second half of this fiscal year.
Daniel Kang: Great, Ron. And the proceeds would just go to debt repayment, I'm presuming?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think we'll deal with that when the time comes. I mean we are repurchasing shares this year. We've spent about $100 million in the first quarter on acquisitions. We'll continue to look for further acquisitions. So I think we'll see where we get to. But as a general rule, we're not of the view that paying down debt is going to be a very value-creating use of cash right at the moment, even with interest rates elevated from where they were a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on Dan's question, can you talk about ability and willingness to pursue M&A in fiscal '23 in what's probably going to be a tougher macro environment? You had a peer that announced a large acquisition today. And then in that context, maybe you could talk a little bit more about ePAC.
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, look, I'd say the ability and the willingness are both high. But it always takes two to tango in an M&A situation. And we're actively pursuing deals. I mean that's part of our formula and has been for a long time. We think there are good bolt-on opportunities across our portfolio. I think what I would say is you can safely assume that anything that's in the market, in the packaging space or at least in our segments, we're having a look at and a close look at. So the appetite is there. The willingness is there. The balance sheet and cash flow are there. We're pretty clear on our strategy in terms of the segments we want to grow in, the geographies we want to grow in. So we'd like to try to be active. In some respects, a tough macroeconomic backdrop might not be the worst context, the worst setting for us. If you go back over a number of years, we've tended to be more active when asset prices were more modest or at least more in line with long-term trends. And we're going to remain disciplined and actually hope that's the case in this cycle. ePAC, just quickly on ePAC, it's more of a corporate venturing type investment. So we've got a minority stake. We've put some more money into it but it's still a minority position in a start-up -- relative new startup called ePAC, which has been around about five or six years. It's a digitally enabled flexible packaging company. They essentially rely on digital printing. The whole process is digitized. And it's a really exciting opportunity. It's a business that's targeting small and actually micro customers with quick lead times and very responsive service model. And it's been growing really almost by triple digits over the last five or six years. So we're pretty excited about that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Richard Johnson: Just a question on Russia, if I may, please. I noticed you've got a $90-odd million restructuring program related to the sale of the three plants. Just intuitively, that feels like a very high number. And I was just wondering if you could help me understand what's behind it.
Michael Casamento: Richard, that was just the impairment that we took back in -- well, at June 30 year-end, when we noted the asset as held for sale. So we had to impair the asset to an estimated book value -- market value. And so that was the adjustment for that one.
Richard Johnson: Yes. But if you break down that $200 million, Michael, you talk about $62 million and restructuring costs was a further $30 million to go this year. So it's really that bit I'm trying to understand what that is.
Michael Casamento: Right. Yes. Well, part of that was the -- we've obviously got to close the Ukraine and close that piece out. And then to relocate part of the business out of Russia, rightsize the footprint in Europe and also SG&A restructuring as well to help to mitigate the lost earnings from the Russian business, which we feel that we're taking a lot of action in that front to help recover some of that 4% to 5% in EBIT that we're going to end up losing as we go through the sale.
Richard Johnson: And while you're on the line, just on the interest charge, very helpful guidance you've given. I was just trying to get a sense of what that number would be on a constant FX basis.
Michael Casamento: It's pretty similar, Richard. It's not a material movement on that front.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from BMO. Your line is open.
Mark Wilde: Michael, along the same lines, what's the -- what's your breakout just fixed and floating on the debt?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, the fixed and floating piece at the end of September was 50-50 fixed and floating. Since that time, we have taken some fixed rate swaps. And so we're -- today, we stand around about 65% fixed versus 35% floating.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then, Ron, I'm just curious, what would you say the 3 biggest challenges are for you at the moment?
Ron Delia: I think making sure that the teams stay focused on trying to drive growth in the segments that we've nominated as areas we want to grow and at the same time, being out there and really aggressively focusing on recovering inflation. I think that's the key. I think -- there's one other one I'll come to. But I think, generally speaking, we're trying to do two things at the same time, which you could consider to be contradictory. We're trying to grow the business and generate momentum on the top line. And we feel like we've never had more tools at our disposal to do that. And we're investing more CapEx and more R&D, et cetera, et cetera. But at the same time, we've got to be out front of inflation. And so just trying to manage that message internally and managing the balance between those two things is the real challenge. And then the second thing is just -- there's just been a lot of exogenous factors out in the operating environment over the last several years, starting with the pandemic and then the supply chain disruptions and then in the parts of the business impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. There's been a lot of different exogenous factors out there. And so I just want to make sure people have energy and they're renewed and they're pumped up and fired up to come to work every day. I think that's not an insignificant challenge when there's so many different things being thrown at them. They really have nothing to do with the base business of selling packaging.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Larry Gandler from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Larry Gandler: Just in terms of your cash flow guidance, do you need to take further price increases from here to expand that tailwind of price cost lag?
Michael Casamento: Look, Larry, we're -- obviously, you're cycling through a kind of 12-month period. So we -- there will be still some further increase in pricing on the raw material side. We'll see how that plays out into the second half. But I would still be expecting some further increase as we roll through the year.
Larry Gandler: That's further price increases that you guys take as opposed to cost increases, just to be clear.
Michael Casamento: Yes.
Larry Gandler: Yes. Okay. And I don't know, Mike or Ron, if you could just talk to the pet food category, maybe in Europe and U.S., how that played out over the last quarter and maybe recent trends?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's been a solid segment for us in terms of growth and margin as the pet food segment generally has premiumized or humanized, you'll hear the two words used to describe that segment. We transitioned over in many number of years from primarily dry pet food and bulk to essentially almost single-serve pet food in smaller pouches. And we benefited a lot from the increased packaging intensity and that segment is increasing sustainability requirements of that sort of packaging. And one of our innovation platforms, AmLite, is directed squarely at that segment in partnership with some of our big customers. So it's a pretty exciting space and there's a lot of innovation brought to the market, both by the brand owners and by us as a packaging supplier. And it's been a mid-single-digit sort of growth segment for us. The first quarter, quite frankly, was flat. We were pretty much flat globally. The Russian -- Eastern European sales were soft. We had some growth offsetting that elsewhere. So all up, we were more or less flat for the quarter. But we don't see any signs or cause for concern around the secular trends that have made it such an attractive segment going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly from UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Ron, a quick one. Just are you achieving any manufacturing efficiencies in the plants, just as raw material availability starts to improve some of those supply chain challenges start to stabilize? I'd also appreciate a bit of color on labor just in terms of cost and availability and just an idea of how that's all washing through your organic growth guidance.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question. We're really pleased with the plant performance. So firstly, in terms of the availability of the imports, as I noted earlier, the raw material availability has improved. There are still some specialty materials that are in short supply, and I think that's going to continue for a while. But many of the constraints and bottlenecks we were dealing with over the last 12 to 18 months have abated. So that situation has improved. And generally speaking, the labor availability has improved across the network. Certainly, this time last year or even the earlier part of calendar '22, we had some real labor challenges, especially in North America and in Europe as COVID spikes rolled through those regions. That seems to be behind us at the moment. And we've not had real labor constraints for some time. So I think from a factor availability or input availability, the plants have been able to run more unencumbered. And then I think as far as the productivity and the efficiencies, we're really pleased. We think that's one of the highlights of the first quarter. If you look at our 9% EBIT growth, we'd say probably about 1/3 of that came from price and mix but two third of it came from the cost performance in the plants. And so that's where we got the operating leverage to turn really flat volumes, actually modestly down volumes into 10% EPS growth. So we're pretty pleased with the way the plants are performing. And it's important because we're going to need them going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford from Barrenjoey.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Just to follow up on an earlier comment around the restructuring in Europe. Are you able just to confirm, is the plan actually to close plants in Europe going forward? Or is it -- is this provision that was taken, I guess, 3 months ago now more relating to the closure of Russia and you're not actually planning to close plants in Europe?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, just to put some context on that, as I said, the Russian business is about 4% to 5% of global EBIT. Within Europe, it's obviously a much higher percentage. So we've got an -- we're going to sell that business and we're going to lose those earnings. We've got an obligation to try to protect the income statement and generate profit where we can. And so we're going to -- we're going to take some cost out. We're going to rightsize the part of the business that was most directly affected. So some of that cost is related, as Michael said, to just the transition of winding down operations in the Ukraine and migrating certain business out of the Russian plants that can be repatriated into other plants in the European network that will -- that's part of where that cost is going. There'll be some overhead reductions because we'll be operating a smaller business. And there may be a plant closure to be determined, but we haven't come to that conclusion yet.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay. Great. And I guess the free cash flow guidance this year is unchanged. But what's the expectation at this point for the cash significant items that, of course, sort of falls outside of that $1 billion to $1.1 billion guidance range?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, it's a relatively smaller amount, maybe $20 million to $30 million. It's not significant.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Purtell from Macquarie.
John Purtell: Just picking up on a couple of the recent questions. Coming back to you mentioned sort of protein volumes were flat in the quarter and pet foods flat as well and coffee was back a little bit. I appreciate it's only a quarter, but was that sort of destocking driving that sort of flatness? Or is there -- I know you sort of haven't seen -- or haven't called out a sort of material COVID benefit overall in recent years. But we have seen obviously strong coffee and pet food volumes over the last couple of years. So is there a little bit of a cycling effect there from that? Just trying to sort of understand that a bit more.
Ron Delia: It's really hard to say. The only segment where you feel like there's more inventory and maybe got a little bit of a bump in hindsight is the coffee space. We do -- primarily our coffee business now is primarily single serve and systems -- coffee systems, which -- this is more intuitive or hypothesis than it is borne out by facts. But intuitively, more at-home consumption -- more people at home would have driven more at-home consumption of single-serve coffee and coffee system sales pods and the like. And so we may be seeing a little bit of the unwind of that. But I think the more important thing is that long term, these segments, the secular tailwinds that relate to greater packaging intensity to provide the consumer the convenience and functionality that they're now used to. And so we continue to be bullish on these segments over the medium to longer term.
John Purtell: And look, in terms of the final question, sorry, I'm going to ask probably 2-in-1 here. But in terms of if we do see consumers trade down, Amcor's exposure to big brands versus home brands. Historically, you've had a pretty balanced exposure. So you pick up some home brand spend if that indeed does transition. And so the second part is we've talked obviously a lot about sustainability products in recent years. Are we now at a point where you're starting to see those new products really move the needle and make a material contribution to price and mix?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, on the private label versus branded mix, our mix kind of looks like the market. I think you have to get to the segment level. And certain segments have much higher penetration of private label than others and our mix kind of reflects that. And so I would say there's not a whole lot there in terms of what the impact will be as consumers shift potentially to private label from branded goods. On the sustainability platforms, look, we are starting to see some traction. The sales are in the tens of millions of dollars now, which is growing off a low base. So this is sales of the platforms that we talked about before, the AmPrima and AmFiber and AmLite and Sky. So we're starting to get there. I think it's just all part of the formula of continually driving mix benefits and margin expansion off of the organic volumes of the business.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Ron Delia for some closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, operator. Thanks very much for your interest in Amcor today. We feel like we had a good strong start to the fiscal year. And we're maintaining our expectations for the performance of the base business for the rest of fiscal '23. And we look forward to continue to provide updates along the way. Thanks very much. And with that, operator, we'll end the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-08-18 19:25:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Amcor's Full Year 2022 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and thank you welcome for joining Amcor's June quarter earnings call for fiscal '22. Joining the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over, let me note a few items. On our Web site amcor.com under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which we will discuss on the call. Please be aware that we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to be different than current estimates, and reference can be made to Amcor's SEC filings including our statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q for further details. During the question-and-answer session, as the operator mentioned, we request that participants ask their question and then rejoin the queue for any additional questions. With that, over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's financial results for fiscal 2022. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. And kicking off with Slide 3, which covers safety, our first and most important value. Throughout fiscal 2022, we continue to make good progress on our long-term objective of eliminating injuries across our global operations.  The focus of our teams on implementing additional safety best practices resulted in a further 3% reduction in the number of reported injuries globally, and I'm pleased to report that well over 50% of our sites continue to be injury free for the past 12 months or more. We pride ourselves on making the well being of our 44,000 global employees our number one objective, and we'll continue to strive to achieve our goal of no injuries.  Turning to our key messages for today on Slide 4. First, FY '22 has been another outstanding year for Amcor. We could not be more pleased with how our teams have demonstrated remarkable perseverance and agility, continually adjusting to challenges in the operating environment from raw material shortages to high inflation, while remaining focused on driving value for our customers and our shareholders. As a result, financial performance was strong with growth across all key metrics.  The business finished the year with good momentum, more than offsetting any external headwinds so that Q4 was our strongest quarter of sales and EBIT growth, and full year EPS growth of 11% was at the top end of our guidance range. Second, we expect the business to continue performing well and we anticipate sustaining strong underlying growth in FY '23. And finally, we have a resilient and compelling investment case, which has consistently delivered significant shareholder value through a combination of organic growth, value creating acquisitions, and cash returns to shareholders.  Turning to some financial highlights for the year as outlined on Slide 5. In short, we've added to our track record with another year of sustainable growth in the underlying business. Focusing on the strong June quarter, net sales growth was 13% and this included approximately $1.7 billion of incremental price increases on an annualized basis related to the pass through of higher raw material costs.  Excluding this pass through, organic sales growth accelerated through the year reaching 6% for the June quarter in both the flexibles and rigid packaging segments, and our strong performance reflects good work by our teams to recover broader and higher levels of general inflation, mostly through the second half of the year. It also reflects favorable volume and mixed benefits. And as we have in the past several quarters, we benefited from mid to high single digit growth in high value priority segments, which confirms that our focus on these faster growing markets is paying off.  This top line growth converted into adjusted EBIT growth of 9% in the June quarter and it's worth noting that this high single digit earnings growth was achieved in a quarter which clearly no longer benefited from any synergies, and while we continue to experience significant inflation and an unfavorable price cost lag related to raw materials. Flexibles delivered outstanding EBIT growth of 11% in the quarter and in line with our expectations, earnings growth continued to improve in rigid packaging.  For the full year, net sales growth was 13% and 4% on an organic basis, which represents our third consecutive year of accelerating top line growth. Adjusted EBIT of 1.7 billion was 7% higher than the prior year, and adjusted EPS of $0.805 per share was 11% higher than one year ago. Our financial profile remains strong with return on average funds employed at 16.3%. And we also returned more than $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and a higher annual dividend.  Now, before handing over to Michael for more detail on the financial results, let me provide an update on our business in Russia. As previously announced, we've been exploring all strategic options for our Russian business. And after a thorough assessment, we've decided to sell our three manufacturing sites in Russia.  Until completion, which we expect will occur in the second half of our 2023 fiscal year, we remain committed to supporting our employees and customers, while preserving value for shareholders through an orderly sell process. We're also practically undertaking initiatives to help offset the future impact of the divested earnings, including optimizing our European footprint and adjusting our regional cost base.  With that, I'll hand over to Michael who will cover the estimated impact of this sale on fiscal 2023 guidance.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. And I'll begin with the flexibles segment on Slide 6. Performance throughout fiscal '22 was excellent across several different dimensions as each one of our businesses responded quickly to the continued evolving market environment, implementing measures to recover higher raw material costs, manage general inflation, improve cost performance and deliver increasing mixed benefits.  Year-to-date sales of 1.2 billion includes significant recoveries of high raw material costs of 1.1 billion, the overall price cost impact has remained a manageable headwind through this inflationary cycle given the diversity of raw materials we buy, the multiple reasons in which we consume those materials and the leverage we get from our well developed and deeply embedded capabilities which have enabled us to implement a range of pricing actions across the business in a timely manner.  Excluding this raw material impact, we are very pleased with the organic sales growth which was delivered across all flexibles business units as well as the momentum built through the year as we focused on successful recovery of rising general inflation and optimizing mixed benefits.  Organic sales growth was 4% for the year and 6% in the June quarter, representing the strongest quarter of growth for the year. The strong mixed benefits in part reflect continued growth in priority segments, including healthcare, pet food, meat, and coffee. We have made deliberate choices to focus on these segments and through the year have seen organic sales growth in the mid to high single digit range across these categories. More broadly, supply chain disruptions had a dampening effect on growth in certain high value categories through the year, including in the June quarter. As a result, year-to-date in June quarter, volumes across the flexibles business were in line with last year. Based with these constraints, we proactively took action in parts of the business to redirect constrained materials to their highest value use, further enhancing mix.  In terms of earnings, adjusted EBIT growth of 9% on a year-to-date basis and 11% for the June quarter reflects strong price mix benefits and favorable cost performance. Margins also remained strong at 13.6%, despite an adverse impact of 150 basis points from the mathematical consequence of pass through pricing of higher raw material costs. Turning to rigid packaging on Slide 7, the key messages today is the underlying demand has remained elevated across North and South America through fiscal '22, leading to continued sequential strengthening in our earnings growth in the June quarter in line with our expectations. On a year-to-date basis, reported sales grew by 20%, which includes approximately 16% related to the recovery of higher raw material costs. The 5% organic sales growth was driven by favorable price mix benefits of 2% and volume growth of 3%.  In North America, year-to-date beverage volumes were up 1%, hot fill container volumes increased by 2% for the year against the strong comparative period of double digit growth and were up 4% in the June quarter, reflecting continued strength in categories like isotonics and juice. By leveraging Amcor's highly differentiated technology, design and PCR handling capabilities, we are well differentiated in adding significant value for our customers in the hot fill segment, which over a multiyear period has resulted in compound volume growth of around 5%, helping drive consistent mixed benefits. Specialty container volumes continued to improve throughout the year, including in the June quarter, but on a full year basis remained below the prior year which benefited from a strong first half in the home and personal care category. And in Latin America, the business delivered double digit volume growth for the year supported by high volumes in all countries who operate in the region. And the June quarter marks the highest level of volume growth for the business this year led in part by strength in Brazil.  Turning to earnings. In line with our expectation, operating conditions and financial performance in the North American business improved through the second half of the year, after being adversely impacted by industry-wide supply chain complexity and disruptions as well as capacity constraints in the first half. As a result, the overall business delivered adjusted EBIT growth of 4% in the second half, with growth improving sequentially and reaching 5% in the June quarter.  Moving to the cash and the balance sheet on Slide 8. We continue to generate strong free cash flow even as we step up our capital investments and compensate for additional working capital needs from higher raw material costs and supply constraints. Free cash flow was 1.1 billion, in line with the expectations and broadly in line with fiscal 2021. We're pleased with this result given we've the unfavorable working capital impact of higher raw material costs throughout the year and have also proactively increased inventories across the business to help offset some of the volatility created by supply constraints.  Our working capital performance remains a top priority, one even more critical in this inflationary environment. And despite these challenges, we've been able to maintain a 12-month average working capital to sales ratio below 8% and in line with last year. We also see ample opportunity to increase investments in strategic growth projects, which generate strong returns in excess of 20%. This led to a 13% increase in capital investments during the '22 fiscal year. And as we've previously communicated, we will continue to step up investments to support future organic growth.  We maintain an investment grade credit rating which gives us access to funding through the cycle of competitive rates and approximately 54% of our debt is fixed. Leverage of 2.7x on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis was in line with our expectations at year end. And the balance sheet is extremely well positioned with only one maturity in the next 18 months being a €300 million bond in March '23. We continue to deliver on our investment case, returning meaningful capital to shareholders during fiscal '22 year through repurchasing 600 million worth of shares and raising our annual dividend per share to $0.48. In total, we are pleased to have returned more than 1.3 billion to shareholders in fiscal '22. Turning now to Amcor's outlook for fiscal 2023 on Slide 9. We expect adjusted EPS of approximately $0.80 to $0.84 per share on a reported basis. This includes growth of 5% to 10% from the underlying business and a benefit of approximately 2% from share repurchases, offset by three non-operating items. The first, the negative impact of approximately 4% from higher interest expense, which is based on the assumption that interest rates increased in line with the current market forward curve expectations. Second, an estimated 2% negative impact from the scale down and planned sale of our three plants in Russia. And third, a 2% negative impact related to a stronger U.S. dollar assuming current exchange rates prevail for the balance of the fiscal year.  In terms of cash flow, we expect to continue to generate significant adjusted free cash flow for the year of approximately 1 billion to 1.1 billion, even as we fund a further 15% increase in capital investment to capture organic growth opportunities. While Amcor's cash flows are typically weighted to the second half, in fiscal 2023 the seasonality is likely to be slightly more pronounced as we intend to maintain higher levels of inventory in the near term, before returning to more normalized levels later in the year.  As a result, free cash flow in the September '23 quarter is expected to be lower than first quarter of fiscal '22. Our strong cash generation enables us to continue paying a compelling and growing dividend and allocate approximately 400 million in cash to share repurchases during the 2023 fiscal year.  So in summary for me today, the business has delivered another strong year of organic growth as we remain focused on executing for our customers, recovering inflation and higher raw material costs and increasing earnings leverage by managing mix. Our continued and consistent performance supports our confidence in delivering another year of underlying growth in fiscal 2023.  With that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Before turning to Q&A, I want to refocus for a minute on the longer term and our financial performance continues to reflect consistent delivery against our strategy and a resilient investment case which is shown on Slide 10. We enter fiscal '23 with leadership positions in most of our chosen primary packaging segments and with over 95% of our sales for consumer staples and healthcare products.  We also have absolute and relative scale advantages in all key regions, and industry leading commercial and innovation capabilities. With this portfolio, we have a long track record through multiple economic cycles of delivering earnings growth, margin expansion and significant free cash flow, all while maintaining a strong investment grade balance sheet. Our cash flow and balance sheet strength is enabling us to step up investments for growth, and continue to return additional value to shareholders in the form of a growing dividend and regular share repurchases. The starting point in creating value for shareholders will always be the underlying organic growth of the business. And as we've continually strengthened the base business, including over the last few years with the Bemis acquisition, we've built sustainable organic sales growth momentum.  We have multiple drivers of organic growth that have contributed to that momentum and which are shown on Slide 11. We've been focused on these areas for some time and we're investing across each of them. First, Amcor has leading positions in higher growth, higher value priority segments, including healthcare, meat, cheese, premium coffee, pet food, and hot fill containers.  Collectively, we generate more than $4 billion in annual sales across these categories. And they're growing at mid single digit rates and offer significant opportunities for differentiation, contributing to margin expansion. Over time, they'll represent a higher proportion of our sales mix and become an increasingly relevant driver of earnings growth.  We also have a leading and well diversified emerging markets portfolio generating more than $3 billion in revenue, which we expect will also grow in mid single digit rates over the long term, as has been the case for many years. And innovation continues to be one of the most critical drivers of differentiation and growth in the packaging industry. And Amcor is coming from a position of tremendous strength with deep R&D talent and capabilities.  And finally, sustainability is fundamental to everything we do from an innovation perspective, and remains at the forefront of discussions with global brand owners. As the sustainability leader in the packaging industry, we continue to be the supplier of choice to help our customers achieve their goals in a meaningful way and at scale. Organic growth has accelerated over the last three years, and as Michael mentioned, we're stepping up CapEx to around 4% to 5% of sales on an ongoing basis to maintain that momentum.  In our industry, there's also a rich pipeline of acquisition opportunities available to supplement our organic growth. We have a pragmatic and disciplined approach to M&A, and we've completed around 30 deals in the last 10 years and we continue to be active. Earlier this month, we acquired a world class flexible packaging plant in the Czech Republic. This plant features state of the art equipment and immediately increases our capacity in Central Europe to satisfy strong demand in priority segments, including coffee and pet food.  The acquired land and buildings also provide optionality to scale and potentially consolidate operations in that region, while giving us a highly efficient production hub in a strategically attractive lower cost location. We've also invested in several new opportunities through our open innovation and corporate venturing efforts.  These typically start small, but we're very excited to have recently increased our strategic investment in ePac, a fast growing flexible packaging player leveraging digital technologies to offer smaller production runs and shorter lead times. This increased investment in ePac is an excellent example of our objective to partner with high growth, visionary companies to learn from and to leverage new innovations and business models. As you heard from Michael, we have a strong investment grade balance sheet and we expect another year of robust cash flow in fiscal '23, which means we can continue to invest in growth and return a substantial amount of capital to shareholders. We're committed to growing our already compelling dividend every year. And Amcor is one of a small number of companies included in the Dividend Aristocrats Index, which recognizes companies with a 25-year or longer history of consecutive dividend increases. Our current yield is especially attractive at approximately 4%.  And we've also been a regular repurchaser of our own shares, allocating $1.5 billion of cash to share repurchases since 2019. And over that time, we've bought back more than 8% of our outstanding shares, or roughly one-third of the shares that were issued to acquire Bemis three years ago. And looking ahead, we expect our strong cash generation to continue supporting regular share repurchases, including approximately $400 million in fiscal '23.  In summary, on Slide 14, Amcor had another strong year in fiscal '22, generating sustainable momentum and delivering earnings growth at the top end of our expected range. We expect to deliver another year of strong growth in the underlying business in FY '23, and we're committed to continuing delivering for shareholders by increasing investments in the business and returning value through a compelling dividend and ongoing share repurchases.  So with those opening remarks, operator, we can now turn the line over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. In the interest of time, we would like to remind participants to limit themselves to one question and rejoin the queue for any follow ups. Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good afternoon. In rigids, you saw really good volume growth in North America bev and some of your packaging peers have talked about customers pushing price over volume and maybe reducing some promotional activity. I'm wondering if you could just talk about maybe the outlook for bev volumes in fiscal '23 and the dynamic that you're seeing there. Do you think that you're gaining share or maybe you're kind of overweight in some categories that are winning in the marketplace? Just any kind of further detail there would be very helpful?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think that the starting point would be that the demand has remained elevated. If we look across our business -- and we had a good solid year in '22 from a volume perspective, but what's really more compelling in our view is that over two years, our volumes across the beverage space are up 6%. In hot fill, which is a priority segment for us, they're up about 14%, over two years. And that includes growth in both of the years. So we had super strong growth in fiscal '21, little slower growth in '22 against that stronger comp, but the demand has remained elevated. I think over the long term, we continue to expect kind of low single digit volume growth across our end market segments. If we look back over the last five, six, seven years, we've had about 2% total beverage growth, but the hot fill space has grown closer to 3% to 4% and that's what we'd expect going forward. I think looking back over the last 24 months, there's been a bunch of ups and downs clearly, but we like our exposure, we're highly levered to the sports drink category, which has gone through a bit of a rejuvenation. Ice teas, some of the hot fill juices as well have performed well. So that's the expectation going forward, Anthony. It's low single digit growth with maybe a little bit more in hot fill.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just switching to flexibles. In terms of improving material availability, what inning do you think you're in there or at what point does that maybe run its course? And does the guidance assume maybe kind of a modest mix headwind in '23 as you kind of maybe go back to some maybe lower margin customers? I don't know if that's the right way to think about it, but any color there?
Ron Delia: Yes, let me answer -- it's two separate questions. Let me try to answer both. As far as the raw material availability goes, I'd say we're in the middle innings. I think it's been a bit like a Whac-A-Mole game in terms of the availability constraints that we have dealt with over the last, say, 12 to 15 months. We still have constraints on some specialty polymers. I think the commodity raw materials that we source have been in ready supply for quite some time now. Where we've had constraints it's been more in specialty resins. At times, we've had constraints or limitations on aluminum supply as well, that seems to have abated a bit. But as far as the overall basket of goods, I would describe that we're in the middle innings. I think we would like to believe there's light at the end of the tunnel. As far as our guidance, we assume basically ready availability and low single digit volume growth in flexibles. Hopefully, we see the end of it by the end of the fiscal year in terms of the constraints. And then, look, as far as mix, the other part of your question, I think -- we would expect organic sales growth to be generally similar. But over time, as materials become more available, the contribution to that sales growth will balance out. So we might see a little bit less in a bridging sense from mixed and a little bit more from volume. But longer term, and this is important to note, making the distinction between the bridging of one financial year to the next and just the long-term strategic direction, which is to drive improved mix and drive growth in those higher priority segments that we talked about. 
Tracey Whitehead: Operator, we will take the next question please.
Operator: As a reminder, we would like to ask participants to limit their questions to one and rejoin the queue for follow ups. Your next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good day, everybody. I just wanted to follow up on Anthony's question on the elasticity impact. Ron, maybe just a broader portfolio question, just rigids but flexibles as well. Have you seen any sort of impact as it relates to new product introduction activity or anything like that, because clearly a lot of your customers are talking about consumer elasticity taking hold? And then also just to clarify, the 3% price contribution in flexibles, apart from the 11% pass through impact, what exactly does that encompass? These market based price increases as you attempt to adjust for higher freight and labor costs or is there something else there? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes, let me talk -- I'll answer the first question and Michael can come back on the second around the pricing. Look, we talked to our customers, as you'd expect, and we're close to our customers across the different markets that we're participating in. I think generally, the same messages come back. And that is what you hear them say publicly, which is, to date, in this part of the inflationary cycle, elasticities have been lower than they would have expected and lower than historical levels. But they're also quick to point out that there is elasticity of demand even across these more defensive end markets. And there's a potential for that elasticity to increase as we get deeper into this period of high inflation. There's a cumulative amount of inflation that builds up which could impact the consumer. All that being said, we really like our portfolio. We have no general industrial exposure. We're almost completely exposed to consumer staples and healthcare products, which have proven over a number of economic cycles to be quite resilient. And we've got no durables exposure of any kind also. So we feel like we're as well positioned as anybody. Certainly, if you go back, if you'd follow the company 5, 10 years ago, our portfolio now is more defensive than it's ever been, and as I said, essentially, all of our exposure into more defensive segments. You want to talk about the price?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. In terms of the pricing, so as you've seen from the results, our teams have been out there working really hard to get not only the raw material increases back in the year, and when you see it, we put through about 1.5 billion in raw material related price increases through the year, so about 12% of revenue. And that kind of counted at 25% increase generally across the board in raw materials. But in addition to that, clearly we've seen pretty significant increases in inflation across things like energy and freight, and to a lesser extent some labor. And so clearly, our teams have been out in the marketplace recovering those non-raw material related items as well and working really hard to do that. And if you think about energy and freight as a component of Amcor's cost of goods, they're a smaller component, they're around about 3% of our cost of goods. And during the year, we've seen somewhere between 15% to 20% increases in those items. And that equates to around 100 million, 110 million. And then if you take labor and a few other things into account, the overall inflation for the year was somewhere around $150 million mark. And if you look at our price increases across the board, we had about a 1% price increase in non-raw material added, so 1% in sales growth. That's a pretty similar amount to the inflation that we saw.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with Barrenjoey. Your line is open.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Thanks for taking my question. Just one on Slide 9. The sort of 5% to 10% organic growth I guess based on organic volume growth of 1% to 2%, can you just sort of step me through that leverage? Are you expecting price increases to more than offset cost inflation? I'm sure there's a bit of mix in there. But it's just good leverage there from volume to EPS?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I would describe it as basically the components that you just outlined. So we start with expectation of low single digit volume growth. We start with the expectation that that volume growth will be more heavily weighted towards the more differentiated higher value segments that we've called out. We would expect to continue to get inflation recovery. And we would expect to continue to drive cost productivity in the business. So those building blocks probably haven't changed much. In certain years, we've had acquisition synergies to contribute. We don't have that obviously in '23. But those are the building blocks.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: But just on the restructuring costs taken below the line throughout the year, there was another 11 million in the fourth quarter. And I note there was no Bemis synergies in that period as well. So maybe you can just help us understand what are some of the examples of things that contribute to that 11 million in the June quarter and if we should expect some of that to continue into FY '23?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Brook. It's Michael. Look, that was just the end of the program, so there's some tail off on certain costs relating to -- mostly relating to footprint related items, the impairments and other things. So that's specifically on the Bemis program, which is now closed out. So you should not expect any more costs below the line for that program, which we completed this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Gandler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Larry Gandler: Thank you. Just making sure you can hear me.
Ron Delia: Yes, sir.
Larry Gandler: Thank you. Okay. First question, I guess, Michael, with regards to the cash flow guidance, I was hoping for at least raw materials inventory not to be a drag on cash flow in F '23. Given the cash flow guidance is not in advance of F '22, it does seem like there is a bit of a drag. Just wondering if you can walk us through that? And my second question is related to -- you recently appointed -- this is probably a question more for Ron. You guys recently appointed a Head of Global Sales I guess to harmonize some of those high margin categories and your presence across Europe and U.S. Ron, maybe you can just talk about the priorities there?
Ron Delia: Sure, okay. Do you want to take the first one?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. So I'll start with the cash flow. Look, we're looking forward to another strong year of cash flow in that 1 billion to 1.1 billion range. There are several factors that drive that. Obviously, we're going to have some -- we'll have higher EBITDA within that cash flow from a working capital standpoint. In FY '22, we had a cash outflow of around 150 million on the back of the raw material price escalation and holding more inventory on the back of the volatile and disruptive marketplace. So we're not anticipating an additional outflow as a result of that. But at the same time, you're going to see increased sales and further pass through. So there will be some working capital impact from that, albeit we'll be holding working capital to sales around that below 8 ratio, which we've been pretty consistent on over the last few years. So no real impact on the inventory side. It's also going to depend on what happens with raw material pricing and how the market supply chain works. But pretty much, we're looking for neutral [ph] working capital impact. Obviously, we're going to be spending more in CapEx. So we talked about a 15% step up in CapEx, which will -- that's included in the guidance. And then with the higher interest, that's an outflow that we didn't have this year. So when you put all that together, looking forward to another strong year in that 1 billion to 1.1 billion range.
Ron Delia: And then, Larry, yes, you asked about the Head of Global Sales and Marketing, which is a role that we've had but we've elevated. And maybe just for context, we run the business in a very decentralized way through the business groups. We have a small number of resources in this center that drive leverage across the portfolio in areas that we think are the highest impact. And sales and marketing has been one of those for quite some time. We've had that role in this center. What's new is that we've elevated it. It's now a direct report to me. It sits on the leadership table. And there's a few things that really I'm expecting to get out of it. First and foremost is we just -- as we pivot increasingly towards generating higher levels of organic growth and top line growth, we just want the voice of the customer even more prominent around the leadership table. And so this person will help us do that. Clearly, we have some global customer relationships that have always required a degree of coordination. So she will pick that up as well. And then our commercial capabilities, which is an initiative called Value Plus that we've had in place for 15 years or so, it's a commercial excellence program inside the company. Think of it as sort of Six Sigma for the commercial side of the business. She will also take the lead in driving continuous improvement in that program as well. So that's the rationale for the elevation and increase in prominence of what's always been a very important role for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good day. Hope you can hear me okay?
Ron Delia: Yes.
George Staphos: Thanks for all the details. My question is going to be on Russia, Ron and Mike. So I wanted to understand the guidance for next year, you've mentioned it would be about a 2% effect, considering that you assume the business winds down and is sold by mid fiscal '23. Does that mean then that in fiscal '24, there will be a residual comparison? There will be the other half that you're comparing against in fiscal '23 from having the business in your result? And then more broadly, you mentioned footprint alignment, cost reduction. Can you talk to us about how you are going to best try to fill some of the earnings that will be leaving? And how much will acquisitions play in that effort for the company? Thank you. And good luck with the new year.
Ron Delia: Yes. Thanks, George. And I'll take it. Michael can tag on here at the end. But we've decided to sell these three plants, which have historically produced around 4% to 5% of our EBIT. The planning assumption and the assumption that's embedded in our guidance for the year is that we complete that sale process at some point in the second half of the year. And between now and then, we're scaling back the operations, which is all consistent with what we had said back in March and I think on our call in May. Now as far as the difference between roughly a 2% headwind in FY '23 and whether or not there's any residual impact in '24, look, we're pedaling really hard to offset the gap. And so we don't expect any meaningful residual impact in FY '24. Clearly, we're losing 4% to 5% of earnings. We're going to take a hard look at the cost base in that part of the business. We'll be rightsizing, if you will, the cost base in that part of the company, looking at footprint as well. And so we expect to mitigate the remaining impact to the extent there is any.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you to everyone. I guess first question is just thinking about maybe the growth you've delivered in the quarter and your thoughts in fiscal '23, maybe a bit more regionally. I'm just wondering -- you gave some color regionally in the rigids business, but help us think about kind of what you're seeing in Europe, Asia. China had lockdowns in the most recent quarter that could have proven disruptive. And especially in Europe, as you look ahead, weaker economic growth, kind of how you -- and the impact of energy and power prices, how that's both impacting your view of costs but also your view of consumer demand? And I think high level, Ron talked about kind of low single digit volume growth outlook as a starting assumption for fiscal '23, and I'm just trying to build up to that a little bit more?
Ron Delia: Okay. I'll handle that part, and Michael you can come back and talk about the energy point. Yes, well, that's right. The starting point is the assumption of low single digit growth. If we look backwards a bit in '22, because I would expect that we will have similar dynamics at work in '23, generally speaking across the developed markets, we had sort of flat to low single digit volume growth in North America. Europe was a little bit softer because we had even more acute supply shortages of certain raw materials, and we prioritized some higher value segments and customers. But in the emerging markets in '22, we had mid single digit growth. And that's been sort of a long-term trend. So that's the way we would expect FY '23 to evolve as well. You asked specifically about China. China has been volatile. It's been a really consistent grower for us for a long time. We had good growth across FY '23 as well. But clearly, in the fourth quarter, in particular, with some of the lockdowns, we had some very strong months and we had some very soft months. And I would expect those ups and downs to persist into the start of '23 at least as things normalize. But generally speaking, I guess the next level of detail beneath the low single digit growth across the portfolio would be kind of lower single digits in the developed markets, Europe and North America, mid single digits in the emerging markets of Asia and Latin America. I would point out as well, just because of some of the comments you made in asking the question, this has been a very resilient business through a number of economic cycles. And I can't emphasize that enough. And I also would point out to those that have followed the company for a long time that the portfolio has not been as defensive as it is now. We really have no general industrial and durables exposure. Michael, do you want to talk about energy costs?
Michael Casamento: Yes. So look, in terms of energy, as I said earlier, we've certainly seen inflation in our energy costs around the globe and in Europe, and that actually in Europe accelerated in the second half. But we've been out there recovering it. And we're certainly anticipating there's going to be more inflation to come. But the teams are out there and covering it. And the level is dependent on where things get to in that marketplace. And obviously, we've factored that into the guidance range and the range of outcomes in that guidance range. So overall, we're expecting inflation to continue and the teams are out there recovering it.
Adam Samuelson: All right. Thank you. I appreciate the color.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jakob Cakarnis with Jarden Australia. Your line is open.
Jakob Cakarnis: Good evening, Michael, and good evening, Ron. Just a question on the CapEx outlook. Obviously, the third quarter update, you upgraded the CapEx to sales guidance to be between 4% and 5% of revenue. And today, you've mentioned that there's a 15% increase in the CapEx guidance. Can you just give us some indication as to where that CapEx is being allocated? Is it going to allow Amcor to compete more in the sustainability and recycled materials space, or are we looking at kind of BAU investment back into the business? I'm just wondering how it sets you up strategically moving forward.
Ron Delia: Yes. So look, the guidance is consistent. If you do the math, we're working our way up to that 4% to 5% of sales range, which means that for a couple of years, there will be larger increases on the order of the 15% that you referenced. Generally speaking -- well, as a general rule, it's going into business as usual in the sense that we are not allocating capital outside of our lane in the value chain. So what we're not doing is allocating capital in a major way to recycling infrastructure or things like that. That's a separate discussion, but we think we can contribute to the development of infrastructure in a different way. So from that perspective, you could call it business as usual. But I think what's exciting to us is that we're -- we see enough line of sight to good organic growth in some of the priority segments that we've referred to and some of the innovation platforms, which do have sustainability attributes that we can deploy more capital to drive higher levels of growth. A couple of examples. In healthcare, we've opened a new healthcare packaging plant in Singapore. We've also expanded a plant in Ireland in the medical packaging space. We've put money to work in Switzerland to supply Nespresso capsules. We've continued to invest in our innovation platforms, our sustainable innovation platforms. We've talked publicly about a platform called AmLite, which is a recycle-ready material that can be used for human food pouches and pet food pouches. So those are some examples of where the capital is being deployed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie. Your line is open.
John Purtell: Good day, Ron and Michael? How are you?
Ron Delia: Good, John. How are you doing?
John Purtell: Very well, thank you. Just in terms of price and cost spread and how we should think about that, are you expecting a meaningful positive price/cost spread in '23? And we know that you won't have the benefit or incremental benefit of Bemis synergies for the year ahead. And I suppose as part of that, is that sort of price/cost spread, are you starting to see that come through in a positive way now or is it more a second half weighting, assuming it does?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Hi, John. It's Michael. I can take that one for you. Look, throughout this year, we've seen pretty volatile and persistent increases in raw material mixed across the globe. If you remember, we buy a broad basket of raw materials and geographies, and they move at different times in different ways. But what we did see through the year was a recovery of that. But for the entire year, it was a headwind, a manageable headwind. I'd say it eased as we got into the second half and in Q4 certainly was a marginal headwind. Where raw materials are today and what we see moving forward, there are still movements upwards. Aluminum is probably one that's come down, but the marketplace is still, across the globe, volatile. But what we've included in guidance for now is that we think in the first quarter, things are going to be relatively stable based on what we see today, and we could start to see some marginal tailwinds as we get to December. But what happens in the second half, we'll see. It's all going to depend on where the raw materials move. But that's all been factored into our guidance, the guidance range that we've put out there in that 5% to 10% underlying business. Obviously, if raw materials come down fast, and that's one of the elements that could get us to the higher end of the range and if they continue to escalate, then as you know, we recover it but there is always a lag in that. And so that could be one of the factors that leads us to the bottom end of the range. But where we sit today, fairly neutral in Q1, perhaps some slight tailwind as we head into Q2.
John Purtell: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Johnson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much. Ron, can I just quickly ask you a question on rigid plastics? Your major competitor in hot fill reported volume growth for the June quarter, which was slightly higher than yours. And the reason they gave for their growth was market share gain in sports drinks. And given how consolidated that category is between the two of you, I just wanted to clarify whether you'd lost any share in that particular area? And then just secondly, a quick issue for Michael, if I might. Michael, can you remind me how you account for interest hedging gains and losses? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, on the hot fill space, in response to someone's question earlier, I pointed out over the last two years, hot fill volumes are up 14%. Across any of the categories that we're exposed to, there's not been 14% growth, I can tell you that. So I think that our share has improved over the last 24 to 36 months pretty meaningfully. Michael, on the interest --?
Michael Casamento: Yes. On the interest rate swaps, Richard, yes, they're part of the interest expense. They run through that line.
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kyle White: Thanks for taking the question. Ron, a little bit more longer term question here. Just curious how we should think about the shareholder growth algorithm over the long term? You're still targeting a 10% to 15% shareholder return. I guess why shouldn't it be higher, given the increase to CapEx and organic investments, especially towards some of these higher value end markets that you're targeting? I guess, obviously, you're increasing CapEx now. It takes time to get those returns. But do you see runway for this algo increasing, especially as you include M&A to it?
Ron Delia: Look, it's a good question. I think the short answer is, yes, you can see a path at some point. But as you pointed out, we need -- there's a bit of ramp up to get returns from the capital that we're putting to work. I think the other thing that will happen is that the mix in that algorithm will shift a bit over time. We've been grinding out the organic growth from margin expansion and cost productivity over the years, and then we've been quite acquisitive, although less so more recently. So I think over time, you'll see that organic growth come a little bit more from the top line overall and a little more commercial productivity. And I think you'll see us get back on the acquisition path again as we had been prior to the last few years. So I think we're comfortable with the algorithm at the moment, but there's reasons for optimism that the mix will evolve a little bit as we move forward. And that's why we're putting our money behind some of these growth projects that I outlined earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Kang with CLSA. Your line is open.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, everyone. I guess we've noticed in terms of resin prices, it's pulled back quite meaningfully in recent months. Can you talk us through your thoughts on the dynamics that's driving this and new PE capacity coming on board potentially providing a more medium-term tailwind?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, as Michael alluded to, the basket of resins that we buy have moved in different directions and at different paces. And so overall, we actually saw resins across our global basket go up a bit in the fourth quarter. But there's definite signs that things will ease. And in the medium term and even maybe a bit sooner, in certain regions of the world, there is more capacity coming on stream in some commodities, and that will certainly take some of the heat out of the pricing. Remember that supply/demand is one element. We also have the underlying feedstock prices playing a role as well, so oil and natural gas which have come off a little bit, and I'm talking very recently now. But it's really those two things that drive the prices in the polymers that we consume. And for the last period of time here in this more recent inflationary cycle, we've had pressure from both. We've had raws supply/demand working against us at times and we've had inflation in oil and gas. It's possible that in the near term or certainly in the medium term, both of those factors abate and we start to see some more meaningful softening and more sustained softening across the basket of raw materials that we're buying.
Daniel Kang: Thank you, Ron. If there is a chance for a follow up, I just wanted to ask about potential M&A. Are you seeing more opportunities at potentially more attractive valuations, given the higher rate environment?
Ron Delia: Not yet, but you would have to believe that as rates go up, as the high yield market maybe gets a little tighter and a little more constrained, that there will be maybe less competition for deals. That would be the theme that you would expect to emerge. It's a bit early in the interest rate cycle and it's a bit early generally in the asset pricing cycle for us to have seen that yet. But we're in a great position, because we know exactly where we want to go strategically. We know exactly the segments that we'd like to acquire in to advance our strategy. And we've got a great financial position to work from with a really strong balance sheet and lots of cash flow. So we'll certainly be in the deal flow to the extent assets do come to market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good evening, Ron. Good evening, Michael.
Ron Delia: Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Just curious about just any inventory destocking behavior that you're seeing? We've heard a lot of conversation about this with different retailers, but I think there have also been questions about whether upstream from them, whether some of the CPGs have taken on a little extra inventory over the last couple of years and whether they might be starting to bleed a little bit of that back out now? Just any thoughts around that, Ron?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's always difficult for us to have great visibility into where things stand from an inventory perspective down the value chain. I guess this is really anecdotally. I'd probably suggest that there is probably more inventory than there needs to be in some parts of the chain, as it's been particularly acute in any part of our business and really held things back. But I would say with the limited visibility that we have, you'd probably say there's a little bit more inventory than there needs to be in certain segments. But take that for what it's worth, which is just a bit anecdotal.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then if I could just follow on real quickly. Can you just update us on sort of where volume is at in both kind of healthcare and medical devices, because you did mention some incremental healthcare and device investments? I know earlier in the pandemic that some of those volumes were weak. I'm just curious about where you stand right now.
Ron Delia: Yes, that's a good question. I'm glad you asked. Healthcare volumes generally, medical device packaging and pharmaceutical packaging have bounced back very strongly. So we had good mid to high single digit growth across both of those segments through FY '22. Pharma was a little bit slower to rebound. But the medical device packaging volumes for us now are back to where we were pre-pandemic. Now that's a segment that has grown in sort of the mid single digits for us for many, many years. It's a good margin business and innovation intensive, et cetera. So we expect that to continue. But we're back to where we were in 2019.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hi, Ron. Thanks for taking the follow on. I want to come back to acquisitions and recognizing you're going to be very disciplined, as always, about the businesses that you look at. You mentioned that sustainability is core to everything that you do at Amcor clearly. How important will it be for the acquisitions that you look at to either give you a new technology, a new ability to promote sustainability and otherwise help your customers' products become more sustainable? Or it's important but really what you're looking at are the financial metrics, the improvement in return funds employed and so on. How would you have us think about how you're evaluating that? And if you could talk a little bit about the Czech facility and just provide a bit more color on that that would be great? Again, thanks and good luck in the year.
Ron Delia: Yes, thanks. Look, it's a great question, George. I would say the two factors that you outlined are inextricably linked. As you think about doing an acquisition, especially anything of meaningful scale, you'd be thinking more beyond the first couple of years of ownership. And so you'd be thinking about the sustainable growth in a business that you'd be acquiring. You'd be thinking about the sustainable competitive advantage. All of those things in our universe are going to be linked to sustainability. So it's inconceivable that we would buy something that didn't further enhance our sustainability, the sustainability credentials of our product portfolio. That being said, we like our product portfolio as it relates to sustainability. We think that we've got the key to more sustainable products with the staple of product segments that we're in today. So we don't see any real need to step out. But anything that we look at will increase -- will be accretive, if you will, to the sustainability profile of our product portfolio. And because for no other reason then, it will lead to better financial outcomes over time and higher returns ultimately. Just really quickly to close off on the Czech plant, we bought a plant which is relatively new, and it was opened right at the outset of the pandemic so it's very low utilization, gives us instant capacity in Central Europe, and it happens to have assets that are easily directed towards some of our priority segments, including coffee and pet care. So it's essentially -- we're essentially buying a plant more so than a business. And we closed on that in early August, and we'll be working over the next couple of years to fill up that site. And if things go well, then we've got optionality to expand the site as well. So pretty excited about that little bolt-on in that part of the world.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Ron for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thank you, operator. Thanks everybody for joining the call today and your interest in Amcor. We've had a strong year in '22 and we're expecting another strong year in '23 and expecting that the resilient investment case we've built up over the years will be especially compelling in this environment. So thanks again, and we'll close the call there.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-05-03 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. My name is Savannah and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor Third Quarter 2022 results. Today's conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, Operator, and welcome everyone to our March quarter earnings call for fiscal 2022. Joining today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over to them, let me note a few items. On our website amcor.com under the Investors section, you'll find today's press release and presentation, which will be discussed on the call. Please be aware that we'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and the presentation. Remarks will also include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause future results to differ from current estimates. Please refer to our filings on the SEC website or on our own website for further details. During the question-and-answer session, we request that participants ask their question and then rejoin the queue for any additional questions. With that I'll hand over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks Tracey and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's financial performance at the end of the third quarter. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. And since safety is our first and most important value we'll start on slide 3 with safety as we do in every meeting at Amcor. And we believe our ultimate goal of zero injuries is absolutely possible and we continue to make good progress. So far in fiscal 2022, we reduced the number of injuries across the company by 5% compared to the prior year and more than half of our sites have been injury-free for at least 12 months. Now of course this quarter our attention has turned to the tragic and devastating war in the Ukraine. We moved quickly to close our Ukraine site in Kharkiv before the start of the invasion to protect our local team. And we continue to support those coworkers and their families in any way we can, including through direct financial support and by assisting those who've been displaced. All up, we've contributed more than $1 million to vital humanitarian relief efforts. We also announced our decision to scale down our operations in our three Russian sites and to explore all strategic options for those plants. As always, our path forward will continue to be guided by our values and by our responsibilities to all of our stakeholders. I'd like to publicly thank all of my Amcor colleagues who are contributing from near and far to this challenging and upsetting situation. Your commitment, caring and generosity has been an inspiration. Turning to our key messages for the quarter on slide 4. First, the business delivered another strong result with the March quarter representing our strongest period of sales and earnings growth for the fiscal year so far. Second, our teams have continued to demonstrate an exceptional ability to remain focused on managing sales mix and inflation while delivering for our customers. Third, given the strong execution and consistently strong earnings growth through the year, we've raised our guidance for fiscal 2022 EPS growth. And finally, Amcor has established a strong foundation for growth and value creation over the last several years and we're increasing capital investments in priority segments and geographies as well as in our innovation capabilities. Turning to the financial highlights on slide 5. March quarter performance was strong across the board and I'll start with a few highlights. Net sales grew 16% in the third quarter including more than $450 million of incremental price increases related to the pass-through of higher raw material costs. Excluding this pass-through, organic sales growth was 5% in both the Flexibles and Rigid Packaging segments. Consistent with the first half, we continue to benefit from favorable mix as well as actions to anticipate and recover higher levels of inflation than we've seen for many years. This top line growth converted into adjusted EBIT growth of 9% in the quarter. The Flexibles segment delivered EBIT growth of 10% and in line with our expectations Rigid Packaging returned to earnings growth after experiencing a unique set of supply chain challenges in the first half. As you see on the bottom of the slide this strong March quarter builds on a solid first half, so that on a year-to-date basis, net sales have increased 13%, adjusted EBIT has increased 6% and adjusted EPS is up 11%. And our financial profile remains strong and we continue to increase cash returns to shareholders. We expect to repurchase $600 million of shares this year, which when combined with our annual dividend, means we anticipate returning around $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders in fiscal '22. Before I hand over to Michael, I want to come back to a slide we presented last quarter, which touches on our priority segments. Amcor has a leading position in each of these categories, which collectively generate over $4 billion in annual sales and share a few common features, including large addressable markets, higher-than-average growth rates and significant room for Amcor to grow and differentiate. By making deliberate choices to focus on these high-value higher-growth categories over time they represent a higher proportion of our sales mix, contribute to consistent margin expansion and become an increasingly relevant driver of earnings growth for Amcor. And we've seen this trend so far this year in both Flexibles and Rigid Packaging including in the March quarter and we expect this will continue as we allocate more capital and resources to these segments. You'll hear more about these mix benefits from Michael, as he provides some more detail on our financial performance.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. So I'll begin with the Flexibles segment on slide 7. The businesses continued to perform very well through the year, executing to recover higher raw material costs, manage general inflation, improve cost performance and deliver increasing mix benefits. Reported year-to-date sales grew 11% and 14% in the March quarter. This includes significant recoveries of higher raw material costs which increased to $330 million in the March quarter, representing 13% of growth and $1.3 billion on an annualized basis. The overall price cost impact has remained a manageable headwind through this inflationary cycle given the diversity of materials we buy the multiple regions in which we consume those materials and the implementation of a range of pricing actions across the business. Excluding this raw material impact, sales grew 3% year-to-date and 5% in the March quarter. And as Ron mentioned, this performance reflects our continued focus on managing mix to drive growth, particularly in priority segments like health care pet food and premium coffee where we have seen mid-single-digit growth year-to-date. Supply chain disruptions have had a dampening effect on our volumes in certain high-value categories through the year. And in parts of the business, we have taken action to direct constrained materials to their highest value use, which further enhances mix. As a result, year-to-date and March quarter volumes across the Flexibles business were in line with last year. In terms of earnings adjusted EBIT growth of 8% on a year-to-date basis and 10% for the March quarter, reflects strong price/mix benefits and favorable cost performance. Margins also remained strong at 13.1% despite an adverse impact of 140 basis points from the mathematical impact of pass-through pricing for higher raw material costs. Turning to Rigid Packaging on slide 8. The key messages today are the underlying demand remains elevated and the business returned to earnings growth in the March quarter in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, sales grew by 19%, which includes favorable pricing to recover higher raw material costs of 14% and organic sales growth reflects 3% higher volumes and price/mix benefits of 2%. In North America, year-to-date beverage volumes were up 2%. Hot fill container volumes increased 6% in the March quarter and 2% on a year-to-date basis, which reflects continued growth in key categories like isotonics and juice. Hot fill containers is a high-value priority segment for Amcor, where we see significant opportunities to differentiate. And over a multiyear period, our ability to leverage technology, design and PCR handling capabilities, has enabled us to deliver compound volume growth of 4% and consistently improved mix. Specialty container volumes improved sequentially in the quarter, but remained below last year on a year-to-date basis with the prior year benefiting from a strong first half in the home and personal care category. And in Latin America, the business delivered strong double-digit volume growth on a year-to-date basis, reflecting strength in Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, and Peru. In terms of earnings the North America business was adversely impacted in the first half by inefficiencies and higher costs, resulting from industry-wide supply chain complexity and disruptions as well as capacity constraints. However, operating conditions and financial performance improved in the March quarter, where the Rigid Packaging business delivered adjusted EBIT growth of 4%. We expect this improved performance to continue through the balance of fiscal year '22. Moving to cash on the balance sheet on slide nine. Free cash flow in the March quarter was $75 million higher than last year, which was a pleasing outcome in the context of continued raw material inflation. On a year-to-date basis, cash flow of $263 million is below last year, primarily due to unfavorable working capital outflows, relating to higher raw material costs, as well as some planned inventory increases across the business. We continue to maintain a strong focus on working capital performance, which is even more critical in an inflationary environment and our rolling working capital to sales ratio remains below 8% and in line with last year. Notwithstanding current high working capital requirements, we have ample capacity to increase capital investment in strategic growth initiatives. Ron will provide some more color on this shortly, but for fiscal 2022 we expect capital expenditure will be approximately 15% higher than the prior year. And year-to-date we are tracking in line with that expectation. Our financial profile remains strong with leverage at 3 times on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis, which is where we'd expect to be at this time of the year, given the seasonality of cash flows. And we continue to increase our cash returns to shareholders. So far this year we've repurchased $423 million worth of shares and expect this will reach $600 million by year-end and our quarterly dividend per share of $0.12 is also higher than last year's dividend. Taking us to the outlook on slide 10. Given our strong March quarter and year-to-date performance, we are raising our outlook for adjusted EPS growth to 9.5% to 11% on a comparable constant currency basis. This represents an EPS guidance range of approximately $0.795 to $0.81 per share on a reported basis, assuming current exchange rates prevail for the balance of the year. We expect significant free cash flow for the year of approximately $1.1 billion, which includes the adverse impact of higher raw material costs on working capital. It is also important to note our fiscal 2022 guidance assumes no further earnings from the business in Ukraine in the final quarter and takes into account a range of possible outcomes in Russia. As a reminder the four sites in Ukraine and Russia combined represent approximately 2% to 3% of Amcor's annual sales, approximately 4% to 5% of annual EBIT and approximately US$200 million to US$300 million on the balance sheet. So in summary from me today, the business has delivered another strong result, as we remain focused on driving value by delivering for our customers, managing mix and recovering general inflation and higher raw material costs. And this strong execution gives us the confidence to raise our guidance for the 2022 fiscal year. So with that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Before turning over to Q&A, I'd like to spend a few minutes on the longer term starting with our investment case on slide 11. We've maintained a consistent strategy that's guided how we've evolved our portfolio over the years, so that we're the clear global leader in most of our chosen segments within the primary packaging space for fast-moving consumer goods and health care products. We have absolute and relative scale advantages and a strong track record of earnings growth, margin expansion, significant and growing free cash flow of over $1 billion each year and maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. And that cash flow and balance sheet strength enable us to step up investments for growth to drive increased momentum in the business. At the same time we have the capacity to return a significant amount of cash to shareholders in the form of regular share repurchases and a growing dividend, which currently yields around 4% or double the average of the S&P 500. We continue to see no shortage of high-quality organic growth opportunities across the three areas that we've highlighted in previous quarters and which are shown on slide 12. I already mentioned priority segments and Michael's comments highlighted the mix benefits that are important -- are an important driver of earnings growth. We also have a leading and well-diversified emerging markets portfolio, which we expect will grow at mid-single-digit rates over the long term. And innovation is increasingly a clear differentiator and growth driver for Amcor, particularly as it relates to the development of more sustainable packaging, such as the groundbreaking global product platforms shown on this slide, including AmLite AmSky and AmFiber. And slide 13 is a double-click on AmPrima, another example of a global product platform that sets us up as the partner of choice for customers as we work together to meet our mutual sustainability goals. AmPrima is a family of packaging solutions that are designed to be recycled and deliver significant sustainability benefits without compromising critical performance features, including heat resistance, high barrier, transparency and run speed. Over time, we've introduced second and third generations of AmPrima, expanding the number of end market applications and adding recycled content options for certain products and the material structure is now pre-qualified by the How2Recycle program in the United States. Volume growth is now increasing rapidly, as some of the most recognizable global brands begin to move from qualification and trial into commercialization. And AmPrima is also a great example of a revenue synergy unlocked by the Bemis acquisition. Capacity was first implemented in Oshkosh, Wisconsin with some capacity allocated to other regions to see demand. And as volume commitments have grown, we've scaled out adding capacity in Europe and soon in Latin America as well. Moving to Slide 14 and to dimension the increasing investment we've referred to a few times and to bring it to life with some more examples. We've been stepping up CapEx by around 15% per year including in the current 2022 fiscal year, as Michael mentioned and we expect this will take our CapEx to sales ratio from the 3% to 4% range historically to 4% to 5% on an ongoing basis. We have a number of projects already underway or nearing completion, which will generate attractive returns and drive organic growth going forward and this slide showcases a few examples. In Brazil and in the United Kingdom, we're adding multilayer film capacity to serve growth in the priority health care and meat segments. In Ireland, we're adding new state-of-the-art thermoforming capabilities to strengthen our leadership position in medical packaging. And in Italy, we're adding production capacity for one of our global product platforms AmLite Heatflex. And since launching this recycle-ready pouch for retortable applications we've seen significant interest from a long list of customers and the majority of this new capacity is already sold out. Just a few words on our broader sustainability agenda on Slide 15. Better package design like AmLite and AmPrima which takes into account the full product life cycle is a critical element of responsible packaging. But achieving the type of lasting large-scale impact we envision requires broad cooperation with expert partners from across the value chain. One way we've been most impactful is by bringing our capabilities to the table as standards are developed to make circularity the norm. Through the consumer goods form Amcor recently contributed to the development of principles for advanced recycling technologies which can play a critical role in reducing the environmental impact of hard-to-recycle plastic waste. We're also actively contributing to the changes needed in waste management and recycling infrastructure by creating demand. In April, we announced a partnership with ExxonMobil providing us access to their advanced recycled materials which can be used in health care and food packaging applications. We have similar agreements in place with multiple suppliers and as we increase our use of recycled materials the carbon footprint of our products is also reduced. And that reduction combined with ongoing efforts to make our own operations less energy-intensive sets us up to achieve our net zero ambitions which we announced earlier this year. To summarize on Slide 16, Amcor delivered another strong result with the March quarter representing the strongest period of sales and earnings growth for the year. We continue to manage well through inflation and improvements in our sales mix while delivering for our customers. With strong year-to-date performance and good momentum, we've raised our guidance for fiscal 2022 EPS growth. And looking over the longer term, we've built a strong foundation for value creation and we're stepping up our investments to drive growth margin expansion and long-term value for shareholders. That concludes our opening remarks. Operator, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Anthony Pessina with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Hi. This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. So you raised the EPS guidance, but free cash flow guidance moves towards the lower end of your range. Is that delta driven by working capital impacts from resin costs? And is there anything else that we should be mindful of in regards to your updated free cash flow guidance such as CapEx or payables or receivables? 
Michael Casamento: Yeah. I'll take that one. It's Michael here. Look the bottom line is it's all working capital related. And the impact -- the reason we're at the lower end of the range there and still holding to the range is really around the continued escalation in raw materials that we didn't see at the beginning of the year. And so through the year, we've seen that continue -- we're holding our working capital to sales ratio. So that's been really pleasing through the year, as we're managing working capital in a great way to some extent. But just from a pure sales revenue increase and an annualized basis, it's going to be like in that $1.5 billion range. That just means you've got $120 million impact on working capital outflow from that raw material increase. Other than that nothing else of note. Everything else is in line as we expected. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Keith Chau of MST. Please go ahead.
Keith Chau: Hi Ron and Michael. Just a question with respect to guidance on the Russian-Ukraine issue. Ron you mentioned the range of outcomes for what could happen in Russia. Can you give us a bit more detail in that respect? And also if you could address some of your peers or at least customers are saying that they would forgo profitability in the region given what's happened. Is that part of the range of outcomes that you're exploring at the moment for Russia? Thank you.
Ron Delia: Yes, just to dimension the Ukrainian position and Russian business, as Michael alluded to, we've got four sites in that region one in the Ukraine and three in Russia. We've got about thousand people working in those four sites. The Russian and Ukrainian businesses combined generated about 2% to 3% of sales, 4% to 5% of EBIT and as Michael pointed out, $200 million to $300 million of balance sheet. The Ukrainian site has been closed. Obviously, our first priority has been keeping our people safe as it always would be you'd expect. And so we closed the site in the Ukraine just before the invasion started and we're able to get our people safely out of that area. The Russian plants are continuing to operate. We're well aware there's a number of public announcements that customers have made. And I would remind you that our business in Russia is focused exclusively on a very small number of multinational customers, all of whom despite whatever the public announcements have been, continue to operate there. And so we continue to support them while we explore our own options and look our options range from continuing to run the business to every other possible extreme that you can imagine. Our tendency and our history has never been to be overly prescriptive about strategic moves like that. So, I think we'd ask you to wait and see and view our actions more so than anything that we might say in advance. And as far as the guidance impact, clearly, the Ukrainian site is not running, the Russian plants are running at different degrees of utilization and that's all factored into the EPS range that Michael outlined.
Operator: Our next question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi everyone. Good day. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the quarter. Ron I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the Flexibles business and go through a bit more of the drivers in the quarter. Overall, I think you said volumes were relatively flat even though it looks like European Flexibles accelerated in the quarter, while North America stayed in a low single-digit range. If I'm correct what drove the European acceleration? And it looks like Asia decelerated to maybe a flat or down, LatAm remained down, even the mix was good. Can you say whether that was in fact the case and talk about the drivers in some of the end markets in those regions and countries as well? Thanks very much.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think the business is performing really well. So, we had 5% organic growth -- sales growth across the business on relatively flat volumes and then converted that to 10% EBIT growth across the segment. So, we're really pleased with the profit conversion. North American business continues to grow. The sale organic sales growth is mid-single-digits with some volume growth in the low single-digit range. The European business in the quarter had a slightly higher organic sales number still in the mid-single-digits though on volumes that were modestly down which I'll come back to. And then the organic sales growth in the two emerging markets businesses was up. Now, with regard to North America and Europe, we're particularly pleased with the performance of both of those businesses, the two larger businesses in the quarter and in particular, because of their management of mix. Mix, as you know, from a long period of time in Amcor has been a key driver of profit expansion over many, many years. And it's a function of orienting our portfolio more and more towards higher-value segments and higher-value products and that's exactly what we've seen in the quarter. So, in Europe, we saw a trade out of lower-margin products that are more intermediate in nature into other converters and we used constrained raw materials to support some of our higher-margin segments in pharmaceuticals medical device packaging, pet food, coffee and some of the segments that have been focal points for us for many years. That's really the story of the quarter. It was really very much about mix.
Operator: And our next question will come from John Purtell with Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
John Purtell: Good day, Ron and Mike how are you.
A – Ron Delia: Hi, John
Michael Casamento: Hi, John
John Purtell: Just in terms of raw materials and any impacts on demand. I mean you continue to do a good job of recovering higher raw material costs and I think that's true of the sector as well. A lot of this has been passed on to the customer and now we've got another up leg in commodities. So just be interested in any demand disruption that you're seeing in end markets? And are you concerned about that type of event? 
A – Ron Delia: Well listen, John we're concerned about inflation generally like everyone else. In our space, given that we're exposed to consumer staples and health care products historically, we've not seen a high degree of demand elasticity. And I think, so far if you take the comments from other public companies through this quarter, there hasn't been very much demand impact from the prices that have been taken across the segments we're exposed to. I think most customers that have reported and have commented on the topic, have said that they've seen less demand elasticity than they expected and also less than they've seen historically. And so far we've not seen a demand impact.
Operator: And our next question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you, good evening, everyone. I maybe hoping to dig a bit more on the mix benefits in the period. And Ron you talked -- just kind of alluded to prioritizing certain customers in the health care segment in particular. And just how do you think about the durability of those benefits? And if we -- raw material availability improves over the next year, do you think there's still net margin benefits from the volume you'd be recapturing, or how do we think about the margin tailwinds or headwinds that might present into fiscal 2023? Because you seemingly had a pretty notable shift in your product mix in the period. 
A – Ron Delia: Yes. Look Adam, it's a good question. If you go back and look over a long period of time at Amcor the margin expansion period-on-period has been very consistent. And this -- I'm talking about a five or 10-year view. You'd see consistent margin expansion regardless of the raw material cycle anywhere from 10 to 30 basis points in a given period when we're in a more steady-state environment absent any major M&A. And a big part of that margin expansion story has been the strategy we've had in place for a long time to constantly optimize the mix both the product mix, the segment mix and the customer mix. That's been the focal point for our commercial teams for a long period of time and that's going to continue going forward. As far as where to from here, we don't expect that mix improvement impact to slow. What we do hope is that raw materials become more plentiful and more available and we can satisfy all of the demand that we have. I mean we're still in an environment where certain materials are constrained and we still have probably forgone in the low single-digits of volume growth for lack of raw materials. So if we look forward, we would hope that that normalizes and the mix improvements will continue as they have for a number of years now.
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Larry Gandler: Hi, thanks, guys. My question is on the CapEx guidance Ron. I think you said 3% to 4% for the – was it 4% to 5% for the foreseeable future. And I can understand at the current point you're building quite a few factories there that it's 4% to 5% now. But I'm just wondering are you thinking that philosophically, the business needs to invest more organically and maybe you can roll up into that perhaps the acquisition pipeline for quite some time might be something you're thinking won't be too active.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, Larry, just to be clear we've pointed to the historical range of 3% to 4% of sales. And what we've said is that expect that that will be more in the 4% to 5% of sales range going forward. And it's a function of a couple of things. Firstly, the opportunity set is rich. As the portfolio has evolved and a lot of it is through what we picked up in the Bemis acquisition in Flexibles and as the rigids portfolio has evolved into the more specialty space, we just have more organic opportunities than we've probably ever had. So that's the starting point. And when I say good organic opportunities, I mean those where we could deploy capital and generate an attractive return for shareholders. So that's the starting point. Secondly, the business is generating more and more cash flow. It's increasing its cash generation capacity, especially as we come through the integration era if you will. And as we look at alternative uses of that capital, we have, we believe an ability to balance funding the organic growth that we see continuing to pursue acquisitions, buying back shares in the absence of acquisitions and then obviously maintaining a pretty healthy attractive dividend. So we just feel like the cash generation is sufficient now to support all of those potential drivers of shareholder returns and the organic growth opportunity set has just never been more robust.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Roxland: Thanks very much. Hi, Ron, Mike, Tracey, congrats on the quarter. Just one quick question regarding volume growth. Given the material constraints, which obviously negatively impacted volume, can you comment on any potential reengineering or reformulation of your products to get the necessary finished products or revise these products qualified into customers? Anything that you pursued to or reformulated during the quarter or have been doing through year-to-date to adjust or to account for this material constraint?
Ron Delia: Yes. It's a great question, a great observation. I mean you can rest assured we are doing everything we can to find viable alternatives when materials are just constrained. I think that – we have an advantage in that we're a large-scale buyer and we're buying materials in multiple regions. So the first thing we do when we run into any kind of a constraint is we look to source the material from another region. And so we've been able to tap into our global network and our global footprint to I think navigate the situation quite well. But there are times when there's just no material available globally. And that's why in parallel we're looking at reformulations wherever possible. Those typically do not happen quickly. And I think there's nothing I could point to in the quarter that's material enough but there is plenty of activity in terms of qualifying alternative materials and looking to reformulate away from materials that have been more prone to outages.
Operator: And our next question will come from Nathan Reilly with UBS. Please go ahead.
Nathan Reilly: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. I'm just interested Ron, how much headroom have you got in terms of your plant capacity utilization at the moment. Obviously, I appreciate you've been somewhat volume-constrained as well recently. But I'm also just curious to understand what type of volume uplift you'd be expecting to see from the increased investment in CapEx that you're playing going forward?
Ron Delia: Look, Nathan, it's a broad network and the capacity utilization will vary across the business quite dramatically. So in the extreme you have our Rigid Packaging business in the beverage space, which has been sold out for a long period of time now for several quarters and we're adding capacity there which is just to satisfy the continued elevated demand we see in PET and beverages In the Flexibles segment, we see very high utilization for the assets that are directed to the more sustainable products that we make some of the global product platforms that I alluded to in the prepared remarks. But we will be adding capacity and that capacity will help support the volume growth expectations that we have going forward which have traditionally been in the low single-digit range.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ghansham Panjabi from with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good day, everybody. Just as a follow-up to some of the earlier questions maybe you can give us a sense as to which specific raw materials you're still short on. And how do you see that sort of evolving over the next couple of quarters? And then just bigger picture I mean the current environment is obviously extraordinary for the entire supply chain and no one really knows how the consumer is ultimately going to react all these inflationary inputs and so on. Just curious Ron, in terms of how you service your customers and how you go to market, is there anything that you noticed that's different in terms of what your customers are sort of asking you with now versus in years past just given the nature of the current environment? Thank you.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look on the materials that are short, I mean, it's been a bit of a whac-a-mole game to be honest with you in terms of where we're short which material and which region in which month or which week, I guess, you could say. And more often than not it's been some of the specialty materials in Flexibles and rigids which are additive to the primary material. So it's not been -- to a large extent for quite some time now it's not been the base polymers that we buy the big commodities like polyethylene or polypropylene. We did have some shortages in PET for a while but those have abated. It's been more the specialty materials that are added to provide barrier or some other property that's required to deliver the full functionality of the package which have really been highly volatile. Aluminum to some extent, I guess, would be the other main commodity which at times has been in short supply. Look, I think, this too shall pass. I mean there's no reason why we should expect indefinite outages. But at the moment it's just been continued volatility. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Richard Johnson with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much. Ron, my question is on rigid plastics. One of your major -- in fact your major competitor in the US talks about resin being something over 40% of the cost of sales. Is that the same for you? And probably more pertinently can you talk please about the 60% of non-raw material cost and give -- and provide whatever detail you can on the inflationary pressures in that part of your cost basket please? 
Ron Delia: Yes. I'll talk about the COGS in Rigid Packaging and maybe Michael can talk about the inflation we've seen generally because we've talked a lot about raw materials but inflation more generally is obviously front and center. Look the Rigid Packaging business I'm not sure who the competitor is but the resin component of COGS is actually higher in rigids than it is in Flexibles. And I would have said it's probably in the 60% to 70% range. And that's as you know a straight pass-through that's linked to the commodity index either PET or one of the olefins. But as far as general inflation goes Michael why don't you comment on what we're seeing. 
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look I think the general inflation across the globe I mean where we're seeing increases is predominantly in energy and freight and it varies by region. But in -- we're seeing inflation there in the range of kind of 15% to 20% but the point to remember is that those elements of our COGS are quite small low single-digits. So we're out in front of that. Some of that we can pass through to customers. Other parts of that we've got to take price. And we're out in front across the globe working our way through that to recover those increases that we're seeing in general inflation on those two items. In terms of labor it's been more supply than I guess labor wage rates for us. So we've had disruption in labor particularly in North America and Europe around COVID and the like which we've had to deal with. And we've seen some elevated over time and other labor costs associated with that. But it's again been manageable and we haven't seen the rate increases although we are expecting some of those to start to come through. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Kyle White: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I know your exposure to China is relatively limited, but just curious what impact you've seen from the lockdown situation there on your production and demand in that region. And what did you assume in your outlook going forward from that situation? 
Ron Delia: Yes. Look China is a big important business for us about 5% of sales. It's a business -- it's our largest emerging markets business. We operate the Flexible packaging segment there. So there's not -- Rigid Packaging doesn't participate in China. And it's a business that's been growing at a pretty healthy rate for the last several years. First half as well we had kind of mid single-digit top and bottom-line growth. It's also a very profitable business. We have a national footprint there with 10 or 11 factories across the country. But importantly it's essentially a China for China business so we do very little importing or exporting in and out of China. The third quarter was a little bit slower I think primarily because we're cycling an incredibly strong third quarter last year, which probably had to do with the timing of Chinese New Year as much as anything else. But our business was flat to modestly down in the third quarter. April definitely slowed. In April, I would say is, where we started to see some impacts of the lockdowns and not so much on our operations. But in some of our customers' plants, where they weren't able to operate for periods of time we definitely saw a slowdown in April. And honestly, it's very difficult to tell what March or June portends. So our guidance range from an EPS perspective, includes a range of outcomes on China although bear in mind, we're down to two months we know the outcome for April. So I think we feel pretty comfortable with the range and the consideration we've given to the dynamics in China.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from James Wilson with Jarden Australia. Please go ahead.
James Wilson: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. It's James Wilson standing for Jakob Cakarnis from Jarden. If we back out the $120 million of raw material impacts from your $200 million working capital field over the quarter beyond seasonality what's giving you confidence that this will unwind in the fourth quarter, especially given that your guidance remains unchanged? And also just on that, are you able to tell us what this inventory spill up is occurring more in recent or in Flexibles?
Michael Casamento : Yeah. Hi, James, thanks for the question. I'll take that one. Yeah, look what we've seen actually year-to-date in working capital is about a $200 million outflow versus prior year and about half of that is price. The other half is building raw material and finished goods. This year, particularly, we've been able to build some inventory in the Rigid Packaging space, which we weren't able to do last year and that's ahead of the heavy season in Q4 which is typically what we would normally see. We would normally see inventories build leading into Q4. So that's part of it. In addition to that in the Flexibles space and across the board we've also conservatively increased in inventory particularly in some of the products we've had shortage of supply on. So we'd expect that that is going to unwind that component of the – the inventory increase. It's going to unwind in Q4 as we cycle through our busiest quarter of the year. So that's how we factored that into the full year guidance.
Operator: And next we have a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thanks for taking the follow-on guys. You had talked about increasing your growth investments and you cited regionally where you're putting various products. Ron given some – and Michael some of the volatility that we've seen over the last couple of years would that perhaps change where you'll put the next growth investments in high-value investments, or really it doesn't really affect where you might put either a coffee line or a high-barrier line or personal care line? And are you at all raising the required rates of return given the volatility that we've seen in some of these markets again either for geopolitical or from macro reasons? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Ron Delia: Yeah. Thanks George. It's a really good question. I mean, you're throwing intellectual property protection into the mix. And we've always had different criteria, or differentiated criteria I should say for where we put capital and differentiated return expectations for any capital project. The good thing about our business is that, the incremental capacity is small as a percentage of the total capital that we'll deploy in a given year. So if you can imagine that our capital spend will be $500 million, $550 million or something like that. A new – even a new plant to produce one of the platforms that I've talked about might be in the $20 million, $30 million range. So none of the projects that, I was alluding to earlier with the exception of the new plant we built in China, which is a little bit more none of them are a really substantial portion of our overall capital spend in any one year. And so what that does is creates a portfolio effect across the different investments that we make which in and of itself is a risk mitigation methodology, if you could think about it that way.
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Larry Gandler: Hi, Ron. Thanks guys. I'll ask my obligatory ESG question. But, Ron, the US the European Union is, I think reviewing the waste and packaging directives looking to table a new bill into the European Parliament. And I think it's going to involve end producer or end user recycling schemes like container deposit similar to that, but for Flexibles. I'm just wondering if you guys are sort of reviewing that situation. And what would those sort of schemes mean for a converter?
Ron Delia : Yes. There's a lot of legislation in play in Europe and in the United States and elsewhere in the world. We're across all of it, Larry, as you could expect, where we provide comments. We're often consulted for perspectives, which we provide both directly and through the various associations and affiliations that we have. Generally speaking, we see these regulations as innovation opportunities and ways to further differentiate and add and create value to our customers. In many cases where there's an extended producer responsibility, regime or plastics tax or something of that nature, there's an eco modulation component, which means the fee that the brand owner ultimately the consumer will pay can be reduced if the package or the product overall has a lower environmental footprint. So that creates an opportunity for us to add more value to our customers as they deal with these regulations. And generally speaking, if it's a well-constructed EPR where the industry has some control over the framework and where the funding goes back to the waste management infrastructure, we're supportive. We're certainly not supportive of general revenue raising taxes and things like that, but where well structured frameworks are in place we're certainly supportive. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Scott with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andrew Scott : Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Ron. Just a question on the Flexibles business. You've spoken about targeting or focusing your capacity towards your higher value customers, which obviously, perfect sense. Just interested as we go forward and capacity comes back, do you see all of those customers coming back into the mix, or do you for want of a better word see yourselves doing some bottom-slicing which is something you've done historically very well. 
Ron Delia : Yes. Look, I think, to the extent that we'll have better differentiated products then we'll be able to capture any portion of the market that we've not been able to satisfy more recently. There is an element of bottom-slicing in the mix outcomes that you've seen even in the most recent result albeit out of necessity for lack of raw materials. But look I think we're in the business to sell and sell more units than rather than less. And at the moment the limiting factor has been raw materials. That will ease over time. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. And I would now like to turn the call back over to Ron Delia for closing remarks.
Ron Delia : Okay. Thank you operator. Thanks everyone for joining today and for your interest in Amcor. We've had a strong quarter. We've had a strong first nine months of the fiscal year and have increased our expectations for the run home to the finish. And again, thanks for your interest, and we'll speak to you all next quarter. 
Operator: And this will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-02-01 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome. My name is Emma, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor 2022 Half Year Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Amcor's first half earnings call for fiscal 2022. Joining the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, where you'll find our press release and presentation, which will be discussed on the call today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and presentation on our website. Also a reminder that the call today includes some forward-looking statements, which remain subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please refer to Amcor's SEC filings, included -- including our statement on Form 10-K and 10-Q to review factors that could cause actual results to differ from what we are discussing today. During the question-and-answer session once again we request the participants limit their questions to a maximum up two and then rejoin the queue for any follow-up. With that, I'll turn it over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks, everyone, for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's fiscal 2022 first half results. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening [Technical Difficulty]. I'll start with safety, which is where we start every meeting at Amcor. It's the first and most important of our values and keeping every one of our 46,000 employees around the world safe and healthy is our highest priority. In the last six months, we reduced the number of injuries across the Company by 10% compared to the prior year and 58% of our sites have remained injury-free for at least 12 months. Our teams have continued to make good progress on safety despite the complex environment, and we're proud of their focus, dedication and performance. However, our ultimate goal is no injuries, so there is more for us to do. We have four key messages set out today on Slide 4 for those following along with the webcast. First, we delivered a solid result through the first half, and we can confidently reaffirm our full year guidance. While we continue to navigate through the challenging and dynamic operating conditions affecting the entire industry, our teams are executing and performing exceptionally well. We continue to prioritize our customers and our scale and operational agility have enabled us to service demand and drive growth in priority segments, while also recovering higher input costs at the same time. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders, which is our second key message. We now expect to return more than $1.3 billion of cash in fiscal 2022 through dividends and share repurchases. Third, we built a strong foundation over the last several years, and we're focused now on investing for long-term growth, with an emphasis on priority segments and geographies and our innovation capabilities. And finally, for many years, we've made great progress against a broad range of sustainability goals, and we're raising our ambitions again with a commitment to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Turning to the financial highlights on Slide 5. We delivered double-digit net sales growth, which includes approximately $650 million of price increases. We remain incredibly proud of our teams and in the tools and capabilities we've developed over many years that enable us to continue recovering and increasing costs in an environment characterized by broader inflation that we've seen for some time. Excluding this pass-through impact, organic sales grew 2% on the back of higher volumes and favorable mix. Both segments in every geographic region contributed to organic sales growth and volume growth accelerated in the second quarter in both our flexibles and rigid packaging businesses. The Flexibles segment had a particularly strong quarter, generating high single-digit earnings growth and margins remain strong. In Rigid Packaging, our results for the half were in line with our expectations. The business continued to experience a particularly challenging environment in North America, which resulted in operating inefficiencies and higher costs, although we're encouraged by a number of favorable trends we've seen through the half and earnings improved as we exited the second quarter. EPS increased 9% for the half. Our financial profile remains strong and cash returns to shareholders are significantly higher. We've repurchased almost $300 million of shares in the first half, and we expect to repurchase a total of $600 million through fiscal 2022, which is $200 million higher than we anticipated last quarter. Combined with dividends, this means we anticipate returning more than $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders for the fiscal '22 year. With that, I'll hand over to Michael for some further detail on the financial performance.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. Hi, everyone. And turning to Slide 6 and beginning with the flexibles, the business performed very well through the half year as our teams demonstrated impressive focus when it comes to recovering higher input costs and managing operating performance, whilst delivering growth in higher-value priority segments. Reported sales growth of 10% for the half includes recovery of approximately $480 million of higher raw material costs or 10% growth compared with last year. And in the December quarter, recoveries reached almost $1.1 billion on an annualized basis. Consistent with the outcome in the first quarter and as expected, the overall price cost impact in the first half was unfavorable, but remains manageable, given the diversity of materials we buy, the multiple regions in which we consume those materials and the implementation of a broad range of pricing actions. As a result, margins have remained strong at 12.9%, despite higher raw material costs and related pricing recovery. At $480 million through the half, the top line recovery alone had an unfavorable impact on margins of 130 basis points. Excluding this raw material impact, revenue growth of 2% was driven by favorable mix across the business, and reflects our long-term strategy of optimizing performance through the delivery of consistent growth in priority segments, including health care, coffee and pet food. Notwithstanding the dampening effect on volumes that supply chain disruptions had during the period in some categories, including health care and protein products, overall volumes across the business were in line with the first half last year, and we saw low single-digit volume growth in the December quarter. In terms of earnings, adjusted EBIT was up 7% for the half and reflects growth in high-value segments and strong operating cost performance. Turning to the Rigid Packaging business on Slide 7. Reported sales grew by 17% in the half, including 13% related to the pass-through of higher raw material costs. Excluding the raw material recovery, the business delivered year-to-date sales growth of 4% against a strong period of double-digit growth last year, and this included a 3% increase in volumes as well as a 1% price mix benefit. In North America, underlying demand in the beverage business remains strong, and year-to-date volumes were 3% ahead of the same period last year, accelerating to 6% in the December quarter and building on 13% growth delivered in the second quarter last year. Hot fill container volumes were broadly in line with the second quarter last year, notwithstanding we are cycling growth of almost 30% in the prior year. We have seen good volume growth in isotonics as well as iced tea categories, where customer demand for 100% recycled PET bottles has been strong. Specialty container volumes were lower against the prior year, which also benefited from higher volumes in the home and personal care category. And in Latin America, the business delivered double-digit volume growth reflecting strength in Argentina, Mexico and Colombia, and earnings were higher. From an earnings perspective, the business in North America was adversely impacted as we expected, by inefficiencies and higher costs resulting from industry-wide supply chain complexity and disruptions. As Ron mentioned, earnings performance improved as we exited the second quarter, and this was helped by a number of positive trends, including better availability of PET resin and new capacity coming online, which also supported our ability to build some additional inventories ahead of the peak summer season. Although the operating environment is likely to remain dynamic and somewhat complex, we anticipate conditions will continually improve, and earnings for the Rigid Packaging segment are expected to grow in the second half compared with the same period last year. Moving to cash and the balance sheet on Slide 8. First, as a reminder, our cash flow is seasonally weaker in the first half of the fiscal year, and this year, we delivered cash flow within our range of expectations for the half, particularly in light of a higher cost environment. First half cash flow was below last year, and this mainly reflects the timing impact of higher raw material costs on working capital across the business, along with planned inventory increases. We continue to maintain a strong focus on working capital performance, which is even more critical in an inflationary environment and our rolling working capital to sales ratio remains below 8% and in line with last year. As planned, capital expenditure is tracking higher than last year as we have stepped up organic investments in priority segments and geographies. And Amcor's balance sheet remains strong with leverage at 2.9x on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis, which is where we'd expect to be at this time of the year, given seasonality of cash flows. Cash returns to shareholders in the first half were almost 50% higher than last year and we increased our quarterly dividend per share and repurchased a greater amount of shares. And as Ron mentioned earlier, we now expect to allocate a total of $600 million towards share repurchases in the 2022 fiscal year, which includes the additional $200 million announced today. Taking us to the outlook on Slide 9. The business has delivered a solid result for the half, in line with our expectations, and the outlook for our business remains positive. This enables us to do two things today. First, reaffirm the 2022 guidance we outlined in August and November, where we continue to expect adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 11% on a comparable constant currency basis, which represents an EPS guidance range of approximately $0.79 to $0.81 per share on a reported basis, assuming current exchange rates prevail for the balance of the year. And we continue to expect free cash flow in a range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Secondly, our positive outlook leaves us well positioned to increase our share repurchase by $200 million in fiscal '22, as previously mentioned. It's important to note the majority of these additional repurchases are expected to take place in the fourth quarter. And due to the limited impact this will have on the weighted average number of shares outstanding in fiscal 2022, there is not expected to be any real benefit to EPS growth until fiscal '23. So with that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Before closing and turning it over to Q&A, just a few minutes on the longer term, starting with our investment case on Slide 10. And we've maintained a consistent strategy for several years now that's guided how we've evolved our portfolio and developed our capabilities. And as a result, Amcor is better positioned strategically than ever before with a stronger foundation for growth and shareholder value creation. We've managed the portfolio so that we're now the global leader in most of our chosen segments within the primary packaging space for fast-moving consumer goods and health care products. We have absolute and relative scale advantages and a strong track record of performance, and that track record relates to our consistent earnings growth and margin expansion and the significant free cash flow we generate every year. And with a strong balance sheet, we're able to use that cash flow to step up investments for growth including in fiscal '22, where we expect CapEx will be about 15% higher than last year, and we can see that leading to increasing momentum across the business. At the same time, we're also returning a significant amount of cash to shareholders in the form of regular share repurchases and a growing dividend. Now organic growth has always been a key driver of our overall financial performance, and we're actively investing in several areas highlighted on Slide 11 that will continue to drive long-term growth. First, we're strategically focused on the most attractive segments, and this guides how we prioritize investments back into the business. We'll talk more about these segments in a minute. Second, we continue to see tremendous opportunities to invest and extend our competitive advantages in emerging markets. And we already have a leading emerging markets portfolio that generates roughly $3 billion in annual sales and we see no shortage of growth opportunities in these markets, where we expect mid-single-digit growth and good profitability over the long term. Third, innovation in our world-class R& D capabilities remain a clear differentiator for Amcor. Innovation will increasingly contribute to organic growth going forward as we partner with customers to develop more sustainable and high-performance solutions for their specific needs and those of their consumers. Slide 12 takes a closer look at some of those higher growth priority segments. And these attractive segments are expected to represent an increasing percentage of our sales mix and contribute to consistent margin expansion. And Amcor has a leading position in each of these categories, which collectively generate over $4 billion in annual sales today and would share a few common features. First, these are large addressable markets, each well over $1 billion and the growth rates are all higher than the average across broader consumer markets, meaning there's significant room to grow. There are also many opportunities to differentiate across these categories, given the need for higher performance features such as barrier, heat resistance and resealability, which in turn drives higher margins. And in order to fully capitalize on the great potential, we're increasingly allocating capital towards these segments. In health care, we're investing to add capacity and capability in Europe and Asia. In this quarter, we celebrated the opening of a state-of-the-art medical packaging facility in Singapore to service accelerating demand in the Asia Pacific region. We recently began ramping up production on new assets in Coffee segment, and we're adding hot fill capacity in our rigid packaging business in North America, given the sold-out environment and positive growth outlook. Over time, we expect mid-single-digit growth in these segments, which will drive continued sales mix improvement and sustainable margin expansion. Moving to Slide 13. Sustainability is increasingly embedded in everything we do, and we continue to believe this represents our greatest opportunity for growth and differentiation. We also continue to believe responsible packaging is the answer to addressing concerns around packaging waste. And by responsible packaging, we mean the combination of packaging design, waste management infrastructure and consumer participation. Amcor recently commissioned a global survey, which enabled us to hear directly from 12,000 consumers around the world and provided several powerful insights. Among them, recyclability is considered by far the most important environmental attribute of packaging, more important than which material is used or whether the package is reusable. 3/4 of respondents indicated they would like to recycle more and more than 2/3 said they're willing to pay more for a product for the package that's recyclable. Now our package design efforts have always had the consumer front and center, and we're making great progress innovating against those consumer needs. Across our own portfolio, over 95% of our rigid and specialty container packaging -- specialty carton packaging is recyclable today. But our most significant progress over the last two years has been in our Flexible Packaging segment, where multiple materials are often required to deliver the required functionality. Today, 76% of our flexible packaging portfolio has a recycle-ready alternative and this represents substantial progress from 56% just two years ago. An important contributor to this progress has been the launch and commercialization of new product platforms such as AmLite, AmPrima and AmSky. And last week, we announced AmFiber, a new platform of performance paper packaging. These technology platforms will be leveraged across our global footprint, across multiple categories and for multiple customers to provide the more sustainable and high-performing packaging consumers are looking for and to drive growth and margin expansion for Amcor. Responsible packaging is a critical element of our sustainability agenda, but every company's environmental footprint goes beyond the products it makes. And to lead the way and reach our own ambitious goals, we launched Amcor's EnviroAction program in 2008, and since then, we've reduced the environmental impact of our operations by continuously exploring new and more impactful ways to reduce emissions, waste and water at every location. The value created for our customers in the environment through our work on a range of ESG initiatives has been recognized by several independent organizations and Amcor is continuing to demonstrate industry leadership. Last week, we increased our ambitions again by committing to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, with near and long-term targets aligned with the science-based targets initiative. We're excited to step up our ambitions to further reduce the carbon footprint of our products and operations, and to support our customers as they strive to meet their own goals for functional high-performance packaging with the lowest possible environmental impact. And finally, on Slide 15 to summarize, Amcor delivered a solid result through the first half as we continue to perform well through challenging and dynamic operating conditions, and we've confidently reaffirmed our full year guidance. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders and expect to return more than $1.3 billion in fiscal '22 through dividends and share repurchases. And looking over the longer term, we've built a strong foundation for growth and value creation over the last several years. We're investing to capture that growth, and we're building on our sustainability progress as we use science-based targets to define our journey to net zero emissions. And with that, operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. So for my first question, just the comments that you had in your press release about volumes being lower in certain categories like cheese, coffee, frozen food, and then up in health care, I mean, as you kind of step back around, is that just a function of mean diversion relative to pre-COVID levels? And maybe you could just talk about what's actually going on in the end markets, in terms of other like demand as the consumers in different regions such as the U.S. and Europe navigate extremely high inflation relative to the previous baseline in terms of purchasing patterns.
Ron Delia: Yes. Ghansham, first, thanks for the question. Look, I'm not sure it's mean diversion. I think we've sort of been back to the more normal trading patterns now for at least five or six quarters. I think what we're seeing there is a good recovery in health care, which is have been going on now for a couple of quarters in medical and in the second quarter, we started to see better pharmaceutical volumes. So we had high single-digit growth across the businesses in health care. That one is, I'd say, more of a return to normal trading conditions. As far as the food categories go, the only thing that I would point out that's exogenous is some supply shortages we have on key inputs. We're still leaving some money on the table with sales that we can't realize in an order book that we can't completely fulfill, because we've got some materials that are just not as available as we'd like. That's the only thing I could point to. Otherwise, I think what you're seeing in the quarter and at the micro at the segment level is just the ebbs and flows that happen over any 90-day period.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. And then for my second question, there's obviously an enormous amount of beverage can capacity being added in North America, which will start to hit this year in particular. As you sort of look at your rigids business and look at your backlogs, your share of new product introductions that the beverage customers may be introducing, et cetera, how do you see that dynamic kind of playing out for Amcor's rigid business?
Ron Delia: Well, firstly, the demand in that business is super strong. And that's actually -- that's the big driver of the profit shortfall that we've had so far in the first half is that we're just oversold. And in the second quarter, we had volume growth of 6%, which comes on a year-on-year comp, which was quite strong a year ago. So the demand is really, really strong, would be the first point. We're adding capacity, as we've talked about to try to alleviate some of the bottlenecks. I think the second thing is that we've never seen the container, the plastic container really in direct competition with the metal can because we see different distribution channels, you see PET primarily through the cold chain and through convenience stores and more single-serve and you see the can historically through big-box retail and 12 and 24 packs. So we've not really seen competition in things like iced teas or sports drinks, our hot-filled juices. And when we talk to our customers, and we're as busy as ever on new product introductions, they're not really talking about a trade-off between one format or the other. It's more the format that's best aligned to their segment needs and their segment goals. So cans have been growing quite rapidly, the capacity has been added for several years now. It hasn't slowed our volume growth really at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is now open.
Anthony Pettinari: Ron, on rigids, given the supply chain issues and some availability issues that you've seen, would you anticipate getting back to sort of a normal level of profitability? Is that by the end of fiscal 3Q or the end of the fiscal year? I'm just trying to understand what your full year guidance sort of assumes on that front. And as you look back on the first half, understanding maybe you can't do this, but in terms of the total EBIT impact of these disruptions, is there any way to kind of kind of put a finer point around that on the rigid side?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, good question. I mean, first, the first question in terms of the outlook. The business has been improving. Profitability has been improving through the first half, it continues to improve as we go into the third quarter here. What we've said today is that we expect profit growth in the second half versus the second half last year. The pace of that is going to depend on a number of factors. So we're not calling out specific guidance for the third quarter. I do expect as we get towards the back end of this fiscal year, which is sort of May, June period, were the new high season. I'd like to think that we're going to exit this year at a more normal level of profitability. And the reason I say that is there's a number of things that are working in our favor here. Firstly, demand remains strong, and it always starts with that. To Ghansham's question, demand has remained very robust, particularly in the beverage space. So that's the first thing. Secondly, we've been increasing capacity, and we've been adding incremental capacity throughout the last couple of quarters, almost on a monthly basis. So we're going to end up adding around 5% to 10% capacity in the hot fill network. And then thirdly, we're entering the third quarter with inventory and with a reasonable amount of inventory, which is where you would typically expect to be at the start of the third quarter. It's a seasonal business, and you need to enter January, February with inventory. Last year, we didn't have any. And so that led to a bit of a ripple effect that we're still working our way out of. So those are the reasons why we feel pretty optimistic about the second half. And the pace will be determined by just how quickly we can bring capacity on-stream and our availability of inputs. As far as the second question about the drivers of the profit impact. I mean, look, it's really hard to parse them out. There's three things going on there, I would say. One is demand just really outstripping supply at a rapid pace, that's led to inefficiencies in a sold-out environment trying to service every last bottle of demand is, let's say, just inefficiencies in the system. The second thing is we do have inflation, and we're out recovering. You can see the price impacts on the sales line. And then the third thing is just the performance of the business, right? And as managers, you're always trying to isolate how much of it is the performance of the business. We think it's actually been quite good. But it's very hard to piece out the quantitative impact of those three different drivers.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. And then just switching gears on the AmFiber platform. Can you give any more details there in terms of -- is there any sort of incremental CapEx investment, maybe percentage of your volumes that might be fiber-based either now or in the future? And then is this targeting sort of existing customers that are asking for a -- maybe a paper option? Or is it going to cannibalize existing sales? Are you going after totally new customers, new categories? Just any details there.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's rejuvenating categories, which historically have not been at the highest level of priority. So confectionery is an important category in volume terms for us. This is a differentiated product that we're going to start launching in that particular segment that just changes our outlook on the attractiveness of that space and the profitability. Firstly, what is it? It's a paper-based platform that really kind of threads the needle between the issues that pure paper solutions have, which is that there's no barrier or coated paper, which tends to result in much lower fiber recovery and therefore, at times is not recyclable. The AmFiber platform kind of threads the needle between those two extremes. So it's barrier, there will be barrier properties. The product runs on the customer filling lines at generally the same speed. So there's no productivity discount that the customer has to wear. And so we're really excited about it. And we're going to roll it out globally. I wouldn't expect any material change in CapEx specifically related to this platform. But we are investing behind these platforms generally and these growth segments. We've alluded to that several times. So we'll continue to deploy capital against the growth opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jakob Cakarnis with Jarden Australia. Your line is now open.
Jakob Cakarnis: I just wanted to get a better understanding of the working capital build. I know that you mentioned that some of that does relate to some of the price increases that you're seeing across the raw materials. Just wondered how much of it is anticipatory as well just so to avoid some of the supply chain issues that you mentioned that the Company was facing in the second quarter?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Jakob, thanks for the call. I can take that one. It's Michael here. Yes, look, as we outlined in the release, we've seen an outflow of working capital higher than the prior year. And really the key driver of that is raw material, both the raw material inflation and the timing of that flowing through the business. And then in addition to that, in the second quarter, particularly, we were able to take some planned inventory increases, both in the rigid and flexibles business. And Ron alluded to that on the rigid space versus last year, we weren't able to increase inventory at all. Whereas this year on rigids, we are entering the third quarter and have been able to increase the inventory, which is you'll see that flush through the system in the second half. And on the flexible side, yes, we've seen some increases on a cautionary basis, I guess to ensure we've got supply. And that's again going to flow through in the second half, which is why we're confident around the cash flow projection of the business in H2 and for the full year.
Jakob Cakarnis: And then just the second part, maybe one for Ron. At the first quarter, you did mention that you expected the resin supply as it relates to the rigids business to improve into the second half. Is that still the case? Is there anything that you're seeing on the horizon that would bring that resin availability into question?
Ron Delia: No, not anything that threatens the supply. And I would say, we did see a modest improvement through the quarter. That's one of the reasons for more positive outlook in the second half is that resin is generally more available. We're not all the way back to 100% supply, we're still at less than 100% of what we would like to source, but we're in a much better position now than we were three months ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Larry Gandler: I'd like to ask a question or two on sustainability. Ron, it looks like you're very well through your major sustainability goal of 100% recyclability by 2025 with only flexibles now at 75% coverage. Is it trying to start looking towards the next milestone? You've got, I see you put the greenhouse gas emission target out. I am interested in that. So let me just interject with the question on that one is, I think most of your emissions are stage Scope 3. So the question becomes is would you guys invest collaboratively with your supply partners to reduce greenhouse emissions? And are there opportunities for doing that? And then the other area I wanted to ask about was not only GHD, but waste management. How do you articulate and established goals like you've done for recyclability for waste management infrastructure, which is one of your objectives as well?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, let me take the questions in order, Larry. So firstly, on the greenhouse gas emissions, this is the next logical step in our evolution and our journey. We've been on the greenhouse gas reduction path for over 15 years now. Back in 2008, we set our first public targets to reduce greenhouse gas intensity by 60%. And we're well on our way to doing that. That was a 2030 goal. And every few years, we set a new benchmark for each of these -- each of the areas of our EnviroAction program, greenhouse gases, waste and water. And so that's where we're at. We're at a moment in time where it's time to rethink our objectives and also speak in the same language as others. And the science-based targets initiative has helped I think, bring some standardization in a sense to the way companies talk about their greenhouse gas profile. And so we're jumping on board that and with that initiative, and we'll set some near-term targets over the next 24 months as we work with that group to validate and qualify our targets. We'll set and be -- and report out on what those targets are on the pathway to net zero by 2050. As far as the waste management part of the equation, firstly, you're right, we're making fantastic progress on the packaging design aspect of responsible packaging. And we're going to, without question, get to 100% of the portfolio with a recycle-ready option by 2025. We have no doubts about that at all. And the take-up and the interest and demand from customers has never been stronger. That just continues to intensify. Many of them have the exact same goals. The waste management piece of the equation is also one that we can influence, but not alone. And that's where some of the alliances that we're in, some of the work that we're doing with the alliance to End Plastic Waste, some of the work with the Consumer Goods Forum, the Minderoo Foundation, See the Future initiative. It's going to take partnerships. And I think, ultimately, what we want to see is that our packaging is not just designed to be recycled, but it actually is recycled. And we know and when we cited today this consumer research that we've done, that consumers want to recycle more. They would gladly recycle more if the infrastructure was more available. And so we all have a role to play, including government and Amcor and our suppliers and customers to make that happen, but that will not be Amcor alone.
Larry Gandler: Yes, Ron, that's why I focused on those two areas because unlike recyclability, these two things are out of your control and may require investments, much more significant capital investments than the recyclability objective. So your Scope 3 emissions are your biggest part of your emissions, should you guys be paying dividends and buying back shares to the level you are, if the next sort of green -- if the next sort of sustainability objectives are going to be capital intensive and require partnerships that aligns then plastic waste? They talked about $1.5 billion of capital commitments by 2024. Their 2019 accounts, they did $8 million of subsidies. Maybe there's an invoice coming for some $200 million of infrastructure capital that's going to hit your desk, I don't know. But it sounds like you guys may need to put a stake in the ground in terms of the investment levels to reach those other objectives.
Ron Delia: Look, I'm not anticipating that we're going to put real meaningful capital in that part of the value chain. I mean we are investing in pilots, and we're happy to help fund pilots that are proof of concepts, and we're also happy to supply demand in the form of off-take agreements. We've got lots of pilots underway with a number of our suppliers on chemically-recycled material, et cetera. But look, waste management, it's not a narrow exercise, right? So the waste management is a very local activity, and it's usually collecting all sorts of materials, some of which are packaging after it has been used, but only a portion. So I fully agree with the notion that it's going to take a lot of money to get the waste management infrastructure around the world where it needs to be. I'm just not sure that as a converter, it's the best use of our shareholders' capital.
Larry Gandler: Yes, I know. It's definitely a debatable question. But okay, let's just move on to the next one, Ron. Just quickly, acquisitions, we haven't seen much from Amcor since Bemis. I'm just wondering if what you're seeing in terms of deals, is it businesses that don't really align? Or are the prices too high?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. I mean, firstly, we would like to be active. I mean we clearly -- the industry has been acquisitive and a reasonably good track record of generating value out of acquisitions, and we would like to continue to do that. We will continue to do that. We're constantly in the deal flow. If there's a deal in our space that you're reading about, then you can rest assured that we've had a look at it. I think there's a couple of things going on. It's only probably the last nine months or so or six [Technical Difficulty] we've embedded down Bemis. Now remember, that was the largest acquisition the Company had ever done by a factor of three, and we were laser focused on making that a success for the first 2, 2.5 years, which is pretty much just bringing us to the last couple of quarters. I think that's well and truly behind us now, and we certainly have the capacity to take something else on. I think at the same time, we've got asset prices that are quite elevated, and we've got businesses that are particularly difficult to diligence right now. Increasingly, that will dissipate. The complexity that I'm referring to relates to the top line impacts that COVID has had on different businesses. And it's very difficult to assess that. So it's a challenging period. We're going to remain really disciplined, but we'll be active, and we'll get back on the acquisition bandwagon here sometime soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO. Your line is now open.
Mark Wilde: I wondered for the first question. Ron, I just want to confirm kind of where we're at in terms of kind of the recovery in the medical device packaging area. I know Bemis has put a lot of money into a new facility up at Oshkosh, it sounded like with the drop-off in elective surgeries, that business was running kind of well short of capacity. Can you just update us?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's -- medical device packaging is as good a segment as we're participating in. And we've seen a steady improvement over the first half of this fiscal year. I would say that demand is not all the way back, but most of the way there, and the demand is driven by elective procedures, surgeries and the like. Demand has mostly recovered from its lows during the COVID period. There's also some resins that we use in that business, which are going to ensure supply. So that's also held us back a little bit. So we're probably 2/3 to 3/4 of the way back to the baseline that you'd expect in that business. But this is a business that's a high -- very profitable part of the business, a lot of differentiation and innovation and IP. And it's a business that historically has grown, at least at mid-single digit rates. Now in the first half, we've actually seen that. But we also realize there's more to be had there.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then the second one I had is another follow-on around M&A. A long-time entrepreneur in the premium carton market has a new private equity vehicle. So just kind of -- in my mind, there is a question about how you would assess the options around your carton business. It's a smaller piece of Amcor overall. So if somebody was out there looking for kind of premium folding carton assets, you've got them. How would you have us think about how you assess that business?
Ron Delia: Well, the cartons business sits between 7% and 8% of our sales today, but it's an important piece of our offering. And I think even the AmFiber platform today that we've talked about speaks to the importance that we place on having a diversified substrate mix. It's a business that is a highly cash-generative business, and it has a clear leadership position in its market. So it's a pretty important part of the portfolio. I mean that said, we're economic rationalist, but there's no desire to make any kind of big shift in the portfolio at this particular point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
George Staphos: I guess, first of all, I'm not surprised by what you found from your study, Ron, in terms of recyclability being most important for the customer, for the consumer and really translating that into recycling will be key from here. I guess I had an operating question and then kind of a follow on bigger picture question. So in rigids, you had these operating issues and inefficiencies through no fault of your own, have taken away performance from where it otherwise would have been. What options do you have as contracts come up for renewal? What desire do you have or maybe building in additional clauses to your contracts to capture some of those inefficiencies when they're not in your control and you're doing what you can to service a customer? Relatedly, within flexibles, on operations, with the volume accelerating in the quarter versus 1Q and certainly all the pricing action that you're seeing, I would have expected maybe a bit more dollar traction in EBIT in the quarter. That's not a humor there, but if there's a way that you could quantify if inefficiencies in flexible maybe caused just some performance in 2Q, recognizing you're very happy with the performance? If there's a way that you could quantify that, that would be great.
Ron Delia: Yes. I'll take the rigids question and Michael can comment on flexibles and the raw materials impact there. Richard, the contracts are quite robust. Ultimately, we always have to make a choice at the level of demand that we've seen in that business, and you run into this periodically, you're sold out when you're sold out, then the cost to produce the marginal unit are almost infinite, right? And so you end up in this conundrum, even with we would say are pretty water-tight contracts that have served us well over the years and have been quite fair, I think, with the customer as well. You end up in a situation where you probably would make more money if you didn't take the last order. While we're in this for the long haul, and we've got customer relationships that date back decades and we expect to maintain for decades into the future, so you sort of have to wear it a little bit. I would imagine that the customers are also wearing and we know this for a fact, they've got their own disruptions from trying to service their own peak demand. And I'm not sure that there's a contract mechanism to capture the uniqueness of the environment that we've just faced. I think the answer to it is to get out in front in terms of inventory build when you have a seasonal business like we have and to just make sure that we're keeping abreast of the capacity needs and adding capacity on a regular basis, which is what we're doing. Maybe Michael can comment on the flexibles profit impact and profit leverage?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ron. So look, on the flexible space, I mean we closed the half out, EBIT grew 7%, pretty consistent growth over both quarters, some improvement in volume in Q2, as you mentioned. We're still cycling some pretty high raw material costs. And in the half, we've recovered $480 million in the top line, it's about 10%. That said, there was still some price cost lag, which is manageable, but it is still a negative on the business. And as we look forward, we'd expect that, that starts to ease as we head into the second half and should abate somewhat. So really, that's the key difference on the flexible side. We're still seeing really good performance in the priority high-value segments that Ron touched on earlier. And margins overall have held really strong at 12.9%. If you take that top line recovery on the raw material out, margins would have been 130 basis points higher and in fact, 70 basis points ahead of prior year. So overall, we feel pretty good about where the flexibles business is at and particularly that recovery on the raw material and how that looks moving forward.
George Staphos: I appreciate the thoughts, and then a quick one, just in terms of the increasing of the value return. I don't think anyone's complaining, but considering that you only maintained your guidance, and again, you're having a very solid year, it's in line with expectations, what prompted your ability to raise the value return recognizing going to happen at the end of the year? Thanks guys. And good luck the rest of the way.
Michael Casamento: Yes. No, look, we -- as we said, we've got a really, really strong balance sheet right now. I mean, the cash flows are solid and the second half looks pretty strong on that front as well. So we've got flexibility in the system. We've announced $400 million back in August, based on where we sit today. And we can announce a further $200 million, and that's what we've done. We still have flexibility in there. So if the M&A transactions come along, we can do that as well. But the underlying performance of the business is strong and enabled us to announce that further buyback.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly with UBS. Your line is now open.
Nathan Reilly: Ron, just a quick question -- well not a quick question, but it's a question I've asked before over the last couple of years, just around Bemis. I know the focus over the last couple of years has been on the integration of that business and obviously delivering the cost synergies. But now that the heavy lifting is being done on that front, is your focus now able to shift to start realizing some of the potential revenue synergies from that acquisition? And I'm also curious to what extent is that related to potentially the growth that you're targeting in these priority flexible segments?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think the short answer is yes. I mean, I'd like to believe that we've been extracting commercial benefits from day one and different ways of managing mix and managing raw material pass-through and the way the capabilities that I think Amcor brings to the table, I think, have been accruing benefits over the legacy Bemis portfolio from the beginning. But as far as it relates to growth, YEs. I think no question. The organization is now oriented itself towards generating a bit more growth. We've got a number of tools at our disposal to do that. And I think you're seeing evidence already of things that you could label revenue synergies. If we look at some of these new product platforms that we've spoken about, in some respects, those are examples of revenue synergies, the AmLite platform, which is a recyclable pouch for human food or pet food is an example of an innovation that Amcor had developed, which will be leveraged over the legacy Bemis footprint. And on the other -- going the other way, the AmPrima platform, which is, again, recycle-ready, all polyolefin structure is a legacy Bemis platform that we're leveraging around the world on the legacy Amcor footprint. So I think you're seeing examples already. And there's a lot more sort of smaller examples where we supplemented capacity from out of the region, we've ceded some of the health care growth in Asia from some of the legacy Bemis assets that someone asked us about earlier. So I think short answer, Nathan, is yes. The agenda is evolving. But I think we're also seeing some benefits in real time here and probably have been for the last couple of years.
Mark Wilde: Got it. And final question, just on the volume growth, 1% across the group this half, notwithstanding the supply chain constraints and challenges and raw material challenges you've been facing. What sort of volume do you think was that on the table because of those issues?
Ron Delia: I would say another 1% or 2%. I'd say it's the delta between long-term average of low single-digit growth, which is a couple of percentage points and where we were. I think it's pretty -- it's as straightforward as up. This is a business that prioritizes mix, right? So, the mix is the thing that we're constantly trying to optimize. And when you do that, sometimes you don't satisfy a relapsed order. So I'd say it's a couple of percentage points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Kyle White: On M&A, you have integrated Bemis, which was a large transformational acquisition as you mentioned. Would you have the appetite and willingness to complete another large transformational dealer in the near term and maybe increase your resin buying scale, if such a deal were to come to market? Or would you be looking at bolt-on deals or for specific technologies or end markets rather than just scale?
Ron Delia: Well, yes, I would probably say that we would not be doing something just for scale. I'd love to -- and the Company has shown over the years that it's drived and really rallied around big transactions going back, obviously, Bemis, the Alcan transaction we did about 10 years ago. These have been company-defining transactions that have really seen us get to new levels. So we'd love to be able to fund something like that. But the target set is what it is, and it's the competition that we're dealing with in the market every day, and that means most of the deals, like 90-plus percent of the opportunity space out there are going to be what you probably characterize as bolt-ons. So it's going to be strategy first and scale second. We wouldn't do something just to get bigger.
Kyle White: Got it. And then on Latin America, it seems like volumes are up nicely in that region. I guess are you just seeing any impact from maybe the slowdown in the macro economy in Brazil or the rise of COVID cases in that region?
Ron Delia: Well, Latin America is a tale of a couple of different stories for us. In the Rigid segment, we had a fantastic half with double-digit volume growth and really good earnings growth. In the flexible space, we're exposed to some other categories, we're exposed to Home & Personal Care, for example, which had a really strong year one year ago. And so volumes are actually a little bit behind in the flexible space. So it's been a bit mixed. And I think the -- some of the segments in Food and Personal Care have been a little bit more impacted by the macro environment and some of the COVID impacts, whereas the beverage space, we've not had those impacts. So it's a bit mixed. It's still an important region for the Company. It's a business -- a set of business we've been in for a long time, and we're confident in the long-term outlook, but it's a bit mixed at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie. Your line is now open.
John Purtell: Look, just the first one on the flexible side. I appreciate it's only a 90-day period. But there was a slightly less incremental earnings uptick in the second quarter versus the sequential first quarter than what we've seen historically. So it looked like there was a bit of adverse effects in there. But was there a slightly larger -- I know you haven't called it out as a material item, but was there a slightly larger earnings drag from raw mats in the second quarter versus the first? Or anything else to call out there?
Michael Casamento: John, it's Michael. I can take that one. Look, overall, it was a pretty consistent performance quarter-on-quarter. I mean it's a 90-day period. There's some minor puts and takes. In terms of the raw material price costs, that remained pretty consistent as the lag overall is pretty consistent and manageable, as I said earlier. So really, it's a 90-day period. It's been pretty consistent. We've got 7% for the half. We had 8% in the first quarter, 6% EBIT growth in the second quarter. So nothing really to call out on that front.
John Purtell: Okay. And just the second one, just interested in what you're seeing on raw materials. You've made some comments there on supply chain and Rigids improving. But just in terms of raw mats, you're expecting any relief there in the second half. I think U.S. resin prices have come back a bit, but you've also announced that up to 15% price rise effective January.
Michael Casamento: Yes, John. I mean on the raw material side, you're right. It's a little bit mixed across the globe as we exited the second quarter. We did start to see some easing in North America and Latin America on certain input sites, IP, et cetera. But then in Asia and Europe, you're still seeing some increases there. So as we look forward, I'd say it's reasonably balanced and stable as we look ahead, but there's some mix differences across raw material inputs and geographies. So -- but overall, we kind of see things reasonably stable and perhaps coming off slightly in Q4, but we'll see where we go with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano from Seaport Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. So I want to come back a little bit about -- on the fiber packaging that you're investing new. And firstly, if you can talk a little bit about your view on plastics versus fiber, especially because we've seen some being really vocal that plastics are better and can be better from a sustainability standpoint. And generally, you're not -- you mentioned you're not really seeing any substitution or at least in a big scale in favor of paper. So how has your view changed? And are you seeing bigger threats to plastics in some regions?
Ron Delia: No. We see a big opportunity here to -- there's a sweet spot in the fiber-based or paper-based flexible area that we think we have a good solution for. So somewhere between pure paper solutions, which typically have less functionality and no barrier or coated paper, which typically have lower fiber recovery and therefore, at times cannot be might not be recyclable. We think we've come up with a better miles shop that sort of split the difference, so to speak, and provides a paper-based solution for anyone who wants one. And there are certain categories where there are paper solutions out there now. Confectionery would be one of them. And we've got some paper in confectionery have for a long period of time. So this is more of a product-based opportunity that we see than anything else. I mean we continue to believe that plastic-based flexible packaging quite often is the best environmental solution to satisfy all the different criteria that our customers have and consumers have. So, there's no philosophical change other than opportunity to deliver to the market innovation that we think is unique.
Salvator Tiano: Great. So essentially, it's more of an offensive move rather than defensive here?
Ron Delia: Yes.
Salvator Tiano: And the other question again regarding the fiber packaging option. Can you remind us a little bit, excluding obviously folding carton tobacco, which is kind of like a different category? What is your -- what paper converting opportunities -- sorry, businesses do you have in which regions? And how important would be M&A to expand your new innovations in fiber packaging?
Ron Delia: Yes. So in the Flexibles perimeter, not including cartons, we have a big oil-based business, and we have a reasonable business that has got paper in the structure. And that's -- those are both global. So we have paper-based structures in medical packaging. We have paper solutions in protein. We have a platform called SkinNova, which is a combination of a laminate that peels off and a paper-based tray for meat. We have another one called Paperly. So we've always had paper solutions. It's probably -- it's not the largest part of our portfolio, but paper and foil collectively would be probably 20% of our flexibles portfolio.
Salvator Tiano: Great. And just on M&A, would that be important strategy to expand here?
Ron Delia: I'm not sure that M&A is really the answer here. I think that growth in this space largely come from innovations, and I think we've got capability. There's probably good ideas out there that we don't have that we can access maybe in a commercial sense, but I'm not sure that we'd be thinking about any sort of material M& A against this trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. A lot of ground has been covered this evening. So I'll discuss just one question on the demand side. And earlier speak to what you're hearing from your package food and CPG customers around demand elasticity, given all the inflation that they're absorbing and that's getting passed on to the consumer. Are you seeing any signs that that the consumer can't take anymore in terms of price increases and you're seeing that impact specific categories or shifts into value or things that would have an impact on your volumes and your mix as you look out over the course of calendar '22?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question. I think it's on everyone's mind. Firstly, I would contextualize it by just reminding you that for -- in almost every category that we're participating in, the package is a very small part of the overall cost of goods that our brand-owner customers or our health care customers are bringing to market. So it's not the most material driver of their income statement January...
Adam Samuelson: And Ron, I was -- just to speak here, I'm not trying to imply that it's your price increases that are driving and I think it's broader inflation economy broadly.
Ron Delia: Yes. So no, I get that. I just wanted to make sure I make that contextual point. But that said, look, no, from the conversations we've had with customers, and I think also their public commentary through this earnings season and probably even the last one, they're not seeing the elasticity that they may have historically had modeled and anticipated. At this point in time, price increases seem to be going through across the categories that we're exposed to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau with MST Marquee. Your line is now open.
Keith Chau: First question, Ron, just following up on John's question earlier on price cost and completing that discussion point. So price cost was upside down in the quarter, and raw materials have now flattened off. You've got price increases in the mix now. Do you expect price cost to come out neutral in the third quarter and potentially right side up in the fourth quarter? Can you give us a bit more clarity on that?
Michael Casamento: Yes, I can take that one. Keith, it's Michael here. Yes. Look, as we said, the first half, the price cost lag was unfavorable but manageable. As we said earlier, the raw materials appear as though on balance, they're starting to stabilize as we head into Q3. And we also see that the price cost lag should ease as we head into Q3 and perhaps get closer to neutral. And then as we look forward into Q4, let's see what happens with the raw material pricing. But at this stage, if raw materials do ease as the industry forecast would suggest then, perhaps that's a slight positive recovery in the fourth quarter, but let's wait and see what happens on that front.
Keith Chau: So just to be clear, you're not expecting the price cost issue to get worse as the year progresses? It should be a lag on the second…
George Staphos: Correct.
Keith Chau: Okay. Excellent. And then just secondly, on cash flow, I know we've talked a lot about working capital unwinding. But the quantum of cash flow into the second half of the year is our target. I think in the last couple of years, it's been around 75% of target that you need to deliver in the second half. So will it purely just be the factors that you've called out, working capital unwind and slight improvement on capacity to generate more cash flows that will drive that outcome? Or are there any other factors that we should be considering outside of that?
Michael Casamento: You pretty well commented, Keith. I think as you know, the cash flow is definitely seasonally weighted to the second half of the year and particularly Q4. And in the first half of this year versus last year, we did see some unfavorable impacts, particularly in working capital and inventory. We're expecting [Technical Difficulty] half and with the higher earnings, they are the two key elements that that will see us deliver within that range, and we feel pretty confident around that just based on past experience. If you look at the second half, last year's cash flow and then you take into account some of the unfavorable working capital impacts we had in the first half and then reversing then, it seems a pretty consistent view in terms of the second half delivery on the cash flow. So we feel pretty confident around that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Ryall with Rimor Equity Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Ryall: So I just have a question on Slide 10. Could you give us an update -- the update is really helpful there that you've given us. Could you give us an update around your targets or using recycled material in your packaging, please? Just where you're up to on that?
Ron Delia: Yes. So we have a target now to 10% of what we use to make packaging be recycled content by 2025. And we're making great progress. So predominantly, the predominant use of recycled content at the moment is in our Rigid Packaging business. And we've gone from 5% in that business in 2019 to over 10% last year. This year, we'll be well over 15%. And in terms of actual tons or pounds of material, that number is doubling just about every 18 months. So we're making really good progress. And then in parallel, we're pretty excited about some of the applications in flexibles as well as some of the projects that we're working on, on chemical recycling to get that number up even further.
Scott Ryall: Okay. And are you seeing any difference in the pricing of recycled materials? I know you've... .
Ron Delia: Absolutely. Yes, listen. The pricing...
Scott Ryall: But can you comment about the pricing of raw materials versus virgin?
Ron Delia: Yes. Absolutely. Look, they're at a premium in rigid packaging, which is the primary user of recycled PET in our business. The premium now for recycled PET is between 40% and 50%. That number ebbs and flows, but it's as much demand driven right now as it is supply and cost driven.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Richard Johnson: Ron, just a couple of quick questions on back on rigid plastics. To what extent do you think that the business is in a strategic disadvantage and that may explain some of the profit impact that we're seeing at the moment? And what I mean is that your principal competitors have a far greater on-site presence than you do. And I was just kind of wondering whether that's having an impact?
Ron Delia: Well, thanks, Richard. I mean, I think no one in this space is having an easy time of it. And you can see that yourself from the results that others have published. So I don't think we're in any kind of a disadvantage. I think we have some quite sizable on-site installations in the beverage side of the business, which is really where it matters the most. And then, we have scale from a network perspective and from a procurement perspective. So, I don't think the business is disadvantaged. I think it's just a combination of factors at the moment, starting with demand, which is a good problem to have, which have just conspired to lead to a rough profit outcome for a couple of quarters.
Richard Johnson: Okay. So sort of following on from that, when you think about it strategically, given that pretty much everybody else in that space has moved to an on-site strategy, how do you think about your long term -- the long-term prospects of that business given that you've gone in the other direction?
Ron Delia: I don't think we've gone in the other direction. I would say, over time, a lot of the capital that's been deployed in the Beverage segment of that business has been for on-site installations. But it's not necessarily a panacea. There are times when it makes sense to go on site and in times when it makes sense for everybody, including the customer, to supply from a different location. I wouldn't say that there's -- it's necessarily the one answer or one size fits all for everybody. So I think over time, our network has been more on-site than off-site in terms of our capital deployment, but I don't think that we have any kind of a disadvantage as a result of our footprint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with Barrenjoey. Your line is now open.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: I'd just like to highlight on Slide 13, just the runway that needs to -- I guess, the portfolio on Flexibles that needs to be designed between now and 2025. Are you able to provide some of the large segments that the quarter roughly of that portfolio is remaining to be redesigned? That will be the first question. And then also, what does profitability look like for that 25% out of the business now compared to the proportion of the portfolio that's already been redesigned for fully recyclable?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's -- the structures that still are to be redesigned or some of the more sophisticated structures out there. I mean you wouldn't be surprised to hear me say that. And quite often, they are ones where we have something very different in the market and some sort of a competitive advantage. And that means that the science and the research required is just going to be more difficult and take some more time. There are segments in the certain medical segments or the health care segments, I should say, some of the protein structures, we're still working on alternatives for those would be something that come to mind, Brook. But generally speaking, what's left is the harder part of the portfolio, but on the other hand, some of the more profitable segments that we're participating in to.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in Amcor. We've had a solid first half and our outlook is for a strong finish as well and a very strong fiscal 2022. So I think with that, we'll close the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-08-17 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And thank you for standing by and welcome to the Amcor 2021 full-year results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for joining in plus the full-year call for Fiscal 2021. Joining the call today is Ronald Delia, Chief Executive Officer, and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer.  At this time, I'll direct you to our website, amcor.com under the investor's section, where you will find our press release and presentation which will be discussed on the call today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and presentation on our website. Also, a reminder that the call today includes some forward-looking statements, which remain subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  Please refer to Amcor's SEC filings, including statements on Form 10-K and 10-Q to review factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we're discussing today. During the question-and-answer session, we request that participants limit their questions to a maximum of two and then rejoin the queue for any follow-up. With that, I will turn it over to Ron.
Ronald Delia: Thanks Tracey and thanks to everyone for joining us to discuss Amcor's Fiscal 2021 full-year results. Joining me today, as Christine mentioned as Michael Casamento, Amcor's Chief Financial Officer. We'll begin with some prepared remarks and then we'll open the line for Q&A. We start every meeting at Amcor with safety, we'll begin there on Slide 3.  Safety is the first and most important of our values and Amcor has been on a long-term journey towards our goal of no injuries. Our safety performance has shown continual improvement, including in the last 12 months where our performance has been a real highlight. Across Amcor, we reduced the number of injuries by almost 25% compared to last year. All of our businesses reported fewer injuries and over half of our sites have remained injury-free for at least 12 months.  And through a year where the pandemic continued to present operational challenges in many countries, our focus on safety was unwavering, and we're incredibly grateful that our people continue to be engaged and focused on staying healthy as well as safe. We're proud of our safety performance, which we believe is the best in our industry and the progress we've made over a number of years but we're also convinced that our objective of no injuries is absolutely possible, and we continue striving towards that goal.  We have 4 key messages today, which are set out on Slide 4. First, FY '21 was an outstanding year for Amcor on multiple dimensions. The operating environment remains highly dynamic, but our teams stayed fully focused on the key business drivers within our control, remained agile as conditions changed, and demonstrated exceptional execution and consistency all year.  Financial results exceeded our expectations as the year progressed. We ended the year with momentum and we expect another strong year in fiscal '22, which is the second key message. The third, our recent performance in many ways is a result of the financial and strategic benefits from our 2019 acquisition of Bemis. 2 years on immigration is now essentially complete. The financial benefits are ahead of our expectations and strategically we're better positioned than ever, with a stronger foundation for growth into the future.  And lastly, we're capitalizing on that strong base by investing in the number of organic growth initiatives, which will maintain our momentum beyond fiscal '22, and for the long term. Turning now to the financial highlights on slide 5, FY '21 was an exceptional year financially for Amcor with record earnings, exceptional margin management, despite steep raw material cost increases and supply constraints, and momentum building through the year.  Organic sales growth was 2% and we exited the year in Q4 with sales 3% higher than the prior year. EBITDA growth was 8% with the flexibles and rigid packaging segments, both delivering strong results, growing in several higher-value end markets, and contributing to margin expansion. In Fiscal '21, Amcor's EBITDA margins increased 60 Basis points to reach 12.6% for the year, which is a new high, and an exceptional achievement in an environment where raw material price increases in supply disruptions continue to require an intense focus on securing the availability, as well as managing price recovery.  We estimate Bemis acquisition synergies were around $75 million. And as we close out the final integration activities, we expect to exceed the original synergy target by at least 10%. EPS increased 16% for the year and with the head of guidance, which we're able to continuously increase through the year. And free cash flow of $1.1 billion was at the top of our expected range. Return on capital or return on average funds employed finished well above 15% at a time when our cost of capital is at an all-time low. And through the year, we returned $1.1 billion of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and higher dividends.  The key message here is that the fundamentals of our business continue to strengthen, our teams around the world have demonstrated [Indiscernible] focus on executing against our strategy, and as a result, we've delivered another year of outstanding financial performance with momentum continuing to build as we begin fiscal '22. I'll turn it over now to Michael to provide some more detail on the financial results, and I'll finish up with some comments on growth and sustainability.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. Good morning -- good evening, everyone. I'll start with a flexible segment on Slide 6, which performed very well delivering record sales, EBIT, and EBITDA margins for the year. Sales include recovery of higher raw material costs.  And as Ron mentioned earlier, these have continued to move high during the quarter. Across the business, our response to being proactive and we have implemented price increases quickly. As a result, in the June quarter, net sales increased by more than 100 million, with the annual recovery run right reaching more than 500 million as we [Indiscernible] the year.  From an earnings perspective and consistent with last quarter, the price cost impact has remained manageable given the diversity of materials we buy and the multiple regions in which we consume those materials. This is clearly evident in our margin performance, which continued expanding in Q4 and through the year.  From the volume perspective, demand in many of our key high-value end markets has remained consistently strong, including mate, coffee, and pet food. However, this is being offset by double-digit declines in North American medical volumes and European pharmaceutical volumes, driven by pure elective surgeries and lower prescription trends. From a geographic perspective, volume growth has been relatively broad-based with good overall performance in emerging markets. And more volumes in North America were higher than the prior year.  Along with Europe, this is where large parts of our healthcare business are located and growth in these regions is inclusive of our headwinds. Adjusted EBITDA is growing 9% in constant currency terms, mainly reflecting volume Growth, Exceptional margin management with expansion delivered every quarter, and around 65 million of cost synergy benefits related to the Bemis acquisition. Turning to rigid packaging on slide 7. In summary, the business has continued to deliver outstanding results driven by increasing consumer demand in both North and Latin America.  Sales growth included a 5% increase in volume, as well as a 3% price-mix benefit, including higher pricing to recover the cost inflation in Latin America. In North America, annual beverage volumes were 8% higher than last year and hot-fill container volumes were up 13%. Driven by rising consumer demand through the year, which resulted in capacity shortages and historically low inventory levels across the industry.  The volume was particularly strong in hot-fill categories, including sports drinks, ready-to-drink tea, and juice. Year-to-date, specialty container volumes were higher than the prior period, with grossing categories including spirits on the personal care and this was partly offset by lower volumes in the healthcare segment. Volumes in Latin America were 5% higher than last year with first delivered in Brazil and Argentina in particular. EBIT growth of 8% reflects higher volumes and a favorable mix across the business and this was partly offset by higher labor and transportation costs in North America.  These high costs of being a direct result of capacity shortages and lower Inventory throughout our network introduced supply chain inefficiencies in the short-term ahead of installing additional capacity. rigid containers continue to be one of the world's preferred packaging formats into their recyclable, resealable, and hygienic and have the lowest carbon footprint.  As you will see on the slide, this preference continues to be reflected over time with format share and a healthy growing market remain inconsistent. Demand for recycled content is also rising rapidly and our use of recycled resin has doubled over the last two years.  Looking forward, we expect this trend to accelerate further and are working with customers on a very active pipeline of new product launches, incorporating higher levels of recycled materials. Moving to Slide 8, adjusted free cash flow of 1.1 billion was at the upper end of our expected range for the year, and we finished the year strongly. Compared with last year free cash flow benefited from the higher flow-through of higher earnings.  And this was offset by 100 million adverse impacts from the timing of U.S. cash tax payments and allowing the working capital benefit. Working Capital has been an area we have been particularly focused on through the Bemis integration and is a real highlight. In total since 2019, approximately 250 million of working capital is being released. And this has been a source of funds to cover synergy-related cash costs.  Capital expenditure increased in the current year as we have stepped up our organic investments in the high-growth segments and geographies. Looking ahead, we have a broad range of attractive investment opportunities and expect to increase the CapEx platform by the 10% to 15% in fiscal '22. Our financial profile is solid with leverage of 2.7 times on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis and is right in line with our expectations.  With strong annual cash flow and a strong balance sheet, the business has significant capacity and flexibility to invest in organic growth, execute M&A, as well as return a substantial amount of cash to Shareholders. In Fiscal '21, total cash returns to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases reached an impressive 1.1 billion. Turning to slide 9 in our outlook for the 2022 Fiscal year, we expect comparable constant currency EPS growth of 7% to 11% for the full year.  This excludes the effect of despising businesses which impact comparability, and an unfavorable current -- currency impact of approximately 1 cent per share, assuming current exchange rates prevail for the remainder of the year. So, on a reported basis, this results in an EPS guidance range of approximately 79 cents to 81cents per share. Free cash flow is expected to be 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion, up to 10% higher than fiscal 2021 EBITDA as we added accelerating capital investments to support organic growth.  Growing cash flow enables us to continue planning, and compelling, and growing dividends, and allocate cash to share purchases, which we expect will be around 400 million in fiscal '22, while retaining the flexibility and funding acquisitive growth when needed. So, with that, I'll hand it back to Ron.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Michael. I'll start with a few points to recap the Bemis acquisition on slide 10. The all-stock acquisition of Bemis was completed in June 2019 and was the largest in Amcor's history. So, two years in now, our integration efforts are essentially complete and the outcomes are clearly exceeding our original expectations.  Firstly, from a financial perspective, the transaction unlocked substantial value through the realization of cost and cash flow synergies, which have materially strengthened Amcor's financial profile. More specifically, based on our Fiscal '22 expectations over the 3-year period post-closing the acquisition, we will have out-performed the original cost synergy target of $180 million by at least 10%. And as Michael mentioned, the cash released from working capital over the last 2 years funded the cash costs to achieve those synergies.  Margins in our flexible segment will be more than 200 basis points higher than in fiscal 2019. EPS will be at least 35% higher, or at least $0.21 per share. We will have repurchased approximately 25% of the shares issued to fund the acquisition. And the annual cash flow will be close to double Amcor's annual cash flow in the year prior to the acquisition. Strategically, Bemis was a perfect fit for Amcor. It was pure-play coming into what was already the world's largest global flexible packaging business.  And putting these two companies together created the only truly global flexible packaging platform able to serve multinational customers around the world with an even stronger value proposition, especially in the most attractive end markets like healthcare and protein, where our participation has meaningfully increased. Amcor's now the clear Flexible Packaging leader in every major geography, with greater absolute and relative scale advantages.  And we have strengthened our talent and capabilities, particularly in R&D, so we can support large and small customers with the broadest range of innovative and sustainable packaging solutions. Today, as a result of the Bemis acquisition, we're better positioned than ever with a strong foundation for growth looking forward. With that stronger foundation, we have a range of organic growth drivers that we're investing behind, and on Slide 11, we've highlighted a few.  First, an increasing percentage of our sales are coming from the most attractive, higher growth, higher value-add segments, where we have the best opportunities to differentiate, including healthcare and protein packaging and flexibles, and the hot-fill products segment in Richard's. Our Global Health Care business is approaching $2 billion in sales across medical device and pharmaceutical packaging, segments that required unique capabilities that are not easy to replicate.  We're investing to add both capacity and capability with current projects underway in Malaysia and Ireland, to highlight two examples. In protein and meat packaging, we have a great opportunity to leverage our capabilities and high barrier films and our growing business in North America to the benefit of our other businesses around the world. In the hot-fill rigid packaging segment, we have extensive intellectual property and product design capabilities, and we had to partner with customers to help them drive growth through innovation.  Given the sold-out environment we're in and the growth outlook, we're adding capacity across our North America plant network. The second organic Growth driver we're highlighting today is our leading emerging markets portfolio with over $3 million in annual sales and a long history of profitable growth.  Again, we're investing behind the emerging market opportunity, including in the new greenfield plant in China that we highlighted on our last call. And third, innovation and new product development will increasingly contribute to organic growth going forward. We've been investing in this area as well to extend our global innovation center network into Europe and China, through the recently announced partnership with Michigan State University School of packaging.  And with our entry into the corporate venturing space earlier this year. And finally, the number 1 organic growth driver for Amcor going forward, which cuts across the other 3, and really everything else we do will be the increasing need for more sustainable packaging. And we know there will always be a role for packaging for essential food and health care products.  And so, the ability to provide that packaging so that it meets all consumer needs and is more sustainable creates unique opportunities for growth. Slide 12 highlights sustainability a bit more, and as we take stock at the end of one financial year and start a new one, we are particularly pleased with the progress we are making to accelerate responsible packaging through advances in package design, waste management infrastructure, and consumer participation.  Examples of recent progress on package design demonstrate the breadth of our product range across substrates with packaging that uses less material overall and more recycled content, eliminates problematic materials, and has a better end of life profile. In terms of materials, our use of recycled resin in rigid packaging has almost doubled over the last few years, and we expect to almost double again over the next 12 to 18 months. We've also announced our new AmSky platform, which eliminates PVC and has the potential to transform the sustainability profile of health care packaging in particular.  To improve end-of-life outcomes, we've commercialized several new recycle-ready product platforms, including the polymer-based AmLite and AmPrima, and the paper-based Matrix product ranges, and we've entered into a new partnership to extend our offering of compostable solutions. Demand is growing for these new products and we'll be scaling up to capture the growth opportunity.  Making progress on weeks managing infrastructure and consumer participation will be equally important and both require close collaboration with others across the value chain. We stepped up that collaboration over the past year through our partnership network where Amcor's increasingly relied upon to shape and established packaging design standards around the world, which commended infrastructure investment and consumer education to help to prepackage out of the environment.  We'll talk more about our sustainability agenda following the publication of our annual sustainability report later this year. Slide 13 is a slide we shared late last year at our Investor briefing, but it remains relevant today. And we believe the Amcor investment case is as strong now as ever, and we set off the reasons why in the slide.  Several of the points have already been made, but in simple terms, we generated significant and growing free cash flow every year. In fiscal '22, that free cash flow will be up to $1.2 billion and that cash flow will comfortably support reinvestment in the business, as well as M&A and regular share repurchases, which in turn drive strong EPS growth. And in addition, we will continue to pay attractive and growing Dividends.  We also believe that momentum matters and momentum has been building in Amcor, which is clear from our recent performance and outlook comments, and the expectations we have for our Fiscal 2022 year. And finally, on Slide 14, a quick recap of our key messages from today, Amcor had an outstanding year in FY '21. We believe momentum is building and we expect another strong year in FY '22.  The Bemis integration is essentially complete and we've summarized the outcomes today which have exceeded our expectations. And finally, we now look forward to capitalizing on a range of organic growth drivers, and we're investing in the business to make that happen. With that Operator, we'll conclude our opening remarks, and we'd like to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time, we would like to remind participants to limit their questions to 2 and to rejoin the queue for any follow-ups. Our first question coming from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good evening. For the 2022 guidance, is there anything that you'd say about the cadence of earnings growth, whether you'd expect that to be more second-half weighted or first half-weighted, given you. have a few moving Prices with cost inflation and some volume comps that are maybe a bit unusual?
Michael Casamento: Again, we've given the full-year guidance that for you in that 7% to 11% typically, our business is weighted 45% first half, 55% second half, we haven't given particular guidance by quarter. But I think that range [Indiscernible] we're expecting to be within that as we because we hit to the year and through the year?
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. And then you obviously have a large global footprint. Is it possible to say how the Delta variant has impacted demand if at all, across the regions that you operate in, and is there anything sort of anticipated in Fiscal '22 guidance from that perspective?
Ronald Delia: Yeah Anthony, first of all, it's all incorporated in our guidance, our outlook on the top-line is our starting point for the outlook in the forecast for the coming year. It's really early to say, I think we would say that consumption and our demand, other than in healthcare, has more or less normalized over the last several months, notwithstanding the pickup in positive test results that are coming from the Delta variant. So, at this stage, we haven't really seen any kind of dislocation resulting from COVID in the near term here.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird, your line is open.
Matthew Krueger: Hi, good evening. This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. I guess -- I just wanted to start out with given several moving pieces, including some unusual volume comps and things like that. Can you outline what your budgeting volume growth by segment and/or by region might look like for fiscal '22? And then just given that we're halfway through August already, can you -- can you talk about how the -- some of those sales in key segments or end markets are trended to kick off the year here?
Michael Casamento: Looked at -- typically we'd expect low-single-digit growth from the top line, I mean, that's what you saw around this year, and if you look at the history that's typically what we see. So, I think if we can give you any more detail now, I think it's the low-single-digit is where we would point to.
Ronald Delia: I think also if you look back over time, we have typically grown kind of mid-to-high single-digits in emerging markets and kind of low-single-digits in developed markets, which is consistent with consumption patterns in those different parts of the world. And then from an end-market perspective, we are pleased with the performance in some of the higher value-added segments. where we're really pushing. typically, protein pet food, coffee, the things where there's more differentiation.  Healthcare would typically be at the top of that list, but obviously, we're in a bit of a blip because of Covid at the moment, but that's how we think about getting to that low single-digit expectation over time on the top-line.
Matthew Krueger: Great. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to shift over to the raw material environment. Can you talk a bit about what type of headwind you experienced from higher raw material costs and potentially raw material shortages during the latest quarter and full-year of 2021, along with how those raw material trends are likely to impact your business as we move into 2022? Any detail on if you had issues procuring materials or if there was any downtime taken because of lack of supply would be helpful as well?
Michael Casamento: Yes, all right. I'll take the financial [Indiscernible] to be alike, the first thing is, as you know, in standard industry, we pass through raw material pricing to customers on a contractual basis so it's a timing issue more than anything on that front. The other point about Amcor, obviously we have a broad and diverse range of raw materials and consumption around the globe so you've got to take that into account.  As you look at our number through the year. And then, of course, we built capabilities of the -- many years of getting that raw material pass-through. So, from where we sit today, we're really pleased with how we dealt with some of the spikes in '21.  As we've said in the remarks, we have covered over 100 million in flexibles in Q4 alone and exited the year on an annualized basis that was about 500 million in those prices and more to come. The price lag costs as manageable as it was in Q3. And so, we haven't called that out specifically. And really the evidence around that is through our margins. So, you can see that our margins continued to expand in Q4 and in fact expanding in every quarter throughout the year.
Michael Casamento: So, when we put all that together, we're really pleased with the way we've gotten to on that front. And our teams are really, really, we build capability in that space to make sure that we get that pass through efficiently. And then on the.
Ronald Delia: As far as the outlook in terms of the commodities - I mean, as Michael said, we are pretty diversified, so it's always a little bit of a mixed bag, but generally speaking, we see things moderating and possibly the increases abating over the next quarter or 2.  As you pointed out, Matt, the supply availability, availability of certain materials is probably the bigger issue potentially. At the moment we have not taken any downtime to answer your question specifically, but there are certain materials, particularly some of the specialty grades that are in short supply and that are on allocation.  And that didn't quite disruptive and it consumes a lot of management time just to ensure that we are getting access. And I think we've done a good job of that by virtue of the scale and relationships we have in the breadth of the supply base we have, but that isn't big an issue as the price inflation.
Matthew Krueger: Great, that's helpful. That's it for me. Thanks.
Ronald Delia: Okay.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Salvator Tiano with Seaport Research, your line is open.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Hi, Ron, Michael, thanks for taking my questions. So, the first thing I wanted to understand all VPs, as we think about that 7 to 9% to EPS growth for next year: what are the key drivers of that besides the buybacks and the synergies? How should we think about it by segment and if it's more price cost recovery - driven or volume-driven? Things like that.
Michael Casamento: Sorry, I can start. Salvator -- I mean, if you think about the growth descent until 11%, you're going to see around mid-single-digit from an organic standpoint as the first point. And then you've still got some benefits from the buyback to come through as always, more organic. So, there's probably 1-2% there that's going to come through. And then obviously we've got some synergies left to go, which will be low single-digit.  So that kind of explains to you the make-up of the guidance and obviously to get to the upper end we'd see some better revenue in the topline, perhaps a stronger recovery in healthcare. And that's the opposite in terms of the long end of the range, maybe some further raw material headwinds could drive the lower end of our range, but that's really the make-up of the components in that guidance.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, great. And then I'm not sure if I missed it but do you have any outlook with regard to some other items, components of your EPS or free cash flow guidance, like interest expense, CPS, working capital expectations, and also cash boasted that you exclude from your adjusted free cash flow guidance?
Michael Casamento: So yes. We've said the adjusted cash flow is going to be 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion. Again, a range there, which -- depending on the earnings, we hope that Working Capital potentially could move around depending on Headwinds to raw materials, but that's the key items there. We haven't called out specifically interest in tax.  I think you can expect that they'd be similar to where we are this year if there was something unusual to call out there, we'd call it out for you. Obviously, we're going to have higher earnings so the tax absolute will be higher, but otherwise, within that range. And then we're looking to invest more in the CapEx front, as I spoke to in my notes. And that's really to support organic growth into the future in several opportunities that we've got on hand today.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Kyle White here with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kyle White: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Wanted to focus on rigid packaging for my first question. Hot-fill volumes continue to see nice growth here. Can you provide a bit more details on what exactly is driving this? Is it still at home consumption with some of the large multipacks growing or is it really just being driven by the new product introductions and innovation that you're seeing on the net market?
Ronald Delia: It's a good question because it's across the category. So hot-fill containers are typically used in ready-to-drink teas or certain premium segments of the juice market, and of course, isotonic or tranks (ph.). And those categories collectively are growing pretty rapidly and most of the participants and brand owners in those categories are enjoying that growth and it pretty much is a combination of the drivers you mentioned Kyle is I think, increased distribution and availability and multi-pack formats.  There is probably a bit more at-home consumption, but there are also a lot of new product launches and a lot of rejuvenation of legacy brands and also just extensions or introductions of new ones. So, there's a lot happening in that space. A lot is oriented towards healthier and better for you type line extensions or new products. And so, there's just a lot of activity there, and that's a segment where there really is only one packaging format.  I mean, it's a PG set of segments that's -- resale ability, lightweight, on-the-go consumption, it all kind of fits together with the value proposition of the plastic container. So, it's all coming together. The volume growth has been strong, we've seen strong volume growth in the past. We sort of expect at some point to get back towards mid-single-digits, but for now, the industry is enjoying strong growth and essentially a sold-out environment.
Kyle White: Got it. That's helpful. And then on flexibles and healthcare packaging is just given to higher value, product for you or mix for you. What's the update there? Are you seeing a recovery in that end market or has it been dulled now, recently would come to uptake COVID cases with the tops inflation rates that we're seeing?
Ronald Delia: I think it seems to have stabilized a bit. I'm not sure we're ready to call it to say that it's turned the corner, but these are segments and the predominant subsegments would be medical device packaging and pharma packaging.  And we're more weighted towards pharmaceuticals in Europe and a little bit more weighted towards medical in North America. And these segments would be growing typically at mid-single-digits and have for several decades. And they offer great differentiation and therefore good margins.  I'm not sure we're ready to say that we've turned the corner, we see evidence that things may be stabilizing a bit, notwithstanding the recent spiking cases, I'm not sure hospitalizations have followed suit. So, I think -- we would hope that as we work our way through the fiscal year, that's an area that builds momentum through the four quarters of FY '22.
Kyle White: Got it. Appreciate the details and good luck in the next fiscal year.
Ronald Delia: Thanks.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Andrew Scott with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Andrew Scott: Thank you. Ron just wanted to sort of step back and ask a bigger picture question. Is it -- great job offsetting raw materials in these periods? Just want to sort of understanding how you say that ability's been changed with the Bemis acquisition, obviously my view -- if you like the thousand-pound gorilla brought that scaling and purchasing. Has that fundamentally changed your ability to manage your recent input and other input of costs?
Ronald Delia: It's an interesting question, I -- there's a couple of things that have changed. What Bemis would have brought is just greater diversification in the buy. So, we got bigger, obviously, but -- and that helps. The relationships we have with the big suppliers are not unlike the relationships we have with big multinational customers. It definitely matters to be big on a global basis. And there's a lot of discussion about these regional markets or global markets, I think ultimately, we have some big global relationships and it's helpful.  So, Bemis brought to scale, it brought further diversification in the spend, and that's -- I'm sure it helped. But I think the other thing Andrew, and you've covered us for a long time, I think the experience curve, we continue to go down and we've kind of learned over the years and I've been around long enough to been through probably 3 of these peaks in the last 10 years.  And I think with every cyclical peak, like the one we've been going through, we get better and better in terms of the internal processes and capabilities to, first of all, measure what's happening and then take action and mitigate it. So, it's probably a combination of BMS and maybe just getting further down the experience curve that's kind of help us through this cycle.
Andrew Scott: Understood. And I have told you for a while and I know this is a question that you probably too often, but to what extent should we view the comments around the buyback as a reflection on maybe a lack of attractive opportunities in the acquisition market of demand?
Ronald Delia: Look, I don't think you should see it as an either/or. I think what you're seeing with this result -- we've been talking about the cash fix business, but that's for a long time, and this is going into our fiscal year with a line of sight to excess cash flow, even after continuing to fund the dividend and continue and actually fund more CapEx. As Michael pointed to, CapEx will pick up again in FY '22.  Even after those two allocations of cash, the business will generate a substantial amount left over. And we go into the year with an expectation that we will have to lease, buy back shares. And if there is an acquisition that popped up, we will not hesitate for a second to either suspend the buyback or to find the funding, which we would comfortably be able to do. So, it's, I think it's an And Andrew, it's not an Oar.
Andrew Scott: Very helpful. Thank you.
Ronald Delia: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Good evening or good morning, everyone. I may be following up on that last question and your response, Ron. Just thinking on the M&A front, if you think about the kind of growth potential beyond Fiscal '22, obviously there are some more Bemis synergies that you're capturing and annualizing as you roll into your Fiscal '22 outlook.  The size and scale of that being this opportunity was fairly unique and probably not going to be easy to replicate. And so, I'm just trying to think about the ability or the confidence that you have to drive the inorganic growth, and especially not just to buy the businesses, but to extract value from them at scale moving forward where it might be harder to find businesses of Bemis resized moving forward?
Ronald Delia: Look, it's a really good question at this point in time because we were absolutely resolute and focused on making the Bemis deal a success. And we know there's a little bit to do, but it's essentially complete, which is why we provided a bit of a wrap-up today.  You're right, from a pure-play perspective, there's not another $6 billion to $7 billion deal out there that's -- that's obvious and we don't feel compelled to move outside of our product segment mix because we just think there's ample growth in the segments that we're in. So, if we constrained things or put the boundaries around the opportunities, that does not limit us in any way. I mean, generally speaking, if you go back over the last 10 years or so, the Company has been pretty acquisitive. We are probably up to around 30 deals.  We've had a good track record of bringing synergies out on the cost side, in particular, getting some product benefits as well so we'll continue to do that. I think there's no shortage of medium-size deals in the packaging space, as you can see every week there's another deal announced. And the good thing about being acquisitive and being big is that we're in the deal flow so almost never a deal was happening that is at least not put in front of us, and we at least get the option to take a look or not.  And that will be part of the formula going forward. So, the $400 million that we're allocating this year to buybacks, we have an equal amount each year that we'd be thinking about deploying in an ongoing sense for bolt-on (ph.) M&A. And then obviously if something better comes up then we would love to have a crack at that too.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then maybe just following on the discussion on growth investments. Can you give me a little color on some of the capacity adds within the growth CapEx? I think I heard a $500 million number referenced earlier, so 100 million, 150 million or so of growth capital, just where that's being directed and more broadly, is meeting with some of the responsible packaging’s invest, think the opportunity to pursue, if those might be greater uses of capital moving forward.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, we are going to be stepping up. Will be about 4% of sales, which we think is a reasonable number to expect us to deploy each year. We did a little bit lower than that, because we have been focused on integrating Bemis and obviously, but will be at about 4% which means another bit of a step-up next year, which is incorporated into the free cash flow guidance that Michael described.
Ronald Delia: Look, anecdotally some of the places that we're deploying cash, I highlighted a few. We're putting some capacity in the hospital space in North America. Great use of Capital, particularly when it's on-site, co-located within customer premises. Those are as good as it gets, in terms of organic investments.  We're investing in the medical space -- medical device packaging in Malaysia and in Ireland. We've got some capacity we're going to put in Malaysia for a certain product category that we typically export out of North America or Europe and we're going to localize that, which opens up just a whole other set of growth options for us.  And in Ireland, we're going to get into a product line and in medicine that we hadn't been in before. And then from our sustainability perspective, we made a number of announcements over the last 6 to 12 months in new products. So, we've talked about. a couple of platforms like AmLite, which is recyclable, or ready to be recycled retort pouch, which is unique and the demand has just been outstanding.  The product is sold out before it's even, barely getting been launched and so we're going to add capacity in Europe for that. So those are just some examples, but that all fits within that roughly 4% of sales number that's embedded in our free cash flow guidance.
Adam Samuelson: All right. I appreciate the call; I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of George Staphos. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi, guys, congratulations on the end of the year and I appreciate the rundown and the presentation today. Ron, I want to segue off that last question and maybe go to Slide 12. If we can -- if you could, for us, quantify or categorize the packages like AmLite likes the PVC film, free films, how much revenue do you think you're doing right now in terms of the responsible packaging product suite that you're offering your customers right now? And what do you think that's drawing at? If you could put any numbers around that.  And relatedly, is this scenario that could get -- I mean, the answer will be yes obviously, but where you really think there is an opportunity for acquisitions to improve your performance here, you really don't need acquisitions, you've got the best technology in the market so a couple of questions to start?
Ronald Delia: Yeah, let me answer the second part first. We do believe we have the best technology in the marketplace. We also are humble enough to realize we don't have all the good ideas out there. And so, if there is an acquisition that would add to our product portfolio, we would absolutely do it. And it's one of the reasons why we're going to be much more active in the corporate venturing space.  It's another -- it's also one of the drivers of the investment with Michigan State. So, we're going to do much more in terms of external sourcing of, let's call it good ideas and innovation to supplement what we do believe is industry-leading R&D. So, I'd say watch this space. As far as the sales into we might describe it as more sustainable packaging, if we think about it through the lines of what's recyclable, or just take that lens, we're not for a second suggesting that that's the only answer here, but that tends to be the most readily available end-of-life solution.  We've got three broad segments, two of which are fully recyclable. So pretty much everything that we produce and sell on rigid packaging is recyclable. Everything we make in the carton segment is recyclable. That leaves the flexible segment. And in that space, right now of the sales in the flexible packaging segment, about 60-odd% of what we're selling today is considered designed to be recycled.  There's probably another 75% of our sales that could be. So, there's 10% to 15% that could convert, it would just require customers to adopt a different structure. And then you have additional platforms like AmLite, AmLite Matrix, and like AmPrima, which helped move those numbers up in steps. None of them are going to move that needle on those metrics in a material way, in a given year.  But over time, the percentage of our flexibles that are recyclable will start to increase as those products get to take up. I'll stop there, but we are also acknowledging that's not the end of the story. We've got to have the waste management infrastructure and the consumer has to participate as well too but as far as the package design, that's about where we're at.
George Staphos: Okay. Ron, I appreciate that. And then coming back to the fourth quarter, and I recognize obviously Amcor likes to focus on the year-to-date results and the year results and you had a good performance. It looked like in flexibles, there was a deceleration, naturally a decline calling in the low single-digit range in flexibles.  Was that just purely healthcare and the continued weak end markets for you this year? Did anything else slow down for you at the end of the year as we're getting and going into Fiscal '22? Thanks, and good luck in the Quarter.
Ronald Delia: Yeah, thanks, George. I mean, that's basically it's the same story that we have in flexibles all year, it's healthcare. Healthcare is a sizable business if you just think about it as in between $1.5 billion and $2 billion in sales if within that flexible's portfolio, or when you think about the big North America Medical business and European pharmaceutical business being down double-digits. That took a couple of percentage points off of what you would expect from a growth perspective, right? They should be growing mid-single-digits and they were down double-digits. So that takes a meaningful fight out of the overall segment growth.
George Staphos: Thank you, Ron.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, George.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Richard Johnson: Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody. Ron, our first question I just wanted to ask about organic growth in the Flexibles division. If I look at this over the last two years and absolute dollar change, all the growth comes from cost or efficiency lines. In fact, the mix of volume and price is negative. So that's obviously very impressive. So really my question is, how sustainable is that?
Richard Johnson: How can you continue to drive organic growth simply through cost-outs or other efficiencies, and should we be worried about the fact that the mix of volume and price continues to be negative?
Ronald Delia: Look, I mean, Richard, you followed the Company for a long time. The top-line sales are growing kind of low single-digits, actually about 2% for a long period of time. Flexibles would normally be in that space. I think the last couple of years is a tougher read-through if you're talking about the long-term trajectory of the business.  And that being said with that level of growth, we've been expanding margins for over a decade. And the flexibles margins now being up over 14% from where they were 10 years ago or so, probably 6 or 7, I think gives us some comfort that at that level of relatively modest top-line growth, which mirrors the end-markets that we supply. We're continuing to grow profit and expand margins.
Richard Johnson: Okay, thank you. And then secondly, could you just run through the performance of the carton business in '21 and particularly by region? I'm interested to know; get an understanding of what volumes you're doing. Thanks.
Ronald Delia: Yeah, with the carton business which is about 8% or 9% of sales, had a very good year. The business had a good year on profit. The profit was up. Great job managing costs. And actually, the volume performance is probably a little bit ahead of the long-term trend.  That business from a volume perspective is likely to be flat to declining on a single-digit. Last year it was close to flat on a volume perspective too. It's -- by region, we start to get into some smaller parts of the business, but the bigger parts of Europe and the Americas would mirror the trends that I just described.
Richard Johnson: Glad, thanks very much.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie... Your line is open.
John Purtell: Well, good evening Ron and Michael.
Ronald Delia: Hey, John, how are you?
John Purtell: Just had a couple of questions. Look, the first one, Ron this is in relation to [Indiscernible] and some of those increments. Can you remind us what your return targets are on that incremental, all that growth campaigns? So, as you had growth [Indiscernible] targets in the past. So now they change, perhaps or not? The second question for Mac, in this in terms of that free cash flow of 1.1 Bill. What was the drug if any, from raw materials and higher assets leading to the, or impact on that? Thank you.
Michael Casamento: Hey John. Yeah, I'll take that one. I mean, in terms of returns on CapEx, we really haven't changed the model there. I mean, it's a cash investment, we expect 20% return on those as a minimum, and that's typically what we work towards, so no real change there over the term. With respect to working capital, yeah, we saw some high [Indiscernible] during the period and some high receivables as we started to flush that through the system.  And then the offset was payable. So, from a year in perspective, it wasn't a meaningful impact, but there's probably still a little bit of that to flow through the system and it's more timing issue than anything. But in the cash flow that we saw at the year-end, we were pretty pleased with where we ended, it was a strong performance and we had a good finish in the year, and that's really on the back of the continued focus in working capital.  And particularly around things like that as an overdue, we've had a really good performance there across the board. Just generally, inventory management is been strong, and we continue to manage with our supplies as well so I've already placed on the working capital front.
John Purtell: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Anojja Shah with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Anojja Shah: Hi there. I wanted to ask about your sourcing of recycled resin. You're clearly sourcing enough to double your usage and then I think you said you're going to double it again over the next 18 months. And we hear from other companies that it's actually quite difficult to source the amount of recycled resin that they would like to. What do you think that Amcor is doing differently?
Ronald Delia: Well listen, it's becoming more and more important, obviously, to our customers. A lot of what we use and maybe just to mention the numbers. So, across Amcor, rigid packaging would be the place where we're using the most recycled resin. We exited FY '21, converting about 10% recycled resin out of the total that we convert. And that number is growing in absolute tons as you referred to. But it also it's growing at a percentage of the resin that we convert. In that space, we are clearly the biggest buyer out there.  And so, we have been actively sourcing both from new entrants into the recycled resin space, as well as some of the virgin resin providers that have gotten into PCR. So, it's a pretty broad book that we're buying across. And then in flexibles, it is a little bit more challenging when you're trying to source polyolefins and that's still pretty nascent. A lot of the material that we're using for food for Flexible Packaging it's coming from food-grade, milk and water jugs and things and those are in scarce supply.  That will change over time. Chemical recycling will be a contributor over time. We're active in more than half a dozen different pilots and feasibility projects on chemical recycling around the world, which will be part of the mix too. So, I'd say what's the space, but we're so far, we've been able to satisfy our demand.
Anojja Shah: Great, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then my other question, you've talked about exceeding with synergy target by at least 10%. Maybe you could just give a little more detail on where you're doing better than anticipated just so we could get a little more granular around that at least 10% number.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. So, the retail number was $180 million, and that's the number that we're going to be buyback 10% or at least 10%. We talked at the time of the deal about three big sources. First G&A, overhead reductions. We estimated that would be about 40%. That's more or less track, and probably a little bit ahead of that number, but it's been in that ballpark. Procurement, we said would be another 40%, that's more or less in line.
Ronald Delia: And then footprint, at the time of the deal we thought might be 20%. We found more footprint opportunities than we probably anticipated. And so more of the outperformance proportionately will come from Footprint, which means plan closures. So, if you stand back from it, it's mostly the Footprint plant closure side and a little bit on G&A, which is the source of the outperformance.
Anojja Shah: Great. Thank you very much.
Ronald Delia: Thanks.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Larry Gandler: Thanks, everybody. Good day. A couple of questions obviously. My first question is, if I can do by way of example, the question is, what are the top 3 opportunities to create organic earnings over the next day, 3 years, call it FY '25? Here is an example of what I'm asking for; In Asia, you guys might be under skewing in terms of your overall market share in medical and pharma packaging relative to your market share in other parts of the world.  So, when you look at the size of the agent market, in medical packaging, is that an initiative Amcor might undertake, and how would they do it to grow out its earnings over the next 3 years? You might not look at its geography, you might look it maybe pet food across the world. So, can you dimensionalize those top 3 initiatives? Trying to look past short-term earnings.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. It's a good question. I mean, you picked on one -- I'm not sure it makes the top 3. I'm going to elevate up on the top 3, but on the medical point, Asia specifically, absolutely. I mean, we're actually doing that now and that's the investment in Malaysia that I referred to where we're putting capacity in that part of the world that enables us to be much nimbler and more responsive to this local market demand, which is substantial.  So that absolutely is part of it. If I zoom out and I try to think thematically, one thing that comes to mind is broadening our participation in some of the higher value-add segments that were deepening in one region. Pet food, coffee, protein, these are segments that we have really strong positions in, but it's uneven so we might be particularly strong in Europe in 1, and a little bit weaker in North America.  And so, evening out that participation is going to be a big source of organic growth. As a region, as a whole, I would say Asia particularly China and India. And I would probably elevate up from medical and just say generally in the places we're choosing to play in those high-growth Asian emerging markets, that would make the list.  And then I probably wouldn't rule out rigid packaging in North America, particularly as we continue to expand the healthcare -- sorry, the hospital franchise that we have and grow in the Specialty Container space where there is technology and differentiation, but also share opportunities. So, it's a good question, Larry, I sort of give you those three -- certainly amongst the top 4 or 5. [Indiscernible].
Larry Gandler: Okay. I look forward to scoping those out maybe in near future. And my second question pertains to Alliance to End Plastic Waste.
Ronald Delia: Yes.
Larry Gandler: Excuse the criticism, but it feels like a bit of greenwashing here. I impose taking this executive committee position, and when you get on the website for Alliance to End Plastic Waste, first of all, there's no set of accounts and it's supposedly an organization that's well-capitalized, but when you look at the projects, I think there was a project in India where they put some sort of filter in a river which ends up getting stolen.  There are a couple of projects like in India and Africa where it's highly manual intensive, doesn't require auto (ph.) capital of collecting waste. This is an organization that's backed by billions and the project seemed very small. I'm just wondering where you want to take that organization? Because as you say, we need the waste management to make a structure, particularly in emerging markets. And I've always had hoped that that was going to be the organization that would drive it.
Ronald Delia: Listen, Larry, I think it's finishing observation. I would say that all the different partnerships and organizations that were part of have catalyzed the most actual funding by a long shot. And so, I take on board some of these projects that have been launched are smaller. And I think -- to contextualize it also, we have to keep in mind, this is a new organization.  Essentially it was started a couple of years ago and then as soon as it stepped up with full-time management, the pandemic kind of has slowed things down, but there is more capital that's been committed by the executive committee and the board of that organization than anything else that we're associated with, it's real money, I mean, we write the check.
Larry Gandler: And that's what scares me, there are just no such accounts that we've seen anywhere.
Ronald Delia: While like any NGO, Larry, sometimes our industry association is not always this transparent, but the money that the participants are putting into that organization will crystallize and will catalyze action. And there are good examples. In the project stopping in Indonesia is a good pilot. There's one in the U.S. now called First Star, which is small. And I think as -- as the initiative gains steam, we will have bigger, bolder projects to point to. But for the early days, I'm pretty pleased with the way it's distributing its resources.
Larry Gandler: Okay, good. Thanks for that Ron.
Ronald Delia: Okay. Thanks, Larry
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Nathan Reilly with UBS. Your line is open.
Nathan Reilly: Hey, Ron, it's pretty clear that you are signaling the completion of the Bemis integration, which I guess gives you the bandwidth to go and pursue some of those smaller bolt-on M&A opportunities. But just given we haven't seen you too active in that space for the last few years, can you just remind us of your bolt-on M&A investment criteria? Just in terms of return metrics, but also where you'd be comfortable, taking leverage to. And also, where are you seeing the most attractive M&A opportunities right now?
Ronald Delia: Yeah. I would say across our portfolio, there are going to be both opportunities pretty much throughout the business. If I had to put a priority list together, I would say flexibles to reinforce some of the higher value end-market segments that we're participating in or in Asia would be near the top of the list. I think in rigid packaging, the special space in North America outside of beverage, would be high on the list of -- that would be from a product perspective.  Returns are always going to be important. The Company is now generating a 15% return on capital. So, we need to be there or thereabout as we think about investments. From a leverage perspective, I wouldn't give you a number other than to say, we're going to be an investment-grade Company, always have been, and are committed to that. But within that, we have an ample capacity. If you think about the EBITDA now the business is over $2 billion. One turn, it would make for a lot of firepower for M&A. So, there's no constraint there.
Nathan Reilly: Excellent. Thank you.
Ronald Delia: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Keith Chau with MSV. Your line is open.
Keith Chau: Good evening Ron and Michael. So just a couple of follow-up questions on the adjusted free cash flow guidance. I take your point around step-up in CapEx, but obviously, you-all sitting thinking if what '21 was the time as a tax payment.  So, Michael perhaps is from -- I don't want to stir you in a direction, but certainly feels like the low end of that range is probably unlikely and potentially getting more towards the top end. So, I'm just wondering if you can provide us with a bit more detail on where you think at this point in time, you'd be sitting with a net range, notwithstanding some of the moving parts?
Michael Casamento: The range is there. It's a reason why range 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion. Obviously factored in that is the earnings guidance range so we've given a range [Indiscernible] 7% to 11% depending on where we end up in that range. We will drive the cash flow as well. And of the other key component is really the working capital movement.  I said earlier, we've had some raw material increases which we manage pretty well into the end of it by '21, that can be a factor as we head into '22. there can be some movement there to the upside or the downside. But that's really what's in the range. That said we've managed working capital really well. We had the last 2 years takin
Michael Casamento: G cash out on that front. And as we move forward, we think this kind of be pretty stable. So, I mean there are drivers within that range.
Keith Chau: Do you think Michael you can continue to improve that average moving capital to sales ratio, absent any other movements and raw material costs? I know you've done a good job, particularly in the [Indiscernible] '20. Any more opportunities to come from that?
Michael Casamento: Typically, we'd say the working capital if you got back before the Bemis acquisition, the working capital content within that 8% to 9% range. And for us, we feel that's pretty comfortable, when we did the acquisition, it jumped up to 10.7, then we got it down to 9.5 and went down to 8. So, I think we feel pretty comfortable the way we are today. So, you shouldn't expect too much more to come out of working capital it'll be relatively stable.
Keith Chau: Okay. Thank you. And then just a second question and forgive me if I've missed this one, but I think there were labor and transport costs called out for the rigid packaging business in part due to volumes growth that you're seeing within that business in North America. Is there an expectation for those labor and transportation costs to ease in the coming periods?
Michael Casamento: The reason behind that was really -- we saw a significant increase in demand, which -- and basically the capacity is full -- the industry capacity is full. So, we didn't get a chance -- and opportunity to build inventory in the quieter months leading up to the summer. And so, what we experienced was increased costs just to manage the supply chain. So, we had shuttling costs, increased labor, and the like. And that's ahead of installing new capacity.
Michael Casamento: So, we would be touched on today that we are installing new capacity in that off [Indiscernible] particularly. So, we'd expect over time they should start to obey as we get that capacity comes online.
Keith Chau: And is its possible Michael to give us a quantitative estimate of what the headwind was in the fourth quarter?
Michael Casamento: Yeah. It was about -- it was a few million in the quarter.
Keith Chau: Okay. Okay. Fantastic. Thanks very much.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Scott Ryall with Rimor Equity Research, your line is open.
Scott Ryall: Thank you. I just had one question. So, Ron you made some comments in your prepared remarks about the need for waste management infrastructure investments to pick up, which is -1 - that's very, very clear. Do you think that Amcor will have to invest in space? Obviously, you have to take an alliance approach at the moment. But do you think in order to control the development of that infrastructure that you will actually have to invest there? Thank you.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Scott. It's a good question. I mean, the short answer is no. I mean, we're going to be active in bringing responsible packaging to life in a number of different ways. But we'll also be -- and we'll have to be somewhat judicious and focused and disciplined about where we deploy our shareholder's capital and we think the best use of the capital is in developing packaging that is going to have a better end of life profile or uses more recycled material or less material in the first place.  That's where most of our efforts will go. As far as waste management infrastructure, there's a number of different things and means to fund that, including extended producer responsibility regimes, bottled deposits, and things like that.  And when those are properly designed then we're very supportive of those, and that can likely be part of the answer, but I don't envision us putting capital to work in that part of the value chain on any extensive basis other than maybe just some pilots through a partnership or an alliance.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-05-04 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Amcor Third Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracey Whitehead. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and I would like to welcome everyone to Amcor's Third Quarter Earnings Call for Fiscal '21. Joining the call today from Amcor's side is our Chief Executive Officer, Ron Delia; and Chief Financial Officer, Michael Casamento. At this time, I'll direct your attention to our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, where you'll find our press release and presentation which we will discuss today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and related reconciliations can be found in those documents on our website. As a reminder, the call today includes some forward-looking comments, which remain subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our SEC filings to review factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we're discussing today. With that, I'll hand over to Ron.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss Amcor's year-to-date results. Joining me on the line, as Tracey indicated, is Michael Casamento, our Chief Financial Officer. And we'll begin with some prepared remarks and then open the line for Q&A. Starting with Slide 3. We begin every meeting at Amcor with safety, so we'll start today with safety as well. And this year, our safety performance has been a real highlight. Across Amcor, we've reduced the number of injuries by almost 30% in the first 9 months of the year, and all of our business groups reported fewer injuries, with over half of our sites remaining injury-free for the last 12 months or more. And of course, over the last year, we've also been equally focused on keeping our co-workers healthy as well as safe. And as the COVID pandemic continues to present challenges in many countries, maintaining our protocols and our vigilance remains a top priority for our teams around the world who also understand the critical role we play in helping maintain availability of essential health care and food products. Given the continued challenges of navigating the pandemic, we're particularly pleased with our safety performance so far this year, and we remain confident that our objective of no injuries is, in fact, possible. Our key messages for today are set out on Slide 4. First, our year-to-date financial results have been strong and ahead of expectations, with organic momentum continuing through the year such that the March quarter has been our strongest thus far this year despite the operating environment remaining dynamic and volatile, maybe even more so over the last few months. Our teams have navigated that volatility by demonstrating an exceptional ability to stay focused on the key business drivers within our control, to respond quickly as conditions change and to execute to deliver results despite the circumstances. The second message here is that the strong performance translates into higher expectations for the 2021 fiscal year, and we've raised our outlook for full year EPS growth to 14% to 15% on a constant currency basis. And third, we're actively investing in several growth initiatives, which illustrate the range of opportunities we have over the medium term to maintain our momentum. The strong result, increased guidance and growth investment examples demonstrate the strength of our investment case, which I'll touch on briefly on Slide 5 before returning to the results in more detail. The Amcor investment case is set out on Slide 5 and it's one we've shared a few times this year. We believe the investment case is as strong as ever, and this slide sets out the reasons why, including our global leadership positions, consistent growth from attractive end markets, strong balance sheet and significant annual cash flow of more than $1 billion, and growing, to fund growth investments and dividends. And lastly, momentum's been building, which you can see in our upgraded guidance, and we believe that will continue. Looking ahead into fiscal '22, we would expect EPS growth to benefit from continued organic growth, additional synergies from the Bemis acquisition, a lower share count after the repurchases during FY '20 and '21 and the value that will be created from the $300 million to $400 million of free cash flow that will remain after CapEx and dividends. So the Amcor investment case has not changed and that's part of the message here today. Despite volatility in our operating environment and maybe even more so because of that volatility, the Amcor investment fundamentals remain very attractive and will continue to generate total value of 10% to 15% each year across EPS growth and dividends. Slide 6 includes the actual outcomes of that investment case over the last decade. Over this period, we've always maintained an investment-grade capital structure. We've delivered consistent sales and profit growth, including margin expansion organically through multiple economic and commodity cycles. And we've consistently paid out a compelling dividend. And that growth and yield has been supported by best-in-class free cash flow conversion and return on invested capital, which have also contributed to strong total returns to shareholders as well. Organic growth has always been a key driver of our overall financial performance, and that will become increasingly evident going forward. Slide 7 highlights 3 of the key organic growth drivers for Amcor. The starting point on the left is the set of growing end markets we serve around the world. Now Amcor has substantial positions in several higher-growth, higher value-add, more packaging-intensive segments like health care, protein and premium coffee or hot fill beverage containers and barrier films. In each of these segments, market growth tends to track higher than average. And in each one, we have differentiated positions -- scale positions, differentiated products and global leverage opportunities. Second, emerging markets will also continue to be a key source of organic growth for Amcor. We've got a scale emerging markets portfolio with over $3 billion in annual sales from 27 profitable emerging market businesses, where we benefit from leadership positions and differentiated capabilities, and where we have a long history of profitable growth. And third, growth enabled by innovation, which is an area where we continue to differentiate ourselves from competition, and we're investing to extend that lead. All of our businesses go to market with world-class innovation and R&D capabilities, which are increasingly valued by our customers as they look for packaging to meet shifting consumer needs around the world, particularly around sustainability, which I'll come back to in a minute. We're also allocating capital and actively investing for growth in a number of areas, and Slide 8 shows 2 examples. First, the example on the left. Within a few weeks, we will expect to begin commissioning a major capacity expansion for one of our aluminum-based product segments at a Flexibles Packaging plant in Switzerland. Now this investment will support the continued high growth of the premium coffee segment and is underwritten by a long-term supply agreement with a key customer. We've made a number of similar investments over the years and several recently where we have real long-term partnerships with higher-growth customers who value the various ways Amcor can help them grow. In the other example on the right-hand side of the slide, in the last quarter, we began construction of a new greenfield plant in China to add capacity to our business in that high-growth market, where we already maintain a leadership position and healthy financial profile. The new state-of-the-art plant will be the largest in Amcor's China network and will start up by the end of calendar 2022 to support a range of global and local customers, primarily in the food and personal care segments. And turning to Slide 9. Last week, we announced a corporate venture-type investment in ePac, a relatively new startup in the flexible packaging space, who has leveraged technology and a unique business model to grow to $100 million in sales in just over 4 years. Now as excited as we are to work with ePac, the key point of this slide is to make clear our intentions to do more with regard to open innovation and corporate venturing generally so that we can complement our internal innovation capabilities with great external ideas from all around the world. We're looking forward to exploring opportunities across new packaging products, processes and business models and will be much more systematic and purposeful in this area. And moving to Slide 10, it remains very clear to us that our best and most exciting opportunity for growth and differentiation will come from the development of more sustainable packaging. More sustainable packaging means responsible packaging, starting with better package design. And on that dimension, which needs to take into account the full product life cycle, there's no one better positioned in the industry than Amcor and we're demonstrating that with a steady stream of new product platforms and launches around the world. Waste management and consumer participation will be equally important, and both require close collaboration with others across our value chain. And Amcor has been actively partnering with others in both areas to drive scalable solutions and real impact, and I'll describe some of the progress we're making on the next slide. The KITKAT example on the left is a great one because it demonstrates the potential for Amcor to use chemically recycled resin in food-grade flexible packaging, and it also highlights the level of collaboration that's possible across the full value chain to make it happen, in this case, in Australia. In the middle is AmSky, which is a breakthrough innovation launched by Amcor just last week. Now Amcor created the world's first recycle-ready thermoform blister packaging by eliminating PVC without compromising functionality or the consumer experience. And AmSky is an exciting development, which has the potential to transform the sustainability profile of health care packaging, particularly for solid-dose pharmaceuticals, but it also highlights the potential to eliminate PVC and other packaging segments as well. The example on the right-hand side of the slide is another one that brings to life the concept of responsible packaging with a real example in practice, in this case, in the U.K. The supermarket rollout of this rice product in a recycle-ready microwavable pouch made with Amcor's HeatFlex technology coincided with a number of U.K. retailers announcing in-store trials to collect and recycle flexible packaging. And this one demonstrates that responsible packaging design enabled by Amcor can catalyze change and motivate progress on the waste management and consumer participation requirements as well. And finally, in March, Amcor also took an Executive Committee role in the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, a group whose mission is fully aligned with our vision for responsible packaging through design, infrastructure, innovation and consumer participation. Turning now to a summary of our results on Slide 12. The business has delivered strong year-to-date earnings growth, with EPS up 16% on a comparable constant currency basis. And of that EPS growth, 7% was organic as overall demand for our products has remained healthy and combined with outstanding execution, has resulted in organic growth continuing to build each quarter. 6% of the EPS growth comes from incremental Bemis acquisition synergies, which have reached $55 million so far this fiscal year. We continue to progress ahead of initial expectations, and we're well positioned to deliver at least $180 million of synergies by the end of fiscal '22. And the remaining 3% EPS growth reflects benefits from share repurchases in fiscal '20 and '21. Free cash flow in the balance sheet continue to be strong and in line with our expectations. And we've returned more than $850 million so far this year of cash to shareholders through higher dividends and share buybacks. So the key message here is that we're executing very well, building momentum, delivering strong growth and cash returns to shareholders. With that, I'll hand over to Michael to provide some further detail.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron, and hi, everyone. So starting with the Flexibles segment on Slide 13. Overall sales were 1% higher than the prior year and this was all driven by higher volumes. Demand has remained relatively broad-based, with growth in North America, Latin America and the Asia Pacific regions, while Europe was in line with last year. Through the last 9 months, we have consistently seen solid growth across a broad range of end markets, including in higher-value end markets like protein, coffee, cheese and pet food. And this has been partly offset by lower health care volumes driven by fewer elective surgeries and lower prescription trends, which began back in the June quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBIT has grown 9% in constant currency terms, and margins expanded by 110 basis points, reflecting volume growth, $45 million of cost synergy benefits and strong cost performance and management. It's worth noting here that increases in raw materials have remained manageable, given the diversity of the materials we buy and the multiple reasons in which we consume those materials, combined with the strong commercial capabilities that we have built for over a decade as part of The Amcor Way. The business also continues to extract the financial and strategic benefits from the Bemis acquisition, which is covered on Slide 14. We acquired a high-quality, well-invested business, which has delivered consistent earnings growth since the date of the acquisition. In terms of cost synergies, our teams have done a great job of delivering benefits from overhead reduction, procurement and by optimizing our footprint. Year-to-date, we have delivered $55 million in benefits, and we continue to expect this will increase to approximately $70 million for the full year. At the end of fiscal 2021, cumulative benefits will have reached $150 million, and we expect to deliver at least $180 million of total cost synergies by the end of fiscal '22. It's also exciting to see examples of collaboration across the regions as we leverage our capabilities and differentiated product offering to support customer growth. For instance, our business in China, Australia and Brazil have all secured differentiated packaging for protein and pet food applications from other Amcor regions across the globe. There are many examples like this and more in the pipeline to come through. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 15. In summary, the business has continued to deliver outstanding results driven by strong consumer demand. Sales growth included a 4% increase in volume as well as a 3% price/mix benefit, including higher pricing to recover cost inflation in Latin America. In North America, year-to-date beverage volumes are 7% higher than last year, and hot fill container volumes are up 13%. We have seen another quarter of strong consumer demand for PET packaged beverages, particularly in hot fill categories, including juice, ready-to-drink teas and sports drinks. This strong demand has built capacity across our network and reflects higher consumer demand, innovative brand extensions and new product launches and formats. Year-to-date, Specialty Container volumes were higher than the prior period, with growth in certain categories, including spirits, personal care and home cleaning. And volumes in Latin America were also 2% higher than last year, with growth delivered in Brazil, Central America and Argentina. The EBIT growth of 9% reflects higher volumes and favorable mix across the business. [Technical Difficulty].
Operator: Pardon the interruption. Mr. Casamento's line disconnected.
Ronald Delia: I don't know if it's disconnected, operator. Just give us a second here. We'll see if we can get him back on. Operator, I'll pick it up from here. It's Ron Delia. I'll just pick up from where Michael left off. Michael was just summarizing the Rigid container story -- Rigid Packaging segment. Sorry about that, for those on the line. I think he was just updating on the Specialty Container volumes, which were higher than the prior period, with growth in a number of categories. And then volumes in Latin America, 2% higher than last year, with growth, particularly in Brazil, Central America and Argentina. EBIT growth in the segment of 9% reflects that higher volume and favorable mix across the business, partially offset by higher labor costs and transportation costs as well. Rigid containers has rapidly become -- it's rapidly become evident the preference for Rigid containers, given their recyclability, lightweight, resealability and hygiene profile as well as having the lowest carbon footprint. And the business has continued to benefit from these trends. We've doubled the use of PCR, post-consumer recycled resin, over 2 -- over the last 2 years even while navigating the pandemic. And we continue to launch new products made of 100% PCR. In fact, today, almost all of our sites in North America are converting to PCR along with virgin resin. We move on to Slide 16. Adjusted free cash flow of $360 million was in line with prior year. However, this includes approximately $50 million of U.S. cash tax payments deferred under the CARES Act in the Q4 of FY '20. Excluding that timing variance, adjusted free cash flow is approximately 10% higher than last year and is in line with our expectations. Our financial profile is solid. Leverage is at 3x on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis, and this is lower than last year and in line with what we would expect at the end of the March quarter given the seasonality of the cash flows in the business. So with strong annual cash flow and a strong balance sheet, the business has significant capacity to invest as well as to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders, as we have this year already, through a growing dividend and further share repurchases. And in fact, in 9 months so far this year, we've returned over $850 million to shareholders. Turning to Slide 17, which is the outlook slide. You'll find the latest view here, which is a revised or an increased outlook for the year. The continued strong performance of the business and the organic momentum has been built -- that has been building gives us the confidence to raise our 2021 full year guidance. And we expect constant currency EPS growth of 14% to 15% for the full year, which is comparable to and higher than the 10% to 14% guidance provided in February and includes an unfavorable EPS impact from businesses we've disposed of over the last 12 months of approximately 1%. So to be clear, the constant currency EPS growth for this year would have been 15% to 16% had the disposals not occur. In terms of cash flow, we continue to expect adjusted free cash flow between USD 1 billion and USD 1.1 billion. In closing today, on Slide 18, Amcor has delivered a strong result ahead of expectations, and organic momentum has continued. This has translated into higher expectations for the full year, and we've raised our outlook for fiscal '21. We're actively investing in the future, and these investments, along with strong execution, will enable continued momentum and reinforce our belief that the Amcor investment case has never been stronger. Operator, with that, we'll finish our -- we've finished our opening remarks, and we're happy to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Two questions, both really around volume. I guess, first off, it seems like every week, we get another press release from Amcor, and this is a high-class problem in terms of another new product. Is there a way you could give us some form of a vitality index or some approximation, how much of your sales right now where volumes are coming from products that you hadn't created, produced two years ago, three years ago, whatever time frame you want to use? That's question number 1. And then question number two, recognizing you prefer to look at things on a year-to-date basis, on a yearly basis, when we do some reverse engineering of the press releases, it looks -- this quarter versus last quarter, it looks like Flexibles saw a little bit of a slowdown, volumes might have been flat to slightly down. Can you give us some perspective in terms of what was happening in the third quarter by market and some key products?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, good question, George. Look, on the volatility index, it's not a measure that we use pervasively inside the company. I mean I think the -- what we're really focused on is launching products that are commercialized -- commercializable and will have take-up in the market and then tracking the sales of each of those, none of which are material to the group per se. But we think it's important to continue to demonstrate the vitality of our innovation pipeline because ultimately, that will contribute to the positive mix and the positive margin that we want to drive in the business. And so the ultimate vitality index for us is the margin expansion that we've generated period after period after period for well over 10 years now. That's the vitality index because what it says is that each new product that we sell today is a higher-margin product than the unit it's replacing from prior periods. So that's maybe the roundabout way of answering your first question. On Q3, we'll talk about Q3. I mean we do tend to focus on the full year to try to orient the conversations in the longer term. But that being said, the third quarter was our strongest quarter of the year on a number of dimensions. We had increasing organic momentum -- profit momentum across both Rigids and Flexibles. And we're really pleased with the execution because the environment in the third quarter, fiscal third quarter for us from an operating perspective, was probably as difficult as it's been so far this year. As it relates to the sales side of things, yes. I mean look, I think these businesses, both Rigids and Flexibles, will generate low single-digit growth over the long term. I think that's roughly where we've been -- where we were through 6 months. That's likely where we'll be at the end of the fiscal year. The 90-day period that was Q3 was a little bit softer in Flexibles, particularly because of the weakness, the ongoing weakness in the medical device packaging and pharmaceutical packaging. But more or less, we're consistent with our long-term trends in both businesses for this fiscal year at sort of low single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi of Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess, Ron, just kind of following up on George's question in terms of the cadence of volumes as we look ahead. Some CPG companies, as they reported, have talked about an abrupt sort of shift in terms of volumes as you cycled through the tougher comps from a year ago. Mobility in certain parts of the world are starting to increase, in North America, for example. So can you just sort of give us a real-time pulse as to what you're seeing so far in your 4Q and then how exactly you expect volumes to sort of evolve over the next 2 to 3 quarters?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, good question. I mean last year, at this time, we would have been describing pretty much a neutral impact from COVID, and that carried through then for the fourth quarter of FY '20, and that's pretty much been our experience. And that's because of the geographic diversity of the business. Last year, our Q3 would have seen a real strong negative impact in Asia, particularly in China, which is a business that generates a lot of growth for us. And we would have seen softness in other parts of the business, compensating for some of the better sales in North America in the month of March last year as an example. The net-net of all that, last year, wasn't really much. And so as we think about cycling comps this year, including the results that we're reporting today, there's really not much in it in terms of variation period-to-period related to COVID. And that's the perspective that I would offer looking forward as well. Our Q4, as I said to respond to George's question, it will be back at the end of this fiscal year and will be in the low single digits, which is where we would expect to be on any given year. And so there's not -- it's not the sexiest answer I could give you, but it's the reality of the diversified portfolio that we're operating.
Ghansham Panjabi: Understood. And then for my second question, on raw materials, your favorite question, I'm sure. So with the reflation dynamics that we saw in the U.S. coming into this year and then Winter storm Uri, just give us a sense as to how you're navigating pricing in the context of just significant cost inflation on the resin side plus logistics, et cetera. And what's different, if anything, post-Bemis in terms of how your commercial guys are tackling higher cost inflation?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question. It's obviously a topic -- a key topic this period. First thing I would say is that this isn't new, right? These are commodity cycles that we experience every few years. If we look back over the last 10 years or so, it's probably maybe the third or fourth real pronounced spike that we've seen in our input costs. And so it's not new. It's something you deal with periodically. And the way we navigate is with lots of rigor and lots of precision. And I would say that, that rigor and that precision improves every time we go through one of these cycles. And I think that whether it's the shortening the pass-through lags on contracts, whether it's expanding the coverage of the materials that are subject to rise and fall mechanisms and the like, I just think we get better at it with each year. And I can go back to each of those cyclical peaks over the last decade and kind of point to things that we've learned and that we've added to the toolkit so that in the next time, the experience is less impactful. And I think that's what we're seeing now. We're not really -- obviously, we're wearing a headwind like everyone else, but it's not material enough to distort the results, and it's certainly not holding back our expectations for the fiscal year. I think with Bemis, maybe Bemis is a segue into another dimension to this question, which is the diversification of our spend, which only got further enhanced or further diversified with the Bemis acquisition. So obviously, if we take the 2 business segments, you've got rigid packaging, which is largely PET-based, which operates in a much tighter lag, it's an easier administrative process, if you will, because it's really primarily one material. So when we talk about lags in Amcor's businesses, it's primarily in Flexibles. And in Flexibles, it's also important to remember that about 60% -- or maybe I'll say it the other way, about 40% of what we buy in the Flexibles segment is not polymer-based. It's aluminum, it's fiber, and it's other things. So the spend from a commodity perspective is pretty well-diversified. And then particularly in polymers, the other 60%, that's really split. It's split across 4 geographic regions, and it's split across grades. And so the netting of that, the portfolio effect of that, again with the addition of Bemis, which is $4 billion out of the $9 billion of sales in that segment, just creates more of a portfolio effect or a dampening or a leveling effect. So we're more -- I would say, to summarize it, we're better at this and we -- and our portfolio is better positioned to withstand these kind of cyclical spikes.
Operator: Your next question will come from Richard Johnson of Jefferies.
Richard Johnson: Ron, sorry, just to continue on with the -- your commentary on raw material price lags. I'm just trying to understand properly what the impact of -- or what the lag is when you think about what the impact on your revenue line has been of low raw material prices and it's the same for the group as it is with Flexibles. I mean that's been negative really right through '20 and into '21. And if you assume that nearly all raw materials really turned -- started to turn back up midway through last year, it looks like the impact on your revenue line continued to be negative for 9 further months. I mean is it that simple, or how should we think about the lag?
Ronald Delia: Look, I think the way to think about the lag is that in Flexibles, it's roughly a quarter. There's probably an average in there that's somewhere between 3 and 4 months, but it's close enough. And that hasn't really changed over time. I mean I think with the addition of the Bemis portfolio, that part of the equation hasn't really changed much. I think we have to remember, there were times over the last 9 or 12 months, I think, was the period you referenced, where raw materials also went down in some parts of the world. And so I wouldn't read too much into the -- I think it would be very difficult to bridge back the commodity charts with the raw material impact on the revenue line, which is why we just break it out for you. Our measure of organic sales growth excludes the impact, positive or negative, of commodity prices.
Richard Johnson: Yes, absolutely. I mean but that's always been negative for quite some time now. Anyways, that's helpful. And then just secondly, on sustainability. I would be interested in your view on what's going on in France at the moment. And obviously there, a single-use plastic legislation passed a big hurdle overnight. And I'm particularly interested around what they're thinking about doing in supermarkets with compulsory refill stations and the like. I mean is that something we should be worried about longer-term?
Ronald Delia: No. Look, I mean, I think consumer consciousness is rising everywhere, and that's a good thing because, ultimately, we need the consumer to participate. And in countries like France and others in Europe that have various forms of legislation in place, all of that is supportive to the infrastructure funding that's required, whether it's composting infrastructure, recycling infrastructure, et cetera. So none of that is necessarily a bad thing. I think on the reusable side of things, I'm not sure that's an Amcor issue per se. It's particularly in France. But the consumer behavioral shift required for reuse at scale is just not something we've seen anywhere in the world yet. It doesn't mean it won't happen, but I think that's a big ask of the consumer at this stage, quite frankly, when we're trying to get them to recycle or compost.
Operator: Your next question will come from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Ron, when you first gave fiscal '21 guidance last year, I think you guided to 5% to 10% EPS growth in the $1 billion to $1.1 billion in free cash flow. And you've now raised the EPS guide a couple of times. I think you're basically double the original guide at the midpoint in terms of EPS growth. And the free cash flow is still that sort of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. And I understand it's not a huge delta, but is there any kind of like working capital impact from resin that maybe you get back in fiscal '22? Or is there something on the CapEx side? Just wondering how we should think about you being maybe at the low end or the high end of that free cash flow guide.
Ronald Delia: Yes. No, it's a good question. Michael is actually back, so we'll let him tackle that one.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Hi. Can you hear me there?
Anthony Pettinari: Yes.
Ronald Delia: Yes.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Perfect. No, yes, look, we -- you're quite right. The guidance has increased through the year, and we're still talking about a cash flow range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. We think we'll be at the upper end of that range. But that said, clearly, the raw material escalation will have some impact on working capital as we just cycle through those increases and get them out into the marketplace. So really, that's the reason why we're sticking with the 1-point -- $1 billion to $1.1 billion. It's basically that point. As I said, we think we can get to the upper end, but let's wait and see what happens with any further raw material movements. But that's really the simple answer.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then you saw strong Rigid volumes in the quarter. I think hot filled volumes were up double digits. And I think you indicated on the Flexibles side for next quarter, there wasn't necessarily much in the way of a big COVID benefit when we look at the year-over-year comp. If I got that right, does that also apply to Rigids? And just as the U.S. economy reopens, how should we think about the positives and the negatives for Rigid on kind of a year-over-year comp basis?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, I think you're right to call it the trends. I mean the business hasn't had much of an impact. I mean I know we've sort of sounded like a broken record on that point because we don't have a whole lot of exposure to the foodservice side. The place where we have a little bit of exposure is the convenience channel in Rigids, where you saw some softer sales at times last year. The offset to that has been the health care segment. The 2 just about net. And so, again, I think somebody else asked the question earlier and I made the comment. As far as trying to find a comp and whether it's a negative or a positive, there's just not a whole lot in it for us. So I think you're going to see volume growth at the end of the year that's consistent with our long-term averages. We're having, obviously, a pretty good year in Rigids, with positive mix on the hot fill side. But that's really driven by just the consumer demand in some of the hot filled sports drink, juice and tea segments more than anything else.
Operator: Your next question will come from Salvator Tiano of Seaport.
Salvator Tiano: Firstly, I wanted to see a little bit with your fiscal 2022 starting in less than 2 months from now. How should we think about the earnings grade, some big key items, key buckets for EBITDA? And I know you have additional Bemis synergies. There's going to be accretion from buybacks. But any other things we should consider as we look into next fiscal year?
Ronald Delia: Look, actually, I think you described the main elements in the bridge. I think -- and it's -- there's no secret here. We pretty much lay it out there each quarter. The business will generate organic growth kind of mid-single digits, 3% to 4%. I think, as you've heard us say a few times, the momentum organically in the business has accelerated actually this year. So you can make your own assumption around that piece. The Bemis synergies, we're saying we're going to end up this year at about $70 million. We got last -- we got $80 million last year and we're on track to get at least $180 million, so you can make your own assumption about what the increment might be next year. And then we repurchased shares this year, which will add to the base for next year. And then the other thing that we want to make sure people don't lose sight of is this business will generate a lot of cash and will generate well over $1 billion of cash again next year, which will result in $300 million to $400 million left over after CapEx and after dividends. And we'll do something with that. And that's been our track record. We've been active acquirers over the years, and we've also been active share repurchasers over the years. And so you should assume that some productive use for the benefit of shareholders will come out of that extra cash.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And touching base exactly on potential opportunities for M&A, what are you seeing on the pipeline? What's your view on the multiples out there? Any specific areas that you're targeting? And I guess, on the reverse side, I think we -- after being Bemis especially, people are spending less and less time focusing on your folding carton business. Does this continue to fit into your strategy going forward?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Well, let me answer the first part, and then I'll come back to folding cartons. Look, we're going to be active acquirers, there's no question about it. And we've done about 30 deals over the last 10 years, and I hope we do at least that number over the next 10 years. That will be part of our playbook. This is an industry where even despite leadership positions across our portfolio, there's still lots of bolt-on opportunities across Flexibles and in Rigids. And then there's some areas that we would like to double-down on or that represent bigger opportunities for us, I mean, obviously, Flexibles in Asia. We have a business that's well over $1 billion in sales, but the market opportunity is enormous. So hopefully, we can supplement our growth there with M&A as one example. Probably another one would be in the Rigid Packaging space outside of beverage. We've got a big business growing well organically, but can we supplement that with further M&A, we certainly hope so. So those would be a couple of examples. But there's bolt-on opportunities across the board, and we really hope to be active. Look, on folding cartons, it's a business that's about 8% of sales in Amcor. It's the industry leader in what it does because it's a very specialized type of folding carton, high-graphic intensity and shapes and tactile features as well. So it's sort of at the high end. It's not cereal boxes per se. So it's a high-margin business that generates a lot of cash. And it's pretty core to our Flexibles perimeter because it's essentially a printing and converting business. And industrially, it looks exactly like our Flexibles businesses. In fact, some of the equipment is actually the same. So it's every bit as core as everything else, and it's got a great financial profile. It's obviously got a different top line profile than the rest of the company. But from a return on capital and cash perspective, it's about as good as it gets.
Operator: And your next question will come from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess, first question, just thinking about kind of business trajectory. I was hoping you could maybe give us a bit of a split by geography in terms of what regions, especially EM versus developed markets. And especially, you talked about some of the volume kind of weakness in health care, and any sense on kind of the -- when comps -- when do comps ease there and visibility to business activity kind of picking up, especially in the U.S., where it's getting past the worst of COVID, it seems.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Well, look, health care is a good long-term grower. I mean that's a business that would have been disproportionately accretive to growth for a long period of time. And it's a medical device business and it's a pharmaceutical business. And both of those have fantastic financial characteristics, including growth in excess of more traditional FMCG growth. And that will come back, there's no question about that. And I think we're seeing signs of life in the developed markets, in particular, which were the hardest hit through COVID. So we operate that business globally. And in particular, it's big in Europe and North America as you would expect. And those are the areas where the COVID impacts, the reduced elective surgeries, the lower prescription rates, had a particular bite. So that's obviously -- I think we're coming out the other end of that. And hopefully, over the next couple of quarters, we start to see that normalize, and normalize in that sense means it's accretive to growth. That's been the big impact, really. The rest of it is -- the rest of the portfolio will continue to grow low single digits. The comp issue is sort of less meaningful everywhere else in the company, except for the negative impacts from the health care dynamics that I just referred to.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on the ePac acquisition, which I thought the framing of it was different than you called it, a corporate venture investment. But can you talk about kind of what your real plans are for that business? And is it -- is there a real opportunity to gain some penetration with faster-growing small- and medium-sized customers that you struggle to reach today?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Well, look, I think the framing is intentional. So I'll talk about ePac in a second, but the key point to take away here is that we're going to be much more purposeful and systematic in tapping into external ideas of all types. We believe, and we have conviction, that we have differentiated R&D capabilities in the company. But we're not naive enough to think we've got all the great ideas out there. So that's really -- the headline message is that we're open for business if there's a great idea that somebody wants to help -- wants help developing or wants to come talk to us about. ePac is a corporate venturing-type investment. It's a minority stake in a business that is essentially a startup. It's about a 4-year-old business. Fantastic business. It's really exciting. It's a flexible packaging business in essence. And it's gone really from 0 to about $100 million in sales in 4 years. It's got about 15 sites, most of them are in the U.S. I think there's a couple outside the U.S. And we're really excited to learn from it, quite frankly. So the first objective is to learn and kind of leave it alone. And what we hope to learn is in a few areas. One is the commercial approach, which, as you point out, is geared towards smaller enterprises, and it leverages short runs, quick turnarounds and also high quality. So that's -- there's a commercial learning opportunity for Amcor. I think, industrially, the business is enabled by digital printing and some other kind of neat industrial aspects inside the 4 walls of a plant, which are also interesting to us. And then the third thing, honestly, is how does the business grow from 0 to $100 million in 4 years. And I think there's a whole lot we can learn, like any big company, from a startup and how that happens, from a managerial and organizational perspective as well. So we're going to leave it alone a little bit, Adam, in the first instance, not a little bit, we're going to leave it alone. And we're going to watch and listen and learn. And then watch the space. I think you'll see different manifestations of those learnings benefit Amcor for many years to come.
Operator: Your next question will come from Larry Gandler of CrÃ©dit Suisse.
Larry Gandler: I also had a question about ePac and raw materials, so might as well continue the ePac conversation. 0 to $100 million in sales in 4 years, that's, as you say, incredible. What does it say about the size of that market? Can you give us some color about how big that small customer market is and really, what the opportunity is?
Ronald Delia: Well, look, I think it says that it's pretty damn big. I don't know that we would even size it. I think it's -- that's primarily a U.S. figure that I gave you, and so you can compound that when you think about the other parts of the world. So look, I think it's really big. What I don't know at this stage is just, of that bridge from 0 to $100 million, how much of that is new business with new customers of that type versus how much of it is the growth of those customers as they continue to outgrow big multinational FMCG players. But both are important. But direct answer to your question, Larry, I'm not sure we could really size it per se.
Larry Gandler: Okay. Let me ask it a different way. When you look at ePac, do you have any similar customers, or is it a completely different market than where Bemis and Amcor is hitting in the U.S.?
Ronald Delia: Well, we certainly have customers like that in the rigid space. We -- in some respects, you've heard us talk about our regional business unit. In some respects, we created our own version of ePac about 5 or 6 years ago in Rigids for exactly that purpose. Look, in Flexibles, I would say, I'm sure we have customers of that type, but I'm not sure we've been all that purposeful and systematic about attacking that part of the market, and that's where the real opportunity comes from.
Larry Gandler: Okay. And then on raw materials, Ron, you described the situation as manageable. As I talk to investors and characterize Amcor, we talk about it as safety, quality, The Amcor Way. When it comes to managing raw materials, I know pass-through is one of your mechanisms, and that also characterizes Amcor. But can you give us some anecdotes about Amcor's raw material procurement? I remember, perhaps in the last or two resin spikes ago, I think Amcor was bringing resin into the U.S. from Asia in a unique fashion, which others were not doing. So maybe you can call out some anecdotes on how you're beating the higher raw material costs through procurement and raw material management.
Ronald Delia: I will, but let me just make one thing really clear. Like the convention in the industry is that the raw material fluctuations are passed through to the marketplace. And so this is really -- the conversation about the lag or the P&L impact of changes in raw material prices is really about the commercial side of the business and the commercial capabilities of, first of all, measuring what those changes are and then executing price increases to recover those costs. So that's the absolute key point here. And I think we have, I think, a pretty special approach to doing that, which goes all the way back, firstly, to understanding the profit of each order and each customer and each product. So I can talk more about that, but that's the commercial side. On the procurement side, which I would treat as a slightly different dimension, I think our procurement capabilities have evolved over the years. I think as we've gotten bigger, we've added people, we've added expertise, we've added IT systems. Our buy is broad. I think the fact that we're now a bigger buyer in the U.S. gives us visibility into the dynamics in this market, that maybe we always had in Europe and didn't have as well in the U.S. As regional as the market can be at times, it absolutely has elements of a global market as well. So I think all those things contribute.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Ron, I wonder with COVID, are you being drawn into more conversations with your customers about automation and automation of the packing process as part of the packaging?
Ronald Delia: Yes. I mean look, there's -- automation has always been important, and it's always been important from a productivity perspective, I think, for obvious reasons in terms of labor cost reductions. And so that's always been there. I think what's added, what's been accretive to that discussion now is the hygiene factor, right? And then obviously, meatpacking gets a lot of attention. There are other segments as well, where you've got a lot of people in a confined space, and that creates a health risk, the way none of us appreciated 12 months ago. So the short answer is absolutely. And I think we have some unique product offerings that will help support that over the journey.
Mark Wilde: Yes. And just I remember about 4, 5 years ago, Bemis was talking about a flat film technology they use in fresh meat that would replace kind of 3-sided bags, which got to be stuffed manually. Are you seeing pickup there?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Well, you're on it. I mean that's the differentiation, right? There's 2 ways to pack fresh meat, really simply stated. There's a film -- a continuous process using film, and then there's bags and -- which obviously has been more labor-intensive. So we think we have some good products to offer in both. But our film technology, we would put up there with anybody's. So yes, we would expect to see an acceleration in that space.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then just as a follow-on, you mentioned the use of a PCR PET in a number of new North American, what you see thereabouts. Just trying to get a sense of what percent of the mix post-consumer PET, would be at this point for you in North America.
Ronald Delia: Yes. I'm glad you asked because we're pretty excited about this. I mean it's almost becoming pervasive. So we're going to exit this year in North America, converting about 10% of our resin as post-consumer recycled material. So 10% of what we convert in North America will be PCR. In terms of absolute pounds, that's a doubling of the amount of pounds we were converting 2 years ago. And that's despite the pandemic. And the pandemic has actually slowed down that trajectory. We probably would be at a higher level than 10% had it not been for some of the disruptions in the supply chain from the pandemic. And it's also pretty exciting that many of the new SKUs that we launched, and we've got a lot of new product examples scattered throughout our materials today, many of them are made with 100% PCR. And it's almost like electronic vehicles to some extent. We're not launching a lot of new products in PET that aren't leveraging PCR to some extent, and many of them are 100% PCR. So I think what you're seeing, you're right, kind of we're in the middle of a migration to a different industry convention, which says there's no reason you can't continue to reuse this material over and over and over again.
Mark Wilde: Is the supply of PCR the limiter, or is it just getting the consumer goods companies' price?
Ronald Delia: It's a little bit of both. I think, right now, we're adequately supplied, and I would say the market is creating the right level of demand. We all project out, at some point in the near to medium term, where we could have a supply constraint. But that's absent other factors that will increase supply, things like deposit legislation expanding beyond 10 states in the U.S., things like consumer education. We see the -- you may have seen the Every Bottle Back campaign that a number of the beverage companies are cosponsoring. So absent big increases in supply, we could be tight in the next couple of years. I do think there will be big increases in supply, however. So I think this trend will continue. I think it will accelerate, quite frankly. I think we get through the pandemic, any concerns around hygiene, any cessations of collection schemes will end, and we'll start collecting again. And I think that 10% number that we're going to end this year at will be much higher 12, 24 months from now.
Operator: Your next question will come from Brook Campbell-Crawford of JPMorgan.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: I just had a couple of follow-up questions on the corporate venture and -- side of things. Just wondering if you had considered pre-committing a dollar amount to an internal fund of some sort. Or is it just really opportunistic investments sort of made at the head office level? That's the first question. And then the follow-up would be, would you consider investing in raw material processing or recycling assets on that side of things, the sort of evolving technologies on the raw material side?
Ronald Delia: Yes, two good questions, two discussions that are always ongoing inside Amcor. On the corporate venturing side, we are getting more systematic, as I said. Part of that is including a couple of staff who will be full-time focused on this. Whether or not we're going to communicate a number remains to be seen. We probably will. We'll allocate a certain portion of capital every year towards investments of that type, but it won't be material. I can tell you that in the grand scheme of the capital budget that we have each year or the free cash flow that the business generates. But we think a purposeful amount of investing on a regular basis will help us make sure that we're tapped into the best ideas out there. So I would say, look, watch this space on this one. There will be more to be said on this topic. On the investments in the recycling part of the value chain, look, never say never. We prefer not to put big looks of capital into parts of the value chain that are not necessarily areas we can be differentiated and unique in. We would prefer to be a demand catalyst and a source of demand for others who might put their capital in those spaces because it's more aligned with what they do. And then the other way that we hope to influence infrastructure development is through some of the collaborations and partnerships that we've entered into. And we announced recently that we signed up with the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, which is not a new entity, but one that we stayed close to for a couple of years and are really encouraged by the progress that, that group is making, particularly on the waste management side. So we're hopeful that we can influence that part of the responsible packaging equation without allocating substantial amounts of capital.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Understood. And one quick one for Michael. Just on the corporate cost line. In the 9 months, about $18 million increase in corporate costs if we sort of put synergies to one side. Are you able to just provide a few examples of what's driven the step-up there? And is any of it one-off in nature so that we might see it online in FY '22?
Michael Casamento: Basically, Brook, the corporate cost increase is $8 million year-to-date. You have organic synergies there. There's puts and takes against that. But if we just think about that, half of the $8 million is FX, so we have unfavorable FX in that. And we've talked about some insurance claims, higher insurance claims that we've had and the insurance costs that we've had year-to-date. So they're really the 2 key areas behind the increase. As we look forward, I would say that they're probably going to roll through the year-end, and that's going to be about the increase versus prior year at year-end. So really, that's -- you're not seeing any major movements in the costs, albeit we are investing in things like sustainability and innovation in those areas. So we'll continue to invest in that space as well.
Operator: The next question will come from Keith Chau of MST Marquee.
Keith Chau: The first one, Ron, just following up on Adam's question previously on raw materials. I think in the disclosure, it talked about an unfavorable impact of revenues in the 9 months. But certainly, as raw material prices have increased then, the impact on sales should be favorable within the third quarter of FY '21. So just wondering if you could narrow it down just to give us a sense of whether raw materials did contribute favorably to sales and whether there was indeed an impact or not in the third quarter. And as we look into the fourth quarter of fiscal year '21 and the initial quarters of the next financial year, whether there will be any impact from raw materials.
Ronald Delia: Yes. I mean absolutely. The short answer is yes. So in the third quarter, in the Flexibles segment, you'll see a positive impact from raws, and I would suspect that will be the case in the fourth quarter as well.
Keith Chau: Any guesses as to what the magnitude could be or not material enough to be concerned about?
Ronald Delia: Not material enough to be concerned about because also, as we report the numbers, we're always referring in the first instance to organic sales, and so we're stripping out that impact. But I'm just -- I'm answering your question directly, and there will be a positive impact from -- in reported sales from passing through higher raw material costs.
Keith Chau: Okay. And then the second one, it seems like the business is becoming significantly more comfortable with the Bemis assets. Certainly, an upgrade coming through for synergies, if not today, being the soft upgrade there and something further in the future. Can you give us a sense of whether that will be driven through the cost line or whether you're starting to see some revenue synergies to start coming through for Bemis?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Michael might just comment on the cost side, and I'll talk about the commercial benefits.
Michael Casamento: Yes. No, look, so on the cost side, as we said, we feel really good about where we are. I mean the integration has gone exceptionally well. We've been able to generate synergies from the G&A side from the procurement. And more recently, we're starting to get impact on the footprint side. And as Ron commented earlier, we got $80 million last year. We're at $55 million year-to-date this year. And we'll end up approximately $70 million by year-end. So as we exit the year, we will have captured $150 million, and we'll be at least able to catch the $180 million. And we've got clear line of sight around the projects that are still to come to deliver that extra synergy benefit next year. So as we get more and more through the time frame, we feel more -- increasingly confident around that delivery. So we're right on track to deliver at least $180 million.
Ronald Delia: Yes. And then just briefly on the commercial side, I would say, more broadly, I mean, I think there's examples of products' transfers going in both directions. And we've called out a few examples. I mean I wouldn't describe them as material yet, but we've got some products going from the North American business into ANZ. I think we've got an example on Bega Cheese individual wrap slices. That's a good example of leveraging a structure from the U.S. legacy Bemis business into ANZ. We've got some examples going the other way, from our New Zealand dairy film business, going to the U.S. market. So I think you'll see more and more of that. It's a really interesting and complementary mix of segment participation that the businesses have had historically. If I look in North America, the big positions in protein and hard cheese, processed cheese that we acquired are absolutely additive for our portfolio in Europe. And then the pet food and coffee positions that we've had, in Europe, historically, are completely new and additive to the Bemis -- the legacy Bemis platform in North America. So I think we'll see more and more of that. I think our way to probably describe that will be through examples as much as anything else. But I think we're starting to see it already.
Operator: Your next question will come from Kyle White of Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: On the severe weather this quarter, was there any meaningful impact to earnings from this event outside of the raw material inflation that you saw?
Ronald Delia: Yes. I mean I wouldn't say material, but definitely impacts. I mean we, like everyone else, we're struggling to get raw materials at times. Some of the businesses that were most dependent on specific materials at the specific plastic plants were a bit constrained. So we had all of that and more. I mean it's a really difficult quarter, which is why we're particularly proud that it was our best profit quarter of the year, not to mention the fact that in certain parts of the world, we're dealing with continued impacts from COVID. In Latin America, India, the businesses are wearing extra costs and certainly extra complexity and management time and attention to keep everybody healthy. So we're not calling anything out as material, Kyle, but there's no question that the business had a headwind in the quarter from all those exogenous factors.
Kyle White: Yes. I know it's a bit early, but given the greenfield plant you referenced on Slide 8 in China, should we anticipate an uptick in CapEx next year? Or will it be kind of similar to this year's level?
Michael Casamento: I'll take that one, Kyle. Look, I think we typically would spend 3.5%, 4% of sales on CapEx. Last year being the first year after an acquisition like Bemis, it was a little lower than that so we were around the $400 million mark. I think this year, this FY '21, we'll finish the year probably about 10% higher than that. And as we look forward, we can manage these investments of this kind. We've done them before within our CapEx spend, and you should expect that the CapEx is going to be somewhere around 3.5% to 4% of sales, so probably getting closer to $500 million as we move forward. And we're really pleased with these type of investments because they generate growth and they get good returns. And they really help us support our customer base as well. So we're quite pleased to be able to invest in these activities.
Operator: Your next question will come from John Purtell of Macquarie.
John Purtell: Sorry, just another one on raw materials, obviously a popular theme here. But if we go back to fiscal '18, I mean, emerging markets seem to be, in particular, an area that we saw an extended lag of up to 6 months. So you seem to be flagging a shorter lag this time. So I know you've sort of alluded to it, but just trying to understand what dynamics have changed there.
Ronald Delia: Yes. I mean it's a good pickup, John. You've watched the company for a long time, and there's, as I said, I alluded to it in my answer earlier, like we -- I think we've improved. We improved with each commodity spike, and we improved not just when raws are going up but I think each year. And so if I contrast where is the company today with where were we in 2018, when I also would have said we're reasonably good at this, I think that the base capabilities are more pervasive around the company. So the Asian business, the Latin American business are closer in sophistication and maturity at passing through raw materials. They're our most indecipherable, from maybe the legacy European business. That would be the key, if I look back at the 2018 cycle, that would be the key legacy of that. If I go back to the one before, we got much more sophisticated about aluminum when the spike in aluminum occurred in sort of 2011, '12. So each of them, each opportunity for learning is capitalized on them, and I think our capabilities are just continuing to evolve.
John Purtell: And just the final one. We've seen large increases in aluminum and inks and solvents prices. Is the pass-through lag or pass-through and recovery mechanisms similar to resin?
Ronald Delia: Yes, yes. The short answer is yes. I think that we have good contractual coverage. For contracted customers, we absolutely have coverage over those commodities. And the pass-through mechanisms function, for all intents and purposes, the same way.
Operator: Your next question will come from Nathan Reilly of UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Just a question coming through on plant capacity and utilization. Can you give us a bit of an update on where you are on those factors at the moment? Notwithstanding the fact you've flagged some growth opportunities, but are there any areas around the network where you might be a touch constrained? And are there some opportunities to grow with customers in some of those areas of the network?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, it's a very good question. The one standout area is in the hot fill space in containers in North America. I think, without question, the network is maxed out. It's a segment that has grown steadily over a 5- or 6-year period at about 3% a year, but obviously has had a much better run over the last several quarters. And so, without question, that part of our footprint is capacity-constrained at the moment. Now that won't last forever. Obviously, we'll put the capacity in place if necessary to capitalize on that growth. But that's the one that stands out. Other than that, the supply-demand balance is manageable. But as Michael alluded to a couple of questions ago, we do hope to deploy some more capital and get back up towards that 4% of sales number to capitalize on the growth opportunities that we're seeing.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today. I'll now turn the call back over to the presenters for the closing remarks.
Ronald Delia: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call today, for your interest in Amcor and for your questions. We'll close the call now. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-02-03 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Amcor Half Year 2021 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Tracey Whitehead, Global Head of Investor Relations. Ma’am, please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Amcor's first-half earnings call for fiscal 2021. Joining the call today is Ron Delia, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, our Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'm directing your attention to our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, where you'll find our press release and presentation which will be discussed on the call today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and the presentation. Also a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the Company made during this call are forward-looking and may subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from historical, expected or predicted results due to a number of factors. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our statements on 10-K and 10-Q forms to review these factors. With that, I'll hand over to Ron.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks, everyone, for being with us today to discuss Amcor’s first-half results for the 2021 fiscal year. We appreciate you taking the time and making the effort to join the call. As Tracey mentioned, joining me on the line today is Michael Casamento, Amcor’s CFO, and we’ll start with some brief prepared comments before we take your questions. But the first place we'll start on Slide 3 is with safety, and everything we do at Amcor starts with safety. And this year, of course, we are also focused on keeping all of our coworkers healthy as well. And over the last 12 months, our COVID protocols have enabled us to do just that while also keeping our plants running to supply our food and healthcare customers around the world. And despite the added challenges of operating during the pandemic, our safety performance has continued to be a real highlight. Across the company, we reduced the number of injuries by almost 30% during the first-half, and all of our business groups had fewer injuries compared to the first-half last year. And we are also pleased to report that over half of our sites around the world were injury-free for at least 12 months. So we still have not reached our goal of no injuries, but we need to acknowledge the commitment and focus of all of our coworkers to keeping each other healthy and also safe, especially in the current environment. Our key messages for today are set out on Slide 4. First, Amcor had a strong first-half of fiscal 2021 ahead of our expectations, balanced across all businesses and regions. And that strong first-half translates into higher expectations for the full-year on the back of strong momentum in the base business. And so the second key message today is that we've raised our outlook for EPS growth for full-year fiscal 2021 to 10% to 14% on a constant currency basis. Third, we are also increasing cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and $200 million of additional share repurchases. And the fourth point is that we continue to believe Amcor has never been better positioned from an investment case perspective. And I'll spend a few minutes explaining why we believe that before I turn it over to Michael, who will describe the recent results in more detail. Slide 5 is a simple snapshot of Amcor today and understanding who we are and what we do has to be the basis for understanding that investment case. The company has been around a long time, over 160 years, and is now the global leader in consumer packaging. And Amcor is a truly global company with scale positions in every major region, including over $3 billion of annual sales in faster-growing emerging markets, where we also have leadership and scale positions. Essentially, all of our sales are the fast-moving consumer and healthcare segments. And the healthcare business now generates around $2 billion of sales each year to the medical device and pharmaceutical markets, which are among the most attractive places to play in the packaging industry. And finally, regardless of whether they are operating in developed or emerging markets or in consumer or healthcare segments, all of our businesses go to market with differentiated innovation capabilities, which are increasingly valued by our customers as they look for packaging to meet shifting consumer needs around the world. Slide 6 is another quick snapshot, this one to highlight Amcor’s performance and track record over the last 10 years. And we've maintained, as a starting point, a consistent investment-grade capital structure, despite several transformational transactions and we've driven consistent sales and earnings growth, and always had high cash conversion. And that cash flow has funded capital investment in the business in close to 30 acquisitions over this time period, along with share repurchases and a growing dividend with an attractive yield. And added together and shareholders have been rewarded as well as the company has delivered consistent operating performance. Now going forward, we expect our operating performance and cash flow to remain at least the strong and our approach to allocating that cash is set out on Slide 7. This is not new. There is no changes here to this framework, but it's worth just reviewing. We consistently generate significant free cash flow every year. And this year, our free cash flow will be nearly $1.1 billion and that number will grow over time. And that cash flow will comfortably support reinvestment in the business as well as M&A or share repurchases. And in addition, we will continue to pay an attractive and growing dividend, which has historically yielded between 4% and 5%. Taking together, the EPS growth and dividend yield should result in 10% to 15% of shareholder value each year. And so while we've been delivering returns to shareholders at this level for a long time now, momentum is building in the business and we believe this is a special time for the company and our investors. Slide 8 is the slide we shared last year at our investor briefing and it remains relevant today. And we believe that the Amcor investment case is as strong now as it's ever been and we set out the reasons why in this slide. And several of the points I've made already, global leadership positions, consistent growth from attractive markets, strong balance sheet and cash flow to fund growth and dividends and a consistent track record, and they're all important features of our investment case, but we also believe that momentum matters in business. And in that respect - in that respect, the last point on the slide might just be the most important. Momentum has been building across the Amcor over the last couple of years and we expect it to continue. And that should be clear from our recent performance, including the first-half result and the increased full-year guidance that we are announcing today. At the core of our investment case is the consistent organic growth Amcor generates in several ways as set out on Slide 9. The starting point for the organic growth is the mix of growing end markets we play in and that's especially true in emerging markets. We've had a long history of profitable participation and profitable growth in emerging markets and high-impact locations like China and India continue to grow sales and profit at impressive rates, including in the most recent half. Managing our sales mix across higher-value, more packaging-intensive consumer end markets like protein and premium coffee and more differentiated product types like hot-fill containers or barrier films drives consistent margin expansion and volume growth over time. And we have a global healthcare business approaching $2 billion in sales from every region in the world and across the pharmaceutical and medical device segments. Innovation is also an important growth driver for Amcor and probably the area where we are the most differentiated from our competition. Our customers are launching new products in Amcor packaging regularly. We've highlighted a few examples here of new and actually more sustainable products commercialized in recent months, including an extension of our HeatFlex family of products with a world's first microwavable recycle-ready pouch for food and some premium coffee packaging using a bio-based polymer. And finally, a common thread that cuts across all of what we do is sustainability, which we believe is Amcor’s greatest opportunity for growth and differentiation. A few more comments on Slide 10 to describe our comprehensive sustainability agenda, which includes our products, but also our factories. Of course, we're deeply committed to the idea of responsible packaging and we're working with our partners upstream and downstream to address concerns about packaging waste in the environment. We've stepped up to take a leadership role in the development of responsible packaging, which we believe requires three things. The first is package design, which accounts for the full product life cycle in addition to the end-of-life or waste profile. And Amcor is uniquely positioned here with leading R&D and innovation capabilities to handle the packaged design requirements and we pointed out some examples already in this presentation. The other two requirements for responsible packaging required collaboration with others across our value chain and Amcor has been active in that way as well to help drive improvements in waste management and consumer participation. A couple of examples over the last six months help highlight that work. In one case, Amcor has joined with 35 leading brands and retailers in the consumer goods forum in a CEO-led initiative to develop packaged design rules to deliver packaging that's easier and more cost-effective to recycle. And another example, we've extended our work with the Carbon Trust to launch a label that can be printed on pack to indicate reduced CO2 intensity and provide greater transparency to the carbon footprint reductions enabled by our packaging. And the value created through our work in these initiatives and the progress we've made across a range of other ESG areas, including our EnviroAction program in all of our plants to drive greenhouse gas reduction, waste and water reduction continues to be recognized by leading independent organizations, most recently MSCI and Dow Jones. Turning now to a summary of our first-half results on Slide 11. We had strong earnings growth with EPS up 16% in constant currency terms, including 7% organic growth and strengthened both the Rigid Packaging and Flexible segments. Demand for our products remained balanced across the regions and businesses, resulting in volume and sales growth in every region and 3% for Amcor overall. The execution discipline and operating performance of the businesses drove cost performance, which also contributed to the organic profit growth. Roughly 6% of the EPS growth came from synergies from the Bemis acquisition, which was ahead of expectations, and cost synergies totaled an incremental $35 million pretax during the half. And lastly, benefits from share repurchases accounted for the remaining EPS growth. Free cash flow was in line with expectations and our balance sheet remains strong and the company returned $450 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the first six months. Strength in the underlying business also enables us to increase cash returns to shareholders for the balance of the year. The Board declared a quarterly dividend of $11.75 per share, which is higher than the prior year. And we announced today an additional $200 million of share repurchases, bringing the total announced this year to $350 million, which we expect to complete during the remainder of FY2021. The key theme enabling the strong performance in the half across the company has been the ability of every one of our businesses to execute and outperform against the things that are within our control, despite an incredibly challenging in volatile external environment. Safety, working capital, cost synergies, cost performance innovation, in all of those areas the execution has been outstanding and we could not be more pleased with the performance of our teams through the first six months of the year. The key message here is that Amcor had a strong first-half with results ahead of expectations and we have an improved outlook for the full-year and increased dividends and share repurchases to go along with it. With that, I'll hand over to Michael to provide some additional color on the financial performance to the half year and the outlook for the rest of 2021.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron, and hi, everyone. I'll start with some comments on the Flexible segment on Slide 12. Overall segment volumes were 2% higher than the prior year. As Ron mentioned, demand has been broad-based with growth across all regions in the low-to-mid single-digit range. From an end market perspective, we've seen solid growth in food, pet food and beverage categories. And this was partially offset by lower volumes in certain healthcare end markets driven by reduced elective surgery rates and lower prescription trends. Higher volumes were partially offset by unfavorable price mix, resulting in net sales being 1% higher than the first-half of last year, excluding the unfavorable impacts of currency and the pass-through of lower raw material costs. Adjusted EBIT for the period grew 9% in constant currency terms and margins expanded by 110 basis points driven by the higher volumes, strong operating cost performance and $30 million of cost synergy benefits, which I'll come back to in a moment. Particularly pleasing to see the strong performance of the Flexibles business is continuing to improve as we extract benefits from the Bemis acquisition, deliver innovative new products to support customer growth and operate our plants efficiently. Now turning to Slide 13 and synergies. So in terms of cost synergies related to the Bemis acquisition, the ability to continue delivering benefits from overhead reduction, procurement and adjustments to our operating footprint has been exceptional, despite the need to address some additional challenges prevented in a current environment. As Ron mentioned, we are tracking ahead of expectations with $35 million of benefits included in our first-half results. And given the strong progress we have made across the range of synergy projects in the last six months, we now expect to deliver approximately $70 million in fiscal 2021, which is at the top-end of our previous guidance range. This means at the end of this fiscal year, we'll have reached $150 million of cumulative benefits. We also have good visibility to remaining initiatives, which leaves us very confident with regards to our original expectation of $190 million in cumulative benefits by the end of fiscal 2022. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 14. In summary, the business delivered another outstanding result with organic growth driving year-to-date earnings of 10% higher than the same period last year. Sales growth included a 6% increase in volumes as well as a 4% price mix benefit, including higher price to recover cost inflation in Latin America. Volume performance continues to be strong in North America and mix is positive. Beverage volumes were up 9% compared with last year and hot fill container volumes were up 19%. There's been strong consumer demand across all beverage segments, particularly in hot fill categories, including juice and sports drinks where Amcor also benefited from favorable customer mix. The strong demand reflects higher at home consumption of packaged beverage products. And this has been supported by the work brand owners have done to increase the availability of multi-packs across the wider range of product categories and through the launch of innovative brand extension and new health and wellness oriented product in PET containers. Specialty container volumes were also higher as a result of continued growth in spirits, personal care and home cleaning categories. As a partial offset, volumes are marginally lower in Latin America. This represents a sequential improvement in trends generally improved through the current half. While we saw a higher volumes in Brazil, Central America and Argentina, month-to-month variability continues and performance remains mixed by country in the regions. Strong overall EBIT growth of 10% reflects good leverage from the 6% volume growth and favorable mix across the business partly offset by higher labor and transportation costs in North America, which were incurred in order to service the higher demand. So overall, we are happy with the performance of this business during the half year. I believe we are well positioned to support customer needs and deliver continued growth. Moving to cash flow and shareholder returns on Slide 15. Adjusted free cash flow of $276 million was higher than the prior year, excluding approximately $50 million of U.S. cash tax payments that were deferred under the CARES Act from Q4 2020. And as a reminder, our cash flow is seasonally weaker in the first-half of the fiscal year and this outcome was in line with our expectations, which believes us on track to deliver more than a $1 billion in this financial year. We remain focused on improved working capital management and execution has been strong across all businesses with our rolling 12-month average working capital sales ratio continuing to improve closing at 8.2% of the sales at the end of December. This represents more than a $300 million reduction in average working capital over the last 18 months since the Bemis acquisition. Our financial profile remained strong and leverages 2.9x on a trailing 12-month EBITDA basis, which is in line with where we would expect to be at this time in the fiscal year. As Ron mentioned, with strong annual cash flow and an investment-grade credit rating, the business has significant capacity and flexibility to invest in the many growth opportunities available to us as well as increased returns compared to a growing dividend and further share repurchases. In terms of the outlook for fiscal 2021 full-year on Slide 16, the strong start for the year through solid volume-driven organic growth and synergy outperformance, as well as the momentum we see in the business are the two factors which have given us the confidence to rise our 2021 full-year guidance for the second consecutive quarter. We expect the business will continue to execute, deliver further synergy benefits and grow organically as a global supplier for essential consumer and healthcare products. However, we are also maintaining a reasonably wide range of outcomes for the remaining six months of our fiscal year, which is appropriate given the ongoing uncertainty and complexity related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We now expect constant currency EPS growth range of 10% to 14%, and while we continue to expect adjusted free cash flow between $1 billion to $1.1 billion, we see more opportunities to deliver cash flow towards the top half of that range. To recap, the business is performing very well. Growth from organic sources and synergies is strong. Our financial profile remains solid, and we are positioned to deliver another year of EPS growth in 2021, which will be ahead of our original expectations. So with that, I'll hand it back to Ron.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Michael. Just in closing our opening remarks today and come back to where we started, Amcor had a strong first-half to the 2021 fiscal year with results ahead of our expectations and growth balanced across the businesses and regions, and the strong start and momentum in the business has translated into higher expectations for the full-year and we raised our outlook for fiscal 2021. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and an additional $200 million of share repurchases, and we continue to believe that the Amcor investment case has never been stronger with consistent organic growth and momentum building, substantial capacity to invest to grow and also to maintain an attractive dividend. With that, operator, we'll open the line up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Keith Chau from MST Marquee. Your line is now open.
Keith Chau: Good morning or good evening, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question, Ron and Michael. The first one is just on that hot-fill product category. The numbers just seem to be a belief in the second quarter, volumes up 19% in first-half 2021, up 12% in the first quarter. So the implied numbers going into the second quarter with north of 20% or close to the mid-20s. So I'm just wondering if you can give us a sense of, has there been anything in particular that's driven that whether there has been a pull-forward of volumes? How sustainable you think that is going into the balance of the year, please?
Ronald Delia: Yes. No, it’s a good question. It's a real highlight. Look, I think, as we look across the business, that is a standout in terms of volume. I think there's a couple of things going on there. Firstly, retail sales are very strong and our volumes track pretty closely to what we're seeing at retail for some of the main categories that we supply hot-fill containers for. So hot-fill juices, iced teas, isotonics, those categories have been very strong throughout the whole first-half and especially in the second quarter. I think it's a combination of things, Keith. There's some additional sales going through multi-packs and big box retailers, which are certainly helping. There's an introduction of the new products. Our customer mix has been quite favorable and I think all of those things are contributing. I mean, clearly, these are higher growth rates than we would normally see. This is a segment that should grow kind of low-to-mid single digits. So it’s a particularly strong period.
Keith Chau: And Ron, do you think that particular stream can carry through into the third and fourth quarters or at least the third quarter? Things are pretty hard to get a handle on under the consumer backdrop at the moment, but is there something that you're seeing persisting into the third quarter already?
Ronald Delia: Look, I think some of the things that I mentioned will persist for a while, but not at this level, Keith. I think, as we look around demand patterns, there's a couple of anomalies that stand out for us. On the negative side, we've had soft healthcare volumes across the business. On the positive side, we've had strong beverage volumes. Both of those have to be influenced to some extent by at-home consumption and other COVID-related factors. So it's very difficult to predict that aspect of it. But I think some of the underlying trends around new product launches, multi-pack sales, some of our particular customers gaining share, those things we would expect to continue. But all of that is incorporated into our overall guidance for the full fiscal year.
Keith Chau: Okay. Thank you. And then my second question is just on Bemis synergies. They continue to track ahead of expectations or at least up to the top end. And I think momentum in both FY 2020 and the first-half of 1H – sorry, first-half of FY 2021 still remains pretty strong. So it seems like almost a foregone conclusion that the total target could be upgraded at some point in time. I know that hasn't been done at this juncture. But can you give us, I guess, a sense Ron or Michael on where, I guess, our synergies are overachieving relative to expectations?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, to the first part of your question, I might just address first. I think, we feel increasingly confident about the $180 million that we committed to. So I think we would expect to exit at the end of this fiscal year, we would be exiting at a run rate that would be at that level. Now it's also getting increasingly difficult to pull apart what’s the synergy versus what's the base business driver. I mean, as you can imagine, the businesses are completely integrated now. As far as what's driving the performance, generally speaking, I think we've probably exceeded our expectations across the three big cost synergy buckets. So overheads, which came out faster and probably yielded a bit more benefit than we would've thought that the procurement savings have been higher than we would have expected, and footprint which is building momentum is also positively contributing. And I guess if we're thinking about this year, in particular, we've gotten some more footprint benefits than we thought we might be able to given the COVID backdrop, which makes those projects difficult to execute.
Keith Chau: Great. Thanks very much. I leave it there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal. Your line is now open.
Mark Wilde: Yes. Congratulations, Ron, Mike and Tracey. Very nice start to the year. Mike, I wondered if – sorry, Ron, I wondered if there's any way you could help us think about sort of how much of the strength you think is tied to more food-at-home kind of a COVID-related issue because we are seeing most consumer packaging companies report very good volumes over the last couple of quarters. So when you just think about your portfolio, how do you think about what's kind of being driven by COVID versus just the underlying business?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, that's the question, Mark. And we - like everyone else, we spend a lot of time trying to unpack that. And the conclusion we've come to is that, we really had no net impact one way or the other. And the way we get there, if you just take the big chunks of drivers, we've had a lot of extra costs in the business and increasingly so as we've continued to operate. And we've had lots of folks out on quarantine. We've had lots of overtime to backfill those people. We have lots of extra shipping going around in the rigids business. So there's a lot of costs to be born in this environment, first of all. And then the offset to that is obviously some stronger volumes in certain segments like the beverage segment that we talked about a minute or two ago. The offset is, commercially is healthcare, which is a really high-margin, attractive profitable segment for us has been really soft. Medical device consumption generally has been very low with less elective procedures, surgeries, and otherwise prescriptions have been way down, and so the sales in that healthcare business have been way off. So higher costs in many parts of the business, some strong sales in some segments like beverage, offsetting some weak sales in medical and pharmaceutical, the net-net of all those puts and takes as we look at the business is really not much. And 3% sales growth is not too far off where we've been historically. We've been at about 2% over the last five or six years, and the profit growth is flowing from that, plus the cost performance and synergies in the business. So I mean, we do a lot of work on this and there's a lot of interest in it, but our conclusion is there's really no net impact.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then for my follow-up, I wondered, Ron, if you could just give us a kind of a quick lay of the land for plastic packaging in your key markets from a political and regulatory environment. It seems like in the short-term, you've benefited because people have kind of moved to kind of more single use products. I mean, we aren't seeing people here in the states go to the grocery store with kind of a returnable bags anymore. But at the same time, it seems like from a medium-term perspective, we are seeing kind of more discussion in Europe and even here in the U.S. to some degree of producers having to fund sort of end-of-life solutions to packaging and that winds up getting embedded in the cost. So maybe if you could just give us a sense of kind of what you're seeing from a political and regulatory standpoint in just your main markets?
Ronald Delia: Yes. I mean, I’ll start with that part of your question. You asked about the political environment. I would maybe broaden that to just say the general environment, political, consumer, customer and otherwise. I mean, the short answer I would give you is, you asked how we see that environment evolving. And the short answer I would say is, it's improving and it's improving for a couple of reasons. One that you highlighted already, which is that I think the value of packaging and the role it plays in food and healthcare has become even more evident over the last 12 months. I don't know that we need to spend a lot of time explaining that. But I think the idea of packaged food is clear, I think, the distribution of medicines, and now we see vaccines and how important packaging is and the delivery devices are in that process. So I think the value of packaging has increased in the eyes of pretty much any observer. As it relates to plastic, I think the other thing that's happening, which is quite helpful is an increasing focus on greenhouse gases and climate. And I think as people and stakeholders get more and more educated holistically on the environmental impacts of different types of packaging, I think increasingly, plastic scores pretty well. And that's why we continue to see our customers very focused on finding better alternatives for the end-of-life of their packaging. But increasingly focused on doing what they're doing today with lighter weight and better functionality. I think that the point you made about funding waste collection, extended producer responsibility, things like that, that has a role because clearly, we need the waste management infrastructure in place around the world to address the waste problem that we have, and that needs to be funded. And there are good successful models where funding that's generated through EPRs goes directly to waste infrastructure and can certainly help alleviate the problem. There's nothing wrong with that. We're in favor of well-designed EPRs. And as long as they're focused and we targeted at the right level of infrastructure. So generally speaking, the environment has improved. We expected to continue to improve as people get more educated on the total topic.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's really helpful, Ron. Thanks very much. I will turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. Thank you. Good day, everybody. I guess going back to Rigids, Ron, I mean, 10% sales growth, 6% of which was volume, 4% price mix. Why didn't that translate into a higher realization in terms of EBIT growth? I know it's very respectable at 10%, but just curious if something in terms of incremental cost held that number back?
Michael Casamento: Hi there. It’s Michael here. I can probably take that one. Look, we're really pleased with the overall performance of Rigids for the half. As you said, the volume growth was 6%. We had some price mix benefit, largely that was recovery of inflation in Latin America. So when you see that then the leverage through the P&L, we grew 10% for the half. So we're pretty pleased with that. Some of the – we had positive mix as well in the hot fill container business. The offset really which Ron has touched on this before, as we did have some higher operating costs during the period just to deal with that, that’s really strong demand both in labor and then shuttling and freight costs around the network just to be able to meet the demand for our customers. So putting that all together, we were really pleased with where the growth ended up for the half in the Rigids business.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. Thanks for clarifying. And then if we switch to Flexibles, it looks like volumes were relatively even for your first two quarters. And I think you mentioned Europe picked up as the second quarter unfolded. Was the increase in Europe due to the expanded lockdowns as the quarter unfolded? And was it the same case in North America as well? And just more broadly, how do you expect volumes to play out for the segment during the back half of your fiscal year? Thanks.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Volumes were very comparable from Q1 to Q2. There was a bit of momentum picking up into Q2, particularly in Europe, where we had more of a sluggish Q1, I would say rather than an extraordinary Q2. We're in the low-single digits across both quarters. And we would expect that to continue into the second-half. Again, I think, when you net it all out to healthcare softness more than offset any extra volumes in some of the food segments, and so the low single-digit performance that we had in the first-half is more or less what we would expect to see in both of those big businesses.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Purtell from Macquarie. Your line is now open.
John Purtell: Good evening, Ron. How are you?
Ronald Delia: Hey, John.
John Purtell: Just a couple of questions there. Yes, just in terms of raw materials, obviously you've seen some decent uplift in or related costs coming through at least on a spot basis. And then what was the impact on rural mix or from rural mix in the second quarter and how you are expecting that to play out through Q3 and Q4?
Ronald Delia: Yes. John it’s a good question. It was definitely a modest headwind in the Flexible segment. We have no impact really in Rigids because the pass-through mechanisms are quite frequent. But in Flexibles, our raw material pass-through is going to affect every three to six months. And so we did have a bit of a lag in the first-half, really in the second quarter, relatively modest. And we would expect some continued headwinds into this quarter, but again, that's factored into our guidance. And then you know from looking at this over time, the pass-through and recovery mechanisms are well-refined in Amcor. Any impacts we have positive or negative are just timing.
John Purtell: Thank you. And just a second question coming back to Rigids and the higher transport and labor costs you are seeing, I mean, presumably those will normalize as demand comes back to some level of train. But if demand does stay high and therefore, cost stay high, are you able to recover those because it does appear there was a limited pass-through in this period?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, John, I think it would depend on what the costs were and what the reason was. I mean, typically, with demand that the level that we had this period there is some shuttling and moving around the network that we have to do to meet the customer demand. And from a labor standpoint, as Ron touched on, part of that was due to higher absentee levels, typically in Q2, due to COVID. So you'd expect perhaps some of that normalizes over time and would have less and less of an impact. But regardless, when you have strong demand like that, you are going to see some cost increase.
John Purtell: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Ron just on sustainability, you continue to talk about sustainability is the greatest growth opportunity for the business. Well, I'm just trying to understand, do you think sustainability will allow you to take share and improve mix and basically grow stronger than – and if it wasn't a focus area or do you think it’s a necessary thing we could do just to hold sharing and keep yourselves where it is, I guess over the next five years when you're looking to reach those target? Thanks.
Ronald Delia: Brook, we would think for the foreseeable future, it's a share opportunity and a margin opportunity. And that's because of the differentiation that we're going to bring to the more complicated aspects of the whole equation. So when we look at some of the products we've launched in the last three, four or five months that are more sustainable. If we look at the reportable pouch for pet food, and then the human food version that we launched with Mars for microwavable rice, I mean, that's just a different better mouse trap. And we've got the only product on the market that's got that sustainability profile. So clearly there's an opportunity there to take share. There's also obviously a higher level of value that's delivered to the customer in those two instances. We've got a PVDC-free shrink film called Eco-Tite, which is another example for protein. I mean, again, all of these – the more differentiated they are, the more opportunity for share, and ultimately margin for the foreseeable future. There'll be a point down the road – well down the road where some of those types of products will be expected. But certainly in the short and medium-term, and for as long as we can see, we're going to have a big advantage that should turn into some commercial benefits.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Yes. And I guess just wondering if you think at some point should be able to frame up that opportunity and provide some sort of targets or pull apart in your financials where the benefits going true, or does it all just kind of get washed up and then we can just talk about it qualitatively?
Ronald Delia: Well, I think you're going to see it continue to flow through the sales line, and I think you're going to continue to see margin expansion, and that will be a more meaningful part. Sustainability dimension of our products will be a more meaningful part of the topline as well as the margin line. At the same time, we'll be managing the mix and we'll be exiting certain products as well. And so I think it will come out in the wash, but it clearly sets us apart from our competition and that's got to be nothing, but positive from a commercial perspective.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Last one for me, maybe just for Michael, just having a look at corporate costs looks like in the half steps up from the sort of $35 million in prior period to $48 million, and despite some synergy there in the current quarter. So an underlying increase there in corporate. And just wondering if you could [indiscernible] and what's driven that increase.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, it's largely fading, Brook. It was particularly in Q1 where we had some higher cost from a fading standpoint around insurance claims and just timing of management incentives and the like. As we look forward, we'd expect that to more normalize. The full-year level, we're not providing guidance. We'd expect corporate cost to be – they're about perhaps slightly higher than last year on the back of inflation and other things. But generally speaking, we expect a more normalized view of the timing year-end.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kyle White from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Kyle White: Hey, hope everyone is doing well. Thanks for taking the questions. Just to focus on the EPS guidance raised. Two consecutive quarters where you’ve raised the guidance here. Yes, your free cash flow has remained unchanged both times. Just curious what the offset is. Is it working capital with kind of the increases we have in resin or is it something else there?
Michael Casamento: Yes, I can take that one. To your question, I think, look, we've given a relatively wide range on the cash flow of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. With these guidance upgrades, what we're seeing is that we would expect now probably more to be at the upper end of that $1 billion to $1.1 billion range. So we haven't raised the guidance at this stage, we'd say we're going to be at the upper end of that range. If that changes, we'll come back to you.
Kyle White: Sounds good. And I want to focus on the recycled resin. I think you're pushing towards 10% of your resin purchase or consumable being a post-consumer recycled resin by 2025. Are there any limitations on how high this could be as a proportion of your overall resin by in terms of maintaining the integrity and characteristics of certain packages, it's probably the most applicable to your Rigids here. And then I hear from recyclers is that really just isn't the end market demand for PCR necessarily, but on the other hand, it seems consumers want more sustainable products. So I'm just kind of curious what's the disconnect here?
Ronald Delia: That would be a good question. I think there's incredible demand for PCR. In fact, you asked about limitations and you went to the technical thresholds. And the answer to that one is really, there are no technical thresholds, Kyle. We're making containers pretty much for every segment now and a 100% PCR in the Rigids business. The consumption of recycled resin in the Rigids business has dramatically increased in the last 18 months, even despite the COVID backdrop. So we’ve gone from about 4% or 5% of the resin that we processed to exiting December at about 10% of the total resin that we processed in that business. And that number will go up again by June. So there really is no limit. There is no technical limit to the amount of recycled content we can use in a container. We're making plenty with all PCR. The constraint maybe at a point in time, not too far into the future limitation on supply. And so we along with our customers and consumers is back obviously are sending every demand signal possible that there is going to be an appetite to source PCR. So I'm not sure where the disconnect is.
Kyle White: Got it. Is there maybe – from a cost standpoint, what's the differential from using virgin over PCR?
Ronald Delia: Well, it is a premium at the moment and there typically has been, but there's also a value premium as well. And so I think there’s the cost plus aspect to the pricing mechanism, but more importantly, this is going to be an expected input to the end product that we're making and that our customers are packaging their products. And so I think it's – I wouldn't want to say it doesn't matter what the cost is, clearly it will. But there is a premium, I think there's a demonstration in practice that there's a willingness to pay that premium.
Kyle White: Yes. I’ll turn it over. Good luck to the next and the balance of the year.
Ronald Delia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Thanks for the details. Congratulations on the progress so far. Ron, I wanted to hit a little bit on the new products to the extent that you can, recognizing that they are by definition smaller and perhaps the growth that you're seeing in them is not meaningful. Can you talk maybe qualitatively or as much as you want to quantitatively about, what you're seeing in terms of AmLite and some of the other products, the growth that you're seeing? And I was particularly interested in what you're seeing out of the Eco-Tite product and whether you're getting any measurable market share in the protein market with that film?
Ronald Delia: Yes. Those are really good examples of having a differentiated product and a differentiated offering that even the customers now are trying to reconcile and get their heads around in terms of what they can and can't do. The AmLite structure and the basic chemistry behind it, is got wide application. So we've launched the product for pet food first. And then we've also more recently announced the rice package that essentially uses similar technology. The demand has been really far exceeded our expectations. And now we're going to have to scale up the capacity which is a good thing to deliver against that demand. But it's a good example of solving the problem that didn't seem to have a really easy answer maybe 12 months ago for these big brand owners and also their smaller competitors. So I’d say watch this space on AmLite. There's incredible appetite not only from the European customer base where the product was first launched, but also around the world. India, Brazil, obviously North America, China, there are kind of advanced orders or a book build if you were taking place globally for that structure. On Eco-Tite, this is a recycle-ready structure, but maybe even more importantly, right now it's a PVDC structure or PVDC-free structure, sorry, for protein, which is also a major concern for many brand owners to get PVDC and chlorides out of their packaging. And so this one has been targeted at the European protein market. In the first instance, there's a lot of take up there where that material is of particularly high concern. It's pretty early days, but I would expect that demand to start to also come from the other regions of the world as well. So I mean you alluded to it neither of these products are going to change the overall revenue profile of the company in a given quarter, but over time, the cumulative momentum of products like these is going to help generate a good topline growth and good margin.
George Staphos: Thanks, Ron. My second question, if I look at the performance over the first six months, again, as you mentioned, it's inline or were ahead of your expectations. And you are performing well on any number of KPIs that you point to. When I look though at Flexibles, there was a little bit of deceleration in EBIT from the three month to the six month period, there was also a little bit of deceleration, even though I know you're raising your target for synergies. In the synergy momentum, it was $20 million in 1Q, it was $35 million through the six months. So if you can give us maybe a look underneath the hood with all the things that are going well for you in Flexibles, what's causing the minor deceleration that we've seen from three months to the six-month period? Thank you very much.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look George, the organic performance of the business is pretty similar from period-to-period. In fact, we had a modest pickup in the base business, organic growth let's say from Q1 into Q2. Q2 was modestly higher than Q1 from an organic growth perspective. I think what you're seeing is just the comp, just a year-on-year impact of the synergy capture, which in the prior year was three to six to nine months into the acquisition. And a lot of low hanging fruit drove higher synergy benefits in those first couple of periods. So we're just cycling higher levels of synergy in the prior year. And over time, that's going to continue to dissipate as a comp. But the organic performance of the business actually picked up a bit and we expect it to sort of stay at that level and build momentum through the second-half as well.
George Staphos: Thanks, Ron. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from Lawrence Gandler from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Larry Gandler: Thanks guys. Yes, lot of progress in the business. And Ron, you made such good progress with Bemis. I'm wondering why you guys are buying back shares. It seems for anybody born in the last century, the world's expensive except for the packaging sector, so I'm just wondering how you're feeling about valuations in the packaging sector. And it seems in congress that you're buying back shares when it seems like it's relatively inexpensive.
Ronald Delia: Yes. It's a great observation, Larry. First of all, you've watched this for a long time. We're active acquirers and we would expect to continue to acquire. So that's the first priority is to reinvest in the business, grow the business, continue to consolidate and acquire. And we're certainly going to get increasingly active as the Bemis integration and synergy capture comes to a close. And we'd be actively looking at it now as you'd imagine. And the benefit of doing a non-market buyback is flexibility. So if we were to come across an opportunity that required more capital, we could always suspend the share repurchases. Although, as you also know, most of the deals in our space are pretty small. So in all likelihood, we could fund acquisitions and continue the share repurchases. I think the last point I would make comes to the way you asked the question, which is around value. And I think, we would say as we look across the industry, yes, asset values are relatively high. But the best value in the industry right now is Amcor. And so what better time to buy shares in the company than right now, where we have clear line of sight into where the business is traveling and the momentum that the business had. So we would never try to be stock pickers here, but from a value perspective, we think Amcor is probably the best value in the sector at the moment.
Larry Gandler: Okay. And just a clarification on this first question because I want to answer the second one. Public company or private company, are you seeing any disparity evaluations there? To me, it seems like actually public company valuations might be more attractive than private company at the moment.
Ronald Delia: Look, there's not a whole lot of deals getting done, right? So the mark-to-markets, if you own the private assets, only happen when there's a transaction. There's been a lot of cross, I would say on the deals that have been done. So there are certainly asset prices that have been pretty high and the market will pay what the market will pay for a public equity. And I think it becomes more of a relative game in the public markets, relative attractiveness of the sector and the players in it to all the other alternatives in the public markets. And there's just a lot of excitement around certain growth segments that maybe seen more appealing to people at this point in time.
Larry Gandler: Okay. Thanks, Ron. Just my second question relates to some research I did back a couple months ago regarding small customers in U.S. And it seems to me that that's like a $5 billion market. To frame the question, you guys had as you disclosed in your Investor Presentation, some 6,000 small customers in Europe, but only 850 small customers in North America. So it seems like a big opportunity, any progress there in terms of addressing the small customer market more broadly and deeply in the U.S.?
Ronald Delia: Really good progress, and it is a great opportunity. I mean, you've flagged it. And we've also flagged it in different forums. We've been after it in Rigids for a long time in the regional beverage space. We continue to see double-digit growth from those customers. Flexibles, the legacy Bemis business had identified this as a market segment, if you will, that offers some really attractive characteristics, but they also continue to – that business also continues to generate higher than average growth, higher than the rest of the portfolio. I think as far as the impact on the overall result, you have – maybe there's the challenge of small numbers, but very high growth rates. So I would say watch this space over time, it continues to be a part of the market that we're excited about.
Larry Gandler: Okay. Thanks, Ron.
Operator: And your next question comes from Richard Johnson from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Richard Johnson: Thank you very much. Ron, my first question is just on R&D and I know you're spending, I think you stated, it’s roughly $100 million a year. I was wondering if you could sort of talk around where that's going? And what I mean by that is, if you would sort of put it into various categories, what percentage of that goes to film development or material science or product development and design and that sort of thing?
Ronald Delia: Yes. It’s a good question. If you break it down, I mean, I wouldn't give you a number, but what I would say is dramatically, a lot of the design work that we do is with customers. In many cases, we actually get reimbursed for that work. And there's a lot of activity in both Manchester, Michigan in the Rigids business, and in Wisconsin, in the Flexibles business in North America doing design work that has also at times been done by advertising agencies. So that's an increasing part of the activity, but also one that quite often we get compensated for. We also on the other end of the spectrum do advanced technology development on material science, films, barriers, and things that will benefit the business in the medium-term. And in the middle is where most of the spend is, which is application development and product development and product commercialization. If I was to use the 80/20 rule, I would say probably 70% or 80% of it is in that middle area.
Richard Johnson: Got it. That's super helpful. Thanks. And then, I just wanted to ask around – or try and get a sense of what your view is on the broader competitive environment. And the reason I ask that, and that's in Flexibles – the reason I ask that is as you made reference to your recyclable retort pouch that you're doing for Mars. But my understanding is they're all competing products that have been launched as well. So I'm just trying to get an understanding of, one, where you feel you are competitively and whether there's been any significant changes, and has anything changed in the industry, which has always been a case that technology hasn't always been a barrier of entry?
Ronald Delia: Well, I think it's becoming more of an increasing barriers to entry. There's a lot of announcements, particularly around sustainability and product attributes. There's announcements every week. And you could imagine that would be across all of those and also across what we believe to be that the makeup of some of those products. And we maintain that on the products that we've highlighted here today, that we have the only solutions in the marketplace that have the attributes that we described. So in terms of the broader competitive environment, nothing has changed of any substance. I think, it's never been a place where you see really rapid changes in the competitive set, and we're not necessarily seeing that today.
Richard Johnson: Got it. Just a really quick one in, just on the shareholder value creation model, which has obviously been in place for quite a number of years now. In the first few years of its existence, there was quite a good correlation between the TSR and the total shareholder return and the shareholder value accretion, that hasn't really been the case in the last few years. And I was just wondering from your perspective, what you think is missing.
Ronald Delia: I think that's the kind of thing that plays itself out over time. I mean, if you take up a 10-year view, it winds up actually pretty well. And we would expect over the following 10 years, it will line up pretty well again. From time-to-time, again, there's relative valuations in a public market that makes certain sectors and certain industries more or less attractive. I think there's a bit of that over the last few years as well as segments sectors like tech and others have really had incredible returns. So I would expect over time that to converge as they have historically.
Richard Johnson: Fantastic. Thanks, and well done on the results.
Ronald Delia: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Reilly from UBS. Your line is now open.
Nathan Reilly: Hi, Ron. Just a question just around manufacturing, actually, just in the context of some of the comments you made around the momentum that you're seeing in the business and picking up some of the volume growth, which we've seen this quarter as well. Do you just give a quick update just on where you're at from a manufacturing capacity and utilization point of view around the network at the moment, and just what you're thinking about sort of reinvesting in that network for growth in the near-term?
Ronald Delia: Well let me start with the first part, and then Michael can talk about the second part, which is around the reinvestment profile of that business going forward. I mean, look at the moment, we're at a comfortable utilization level and an efficient utilization level, probably with the exception of Rigids more recently as Michael alluded to. So when we talk about extraordinary costs to service, extraordinary demand, that is one of the outcomes of running a very, very high capacity utilization, probably too high over time. Now we don't expect that to continue as we've talked about. But other than that segment, and then the inverse would be true at healthcare where the demand has been soft. Generally speaking, we're running at a more normal level of utilization. And then as far as what does that mean for capital going forward, maybe Michael can talk to that point.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Sure, Ron. Yes, so look, I mean, capital expenditure, I think last year we spent around $400 million, probably that was a year after the acquisition, which probably was a little lighter than we normally have. Typically we invest around depreciation a little bit more depending on what the requirements were in any given period. But this year, look, we're expecting that probably around 10% above where we were last year. So around that $450 million range, and that's really taking into account some of those additional needs for growth CapEx across the network and new technologies as well. So I think as we look forward, that's kind of where we see the CapEx – in that $400 million to $500 million range, which we think is sufficient – more than sufficient to cover the expanding growth requirements and the technological advancement.
Nathan Reilly: Okay. Thanks for that.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Nathan.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. I'll hand it back to Ron Delia for closing remarks.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, operator, and thanks to the participants on the line for all the questions. Just to close off where we started, we had a strong first-half to fiscal 2021. Results are ahead of our expectations and performance balanced across the businesses. That start is translated into higher expectations for the full-year and so we've raised our outlook for fiscal 2021. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and $200 million of additional repurchases. And then we conclude with probably the most important point, which is that we continue to believe that the Amcor investment case has never been stronger. Thanks very much, operator. And with that, we'll close the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Whitehead - Amcor Plc Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John Purtell - Macquarie Group Salvator Tiano - Seaport Global Holdings LLC Brook Campbell-Crawford - JPMorgan Securities Australia Ltd. George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Johnson - Jefferies Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Corp. Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd. Keith Chau - MST Financial Services Pty Ltd. (Marquee Research)
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Amcor First Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracey Whitehead. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Tracey Whitehead - Amcor Plc: Thank you and welcome to Amcor's first quarter earnings call for fiscal 2021. Joining the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section, you'll find our press release and presentation which will be discussed on the call today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and related reconciliations can be found in the press release and presentation on our website. Also a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from historical, expected or predicted results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statements on Forms 10-K to review those factors. With that, I'll hand over to Ron.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thanks, Tracey. Thanks, everyone, for being with us today to discuss Amcor's first quarter results for our 2021 fiscal year. We appreciate you making the effort to join the call and as well for any of our team members are on the call who sometimes join and we appreciate their efforts as well which have been really outstanding over the start to the fiscal year. As Tracey mentioned, joining me on the line today is Michael Casamento, Amcor's CFO. And we'll start with some brief prepared comments before we take your questions. If I start with slide 3, everything we do at Amcor starts with safety. As you would know from those who have followed us before, safety is a value at Amcor, so the priorities in the business may shift from time to time, but our values remain consistent and safety would be the most important of those values and this year given the context around COVID-19, we're also clearly focused on keeping everyone on our team healthy as well. And as we continue to navigate the additional risk and complexity of operating during the ongoing pandemic, we remain confident and convinced that the protocols we implemented earlier this year in our facilities will enable us to continue to keep our co-workers healthy and keep our plants running as they have been thus far. With regard to safety in a more traditional sense, our recent performance continues to be a real highlight for Amcor through the first quarter. Across the company, we achieved a 30% reduction in the number of injuries compared to the prior year and over half of our sites were injury-free for at least 12 months. That's a significant achievement in our view particularly in the current environment and it's a direct result of the dedication, commitment and focus of our employees to keep themselves and their co-workers safe. Moving on to slide 4 and the key messages we have for today, first and foremost, we've had a strong start to fiscal 2021. We delivered outstanding results in the first quarter, which were ahead of our expectations and both segments produced strong organic growth. Our flexible packaging business is capitalizing on the strategic and financial benefits from the transformational Bemis acquisition. And the rigid packaging business is also building momentum with strong volume growth and cost performance. Second, the outperformance in the first quarter gives us the confidence to raise our outlook for fiscal 2021. We now expect adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 12% in constant currency terms and today we've also announced the dividend increase and a share buyback. And lastly the investment case for Amcor has never been stronger. In the near term, organic growth from our consumer and healthcare exposure should remain resilient, we'd deliver further acquisition synergies and we continue to offer an attractive dividend currently yielding more than 4%. In longer term, we're very well positioned. Momentum is building around innovations to deliver more sustainable packaging and we have a strong balance sheet an annual free cash flow of over $1 billion which provides the capacity to invest back in the business to pursue growth opportunities and to maintain an attractive dividend. Slide 5 provides a summary of our first quarter financial results and earnings growth was strong with EPS increasing 20% on a constant currency basis and that growth was really driven by three discrete components. The first, 8% of the EPS growth was organic which is a real highlight for both the flexibles and rigid packaging segments. On EBIT terms, organic growth in the flexible segment was more than 4% and all of the 7% growth in the rigid packaging segment was organic. And the strong performance in the operating businesses was partially offset by the phasing of some corporate expenses during the first quarter. Demand for our products remained resilient and we saw overall volume growth in North America and the Asia Pacific region while volumes in Europe were marginally lower than last year. There was also good leverage through to the bottom line which was enhanced even further by favorable operating cost performance. 7% of the EPS growth came from synergies resulting from the Bemis acquisition. We delivered an incremental $20 million in cost synergies during the period. And we're well on track for the full year. And third, the remaining 4% of the EPS growth came from the benefits of the share buyback that we completed in the last fiscal year. Free cash flow was also in line with our expectations and the business continue to make good progress on working capital and our balance sheet remains strong. The strength in the underlying business and financial position means we've also been able to increase cash returns to shareholders during the quarter. Today, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $11.75 per share continuing our long track record of dividend growth and we also announced plans to repurchase $150 million of shares. So, the key message here is Amcor had a strong start to the 2021 fiscal year with both segments delivering excellent results and building momentum. And with that, I'll hand over to Michael to provide some more color on the financial performance for the quarter and our outlook for 2021.
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Thanks, Ron, and hi everyone. I'll start with some comments on the flexible segment on slide 6. So, our overall segment volumes were 2% higher than the prior year with particularly good growth in North America and higher volumes in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region. This was partially offset by marginally lower volumes in Europe and unfavorable price mix in North America where – over the last quarter and relative to last year we saw some variable demand shifts across the portfolio. A combination of higher volumes and lower price mix resulted in net sales being 1% higher than last year excluding the unfavorable impacts of currency, the pass-through of lower raw material costs and the impact from divested businesses. The adjusted EBIT for the period grew 11% in constant currency terms and margins expanded by 140 basis points. This was driven by a combination of these higher volumes, synergy benefits and strong operating cost performance which mainly reflects productivity improvements and waste reduction. Overall, we're very happy with the performance across the flexibles business, which has been significantly enhanced as a result of the Bemis acquisition. Before moving to the rigid packaging segment, I'll provide a brief update on Bemis cost synergies on slide 7. As Ron mentioned, we delivered an incremental $20 million of synergies during the quarter which was in line with our expectations. Our teams remain resolutely focused on achieving our goals and we continue to see benefits accrued from flexibles G&A procurement and from the initial work we've undertaken on plant closures. The business outperformed against our initial synergy expectations last year and we are on track to meet our objective of $50 million to $70 million in cost synergies for fiscal year 2021. And we're well on our way to delivering $180 million by the end of fiscal year 2022, a milestone we remain confident of reaching. Turning to rigid packaging on slide 8. In summary, the business delivered an outstanding result with organic growth driving earnings 7% higher than last year. Sales growth included a 4% increase in volumes as well as 4% price mix benefit which includes higher pricing to recover cost inflation in Latin America. Volume performance was strong in North America and mix was positive. Beverage volumes were up 7% compared with last year and hot fill container volumes were up 12%. There was growth across most beverage segments on higher consumption of packaged beverage products and the launch of innovative new products in PET containers. Specialty container volumes were also higher as a result of continued growth in spirits, personal care and home cleansing categories. As a partial offset, volumes were lower with 3% lower in Latin America, and while this represents a sequential improvement performance continues to be mixed by country. As I mentioned, adjusted EBIT for the period grew 7% in constant currency terms. This reflects higher volumes, favorable mix and lower plant operating costs. This was partly offset by lower fixed cost absorption related to a demand-driven drawdown of inventories in North America. So overall, we are really happy with the commercial and cost performance of the business during the quarter and believe we are very well-positioned for continued growth. Moving to cash, balance sheet and currency on slide 9. Adjusted free cash outflow of $190 million was broadly in line with the prior year and within our expectations for the period. As a reminder, our cash flow is seasonally weaker in the first half of the fiscal year and this quarter also includes approximately $50 million of US cash tax payments that were deferred from Q4 in 2020. We remain focused on improving working capital management. And as you can see, momentum continued this quarter with our rolling 12 months average working capital to sales ratio at 8.8%, down from 9.5% at the end of June just past and 10.7% when we completed the Bemis acquisition back in June 2019. We continue to have a strong BBB, Baa2 investment grade balance sheet and leverage stands at 3 times on a trailing 12 month EBITDA basis, which is in line with the expectations for this time of the year. We have no material refinancing over the next 12 months and with this strong financial profile, Amcor continues to have significant capacity and flexibility to invest in many growth opportunities available to us. We've also highlighted our currency mix and the impact from currency movements in Q1 on this slide. While the net translation impact of currency movements was unfavorable during the current quarter, you can see it's been a result of significant depreciation in our basket of approximately 20 different currencies, which began to depreciate through the second half of last year, being partly offset by strength in the euro in the quarter. Which brings me to our outlook for the 2021 fiscal year on slide 10. Today, we have increased our guidance for constant currency EPS growth to a range of 7% to 12%, and we continue to expect adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1 billion to $1.1 billion. The strong start to the year and the momentum we see in the business are the two factors which have given us the confidence to raise our 2021 full year guidance. We expect the business to continue demonstrating resilience as a supplier for essential consumer goods, but we are also maintaining a reasonably wide range of outcomes for the remaining nine months of our fiscal year, which is appropriate given the ongoing uncertainty and complexity related to the COVID-19 pandemic. So in summary for me today, the business is performing well. Organic growth is strong, synergy delivery is on track, our financial profile remains solid, and we are positioned to deliver another year of EPS growth in fiscal year 2021, which is ahead of our original expectations. So with that I'll hand back to your, Ron.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thanks, Michael. Just picking up on slide 11, many of you will be aware, Amcor hosted an Investor Briefing a few weeks ago and this was an opportunity for several members of our management team to provide an overview of the company and to highlight our growth opportunities. And the materials from that briefing are available on our website. So I'd encourage anyone interested in learning more about Amcor to have a look. But the main theme of the event really was to outline our investment case. Why invest in Amcor? And before turning to the Q&A, I'll just take a couple of minutes to reiterate and reaffirm those key messages that we use to answer that question, and these are shown on slide 11. To start with, we're a global industry leader with a 160-year history, strong track record of performance and a clear strategy going forward. Organic growth has been very consistent as a supplier to stable end markets, and we have several levers to pull to continue to grow including product innovation and capitalizing on our leadership positions in faster growing emerging markets. Our dividend remains compelling and currently yields greater than 4% and that dividend will continue to grow. We have a strong investment grade balance sheet with substantial capacity to invest and no shortage of opportunities. And lastly we have momentum right now which is very clear in the results delivered today and we expect this to continue as we realize further synergy benefits and organic growth. So collectively these drivers have resulted in 10% to 15% of shareholder value each year that's EPS growth and dividend yield and we expect that to continue. Another way to look at this return is due to our shareholder value creation framework on slide 12. We generate strong cash flow from relatively defensive end markets and we redeployed that cash flow in the way as shown on the slide here through a combination of reinvestment in the business, M&A and share repurchases. We'd expect to generate 5% to 10% constant currency EPS growth and our dividend is growing and has historically yielded between 4% and 5% continues to be especially compelling in such a low interest rate environment. So again when you add these components together the outcome has resulted over the last six or so years in annual shareholder value of 10% to 15%. And we're very well positioned to continue that trend. One of the reasons we remain confident in that model that I just referred to is because of our sustainability agenda. And we believe without question, the sustainability will be the biggest organic growth opportunity in the business over time. It's part of our winning aspiration and our best opportunity to differentiate and it's our best opportunity for competitive advantage and ultimately to create shareholder value. We've developed a reasonably well-informed perspective over the years on the topic of sustainability and we believe we're uniquely positioned to leverage our scale and resources to help address growing consumer concerns about both climate change and waste. And we believe the best answer to addressing those consumer needs and sustainability concerns is responsible packaging, by which we mean a system based solution across three elements. First, packaging design which accounts for the full environmental impact including the carton footprint through the full product lifecycle. This would include packaging made from recyclable or compostable structures, packaging made with recycled material, packaging made with less material in the first place or reusable packaging. Second, the right waste management infrastructure whether it's recycling or composting facilities or returnable systems to enable the packaging to stay out of the environment. And lastly, consumer participation to properly reuse or disposed of packaging after its use. Amcor already offers a full range of responsible packaging options today, including packaging made from 100% recycled material or compostable packaging and packaging made from bio-based materials and we're continuing to make meaningful progress leading the way in defining and developing the innovative, more sustainable solutions our customers want and their consumers expect. A great example of a differentiated breakthrough innovation from Amcor is the AmLite HeatFlex product for retort, which we launched a few weeks ago. This is the world's first fully recyclable retort pouch, which Nestlé has introduced into the market for wet pet food. And there's a wide range of end market applications for this multilayer structure and we're really excited about the demand potential for this product over time. In summary on slide 16, Amcor has delivered an outstanding first quarter result, with both the flexibles and rigid packaging segments delivering strong organic growth and building momentum. On the basis of the strong start, we've raised our outlook for fiscal 2021. We've increased the dividend and we'll buy back shares and finally, the Amcor investment case has never been stronger, with resilient organic growth, further acquisition cost synergies, substantial capacity to invest to grow the business and to maintain an attractive dividend. With that operator we'll open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. On full year guidance, could you talk a little more about the drivers of the raise, is it fair to say that improved expectations around organic growth is the primary driver, are there others that you'd highlight? And then when you think about price mix for the year, are you thinking about that as a positive, neutral, negative kind of any color you can give there?
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Yeah. So I'll take the question on the guidance. So look the increase in the guidance really just reflects the increase in the performance in the first quarter which was ahead of our expectations. So we had – we were pleased with the performance on that front. In terms of the balance of the year, there's no real change in the range of outcomes that we anticipated back in August to what we see today. And so really the key driver was the Q1 performance, clearly we've got good momentum in the business and we're comfortable with where it's heading. So that gave us some confidence to raise the guidance.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then with regards to the mid-single-digit volume growth in North American flexibles, do you feel like you're growing faster than the market, was there any kind of comp issues that you'd flag to the extent that you're saying maybe higher level of demand in CPG categories, do you view that as maybe sustainable. I'm just wondering if you kind of frame the relative strength in North American flexibles because it's a bit better than what the business has done historically and I think what some of your peers are doing.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. I'll take that one, Anthony. Look first of all where was the strength in North America in flexibles, it was in some of the real important segments for us going forward; so meat, cheese, pet food, these are all high value added segments. Back to your question on mix, we also had growth in home and personal care which is important as well. I would say that our growth generally speaking is relatively consistent with some of the peers and customers that we track. But I do think that we're performing very well and not missing any opportunities to pick up business along the way. So look, we would expect the business over time to grow roughly with the market as we try to manage mix and optimize mix over time. And that's low-single-digit growth. That's what the expectation would be.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi everybody. Just as a follow up to Anthony's last question. Again, back to North American flexibles, was the trend line a mid-single-digit growth pretty consistent during the quarter? Are you seeing comparable momentum going into your second quarter? And then, you call it unfavorable mix for the region. Can you also expand on that? I assume it's partly healthcare weakness, but any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Look, I think generally speaking month-to-month, week-to-week volatility is still pretty high relative to historical patterns. I mean if I look at generally across Amcor and this would apply to North America too, we had a stronger July, a weaker August, probably a stronger September. It's a little early to talk about the second quarter, but things haven't really changed dramatically. So I'd say where we ended – mid-single-digits is pretty indicative of the exit run rate if you will. And then on the unfavorable mix comment, yeah, you picked up on the comment on healthcare. Healthcare volumes in North America are more weighted towards medical than pharmaceutical and medical sales have been slow and a lot of that material goes into the operating theater for elective procedures or just general healthcare consumption that sometimes a bit more discretionary. So you're not really surprised to see that but that's a negative mix impact for us.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then second question for the – in terms of your outlook for resin and just raw mineral prices more broadly specific to 2Q and possibly 3Q, there have been some substantial resin increases that have been implemented for example in North America, less so in Europe and also freight has picked up, a lot of your peers are calling that out in terms of incremental costs. So just have us – help us think through the margin paradigm for North America excluding the Bemis synergies which of course is very specific to you. Thanks.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Look I mean, maybe I'll just take the freight part, that's the easier one. Freight – most freight is passed through to the customer in this business. And so that's really a pretty benign input cost for us. So I wouldn't expect much material impact on freight in any parts of our business. Raw materials is obviously a big part of the cost of sales. It's 50% to 60% depending on the business of the sales line. And no question, we've seen relatively strong increases in several categories particularly in North America. The outlook is for moderation of those increases and more stability going forward. So we could have a little bit of a lag impact in the quarter coming second quarter but nothing that we would project to be material for the full year. And we factored in our outlook on raws around the world into the upgraded guidance today.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks so much, Ron.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from John Purtell with Macquarie.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: All good (23:51) hi Ron and Michael.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Hey John.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: I just had a couple of questions, thank you. Look, just in terms of emerging markets, it looks like sort of things are starting to – particularly in Asia starting to get back to traditional growth right there after some challenges. Obviously you sort of saw some decent growth in Asia and also in LatAm, just in terms of the drivers of that, Ron.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah, look it's a good pickup. We're pretty excited about the growth particularly in Asia. China, it seems to be tracking along at kind of mid-single-digits and India, which is a smaller base, up in the double digits. I think we're performing well in the market. I certainly don't think we're getting any help from the market. Those businesses especially India still – those economies are still somewhat constrained a bit by COVID and in Southeast Asia, in particular, some of the smaller businesses for us are continue to be constrained from COVID impacts. But generally speaking, I think we're executing well. I think the value proposition in those markets for Amcor as a blue chip global supplier with good technology, good business practices, product safety and all the things that have helped us grow over the last several decades, I think are true as much today as ever. And I think we're executing well.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: Thank you. And just in Europe, obviously so marginally lower volumes there, just to sort of understand the drivers of that, was healthcare also affected there, you also talked to lower closure volumes.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Look again pretty consistent with the peers and the customers that we track in that part of the world. Healthcare, a bit soft for the reasons that I referred to in North America, same applies in Europe. Closure businesses or the capsules business there is really levered to the champagne and spirits and wine segments which have been a bit soft. Nothing particularly out of the ordinary, but just for the 90-day period softer volumes in some of those segments.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: Okay. So – would you have an expectation that some of this still starts to sort of normalize out through the course of the year, it's probably hard to call, but do you see some of these are sort of there's a little bit of cyclicality there?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Look, I think it's a short period of time. And part of it is the summer months which are hard to read. What's very encouraging about our European business is the offset of mix because of the growth in the higher margin segments. So we had really strong growth in cheese, snacks, pet food, ready meals. And so, those segments creative mixed benefits to us. And we did a positive mix in Europe benefiting the bottom line in the quarter.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: Got it. Just last one if I can, in terms of the buyback, I mean is there anything to read into that as far as list M&A opportunities in the near-term (26:55) still pretty full.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: No, definitely not. I mean multiples are certainly full. That's a separate topic. We'd expect us to be acquisitive. But we monetize investment we had and realized some proceeds and we've simply redeployed those proceeds or simply announced an intention to redeploy those proceeds into share repurchases.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: Got it. Thank you.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is from Salvator Tiano with Seaport Global.
Salvator Tiano - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Yeah. Hi, Ron, Michael and Tracey. So first thing I wanted to clarify is if you can provide a little bit more color on that beverage strength? And in North America, the volume growth you saw was very strong, I would have thought that even with lockdown seizing (27:41) people are not going out as much and I know a lot of that beverages – the beverage packaging you make is for on-the-go consumption. So was there some inventory restocking there, some pent up demand from the prior quarter and generally any color would be very helpful?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Look, the business did have a good quarter. It's had volume growth like that before. So it's not unprecedented, but it certainly was strong. I mean, I think longer term, we would expect low-single-digit growth across that beverage space. That's what we've been seeing for a number of years and that's what we're expecting to continue. I would say we've benefited from good customer mix, some of our hot fill business in particular, grew quite well in the back of some strength from particular customers. And has there been any inventory restocking? It's possible. I don't know that that would be a material driver. When we look at retail sales in the period against our sales by segment, we see pretty close to match, it is possible there's a bit of inventory in there though because that number in hot fill of 12% is not what we would typically expect although not unprecedented.
Salvator Tiano - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. And my second question is a little bit on the M&A front, during the Investor Day also you said you are looking actively obviously your leverage allows that and you're over to one year into the Bemis acquisition, I was wondering would you consider expanding into areas beyond the traditional plastics? And I know it's a little bit unusual given that you did spun out everything for Orora, but you did talk a lot about paper, for example. So does something in the folding carton some space make sense to you at this point?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: First of all, yes, we are on the lookout for acquisitions and we have been acquisitive over the journey. I think we've done 25 or 30 deals in the last 10 years. The first priority just to be crystal clear is to complete the integration of Bemis in the in the flexibles businesses, which is a substantial part of Amcor. We're about 16, 17 months into that and we're not declaring victory yet, so that's the first priority. But we will keep our eyes out for deals. I wouldn't expect us to go outside of our current segment participation, our segment mix to the extent that we can build out the flexibles portfolio in Asia and bolt-on in some of the bigger markets. The rigid business in North America outside of beverage is a place that we find pretty attractive and we've been on the diversification path of our rigid business for the last five, seven years. So I'd like to be more active there. But I think the big constraint is likely to be valuations. Valuations are quite high and that doesn't seem to be abating. So we'll continue to be on the lookout. We'll be active, we have the balance sheet as you suggested. We'll have that management bandwidth in flexibles, I would say we have it already in rigids and we hope to be active.
Salvator Tiano - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Thank you very much.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brook Campbell with JPMorgan.
Brook Campbell-Crawford - JPMorgan Securities Australia Ltd.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just had one range – the targeted synergies there for this financial year. The range there – just trying to understand the focus of cost to sort of explain that range and trying to understand really what needs to happen to get to the top end there for FY 2021?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah, Brook, it's Ron. Let me try and I think I'm not sure I heard the question completely, but let me see if I've gotten it. So, question was about synergies this year, the composition of the synergy benefits and what would it take to get to the upper end of the range I think...
Brook Campbell-Crawford - JPMorgan Securities Australia Ltd.: Yeah, the range.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: ...yep. Okay. Good. So, the range for the year is $50 million to $70 million of the EBIT benefit. We've hit $20 million in the first quarter, so a little bit ahead I guess sort of pace. The composition through the quarter is a bit balanced between continued G&A reductions and procurement and a little bit of footprint. If we look out over the remainder of the financial year, we would expect – we went into the year expecting footprint to be a bigger component of that $50 million to $70 million. And so that often is the footprint initiatives often be dependent on our ability to execute and get to the sites that need to be rationalized, get OEMs and contractors and technicians out to those sites. And some of those things can be impeded with mobility restrictions and other implications of COVID. So, we've been a bit cautious with regard to that source of synergies and for us to get to the top end of that range, will require us to be able to execute unimpeded some of the footprint initiatives.
Brook Campbell-Crawford - JPMorgan Securities Australia Ltd.: That's very clear. Thank you for that. And then my second question just on – I might have missed this in the release. But any sort of guidance you can provide on corporate expense and interest for the full FY 2021 period would be great.
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Hi, Brook. It's Michael here. Look, we're not giving any specific guidance on those items, we gave – they're kind of all covered in the EPS range, so we put out there. I guess what I can tell you is if there was something materially different, we'd let you know, but I think so corporate expenses, we're on track and will be similar to prior year, perhaps a little higher. Interest, I think you've got to look at interest and tax on a combined basis. You saw in the quarter, we had some interest benefit there year-on-year with an offsetting tax. And that's going to be similar as we head our way through the year. So you'd expect that on an absolute basis, the spend in interest in taxes is going to be similar perhaps slightly higher than prior year. But I guess overall, that's all factored into our EPS guidance range.
Brook Campbell-Crawford - JPMorgan Securities Australia Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi everyone. Good day. Thanks for all the details. I wanted to drill into rigid packaging a little bit if we can go back to slide 8, guys. And so you mentioned very strong volumes in North American bev, hot fill up 12%, specialty up, you mentioned good mix. The volume growth and the mix considerations you mentioned would have normally led me to believe, you'd see a bit more incremental volume or – incremental margin 1Q versus 1Q. I think you said there was some absorption issue as well. Can you help me go from what was real good volume and good mix to 4% EBIT growth at the reported level and then I had a follow on.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Look, first of all the EBIT growth as we would look at it was 7% of the 4% volume and I mean really simply...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: ...really simply stated – I mean you pretty much called out the drivers. We had good mix in North America and good volume growth although the profit impact of that was tampered a bit by drawing out of inventories given the strength of those volumes. So you know that when you pull out of inventory you've got a bit of a negative impact there. So I would say that that normalizes over time (35:24)
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: What was that inventory factor if you could comment to that?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: George, I mean in the grand scheme of the whole financial year, not material. It's just – it would have held back the growth of a couple of percentage points potentially. And then you have to remember we also had negative volume growth in Latin America. We were down 3%. So those are the building blocks. The headline here though is this is a – this business is performing really well. It's very healthy and it's growing in the right segments.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate that. My other question is on sustainability and kind of a two parter if I could and I'll turn it over. First of all, from the work that you've done, what do you think or what are your customers telling you is most resonating with the consumer in terms of sustainability? Is it footprint? Is it recyclability? Is it light weight? I know it's going be all of the above. But if you had to pick one thing that right now is most resonating with the consumer what is it on sustainability? And on the AmLite, when that comes back – it's end of life story, what is that – what's occurring? Is that going back into polypropylene, recycling structure, how is that ultimately recyclable in a positive? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Thanks, George. Two really good questions. The first one is an excellent question because I think we've got to remember that the consumer ultimately has a massive role to play in this. They've got to participate at the end whether it's reusing something or composting it or recycling it. And there's a lot of – there's an expansive narrative in the space that covers a lot of different things. What seems pretty clear to us and to our customers and we have good insights here through a number of the organizations and associations that we sit side by side with the big brand owners on, that the consumer gravitates more towards recycling. And I think it's because it's the easiest thing for the consumer to get their head around. The idea to recycle something if the infrastructure exists is the easiest thing for the consumer to embrace. Composting can have a place, but that also requires infrastructure which is just less ubiquitous around the world and is a little complicated, if you think about the science of it. And the reuse systems while they have a place and they'll have a role and there's a lot of buzz about some of those reusable systems. We've not seen and we've done a bit of research – primary research on this ourselves. We've not seen lots of consumer take-up at scale on reusable systems. And I know that's not – doesn't make us popular necessarily with some of the rhetoric from the NGOs. But I think it's the reality. And if we want a better outcome here, we need to embrace what the consumer is interested in adopting. So that that would be the long answer to a short question. We would say it's recyclability, is the outcome that resonates most with the consumer. On AmLite HeatFlex really quickly, that's a multilayered structure which is constructed with basically the same base polymers which are consistent and allow it to be compatible with the polyethylene recycling stream that exists in places in Europe where that pouches is hit the market. So hopefully that answers the question on AmLite.
Operator: And your next question is from Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Richard Johnson - Jefferies: Thank you very much. And just a quick one to start with. Michael, could you clarify whether any of the $20 million incremental synergy was in the corporate line, please?
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: No, it was all in flexibles, Richard.
Richard Johnson - Jefferies: Fantastic. And then just on the topic of restructuring, if I look at your reconciliation table for adjusted EBIT and I look at the material restructuring and related costs, I was just wondering if you could just clarify whether the number in flexible is all Bemis related? And then talk a little bit around what's going on in – on rigid packaging because that number has obviously gone up a lot year-on-year. And I'm just interested to know as well, whether there's any footprint reduction across the group that's outside of the two effective restructuring programs we know about which is obviously Bemis synergies and the rigids restructuring? Thank you.
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Yeah, so I can take that one, Richard. So under flexibles, yes, that's all Bemis related. Under rigid packaging, yeah, I mean it's just a timing point around some of the actions we've taken relating to some of the G&A and the plant work that we've been doing. So we'll finish that program this year. We've only got really one site left to close on that front. So that'll be finished this year with full run rate by the end of the year as we exit the year, so that's covered off. And then, the...
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Plant closure (40:34)
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: ...yeah, we just had one – we had one plant closure during the period which we took in the EBIT line, it was about $9 million of cost which is in the result.
Richard Johnson - Jefferies: And what was that?
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: It's a plant in Switzerland.
Richard Johnson - Jefferies: Fantastic, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: Hi, Ron and Mike.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Hey there, Mark.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: First question. I wondered if you could just give us a little color on the strength that you had called out in the specialty carton business this quarter and kind of related to that whether tobacco packaging is an issue at all for any of the ESG investors?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. The business in – the specialty cartons business had a really good first quarter. Volumes essentially flat, we had some strength in the Americas, as we highlighted, some softness in Asia, Southeast Asia, in particular, pretty flat in Europe. So all up, we had a pretty good top line and the business is executed really, really well. It continues to drive cost out and optimize its operations. So we're pleased with that business. It's a good margin business, big cash generator and it's got a leadership position in each of the markets around the world. The second part of the question, the short answer is no. I think investors realize we're not actually in that end market. We're printing a cartoon board and shaping it and then it gets filled with a product that sometimes creates issues from an ESG perspective, but we're not an active participant in that end market any more than the bank who finances those companies and those customers is an active participant. So short answer on the ESG related point is no, no issue.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: Okay. And then I wanted to just toggle over to Brazil, that was a big business for Bemis historically. We've seen in a number of other packaging products a pretty marked pickup over the last two or three months, it sounds like you didn't get any of that in the first quarter, but I wonder if you're seeing any pickup right now in Brazil?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. Look, we actually had a good quarter in Brazil. We had higher volumes in rigid packaging in Brazil and our flexible business, our core flexible business in Brazil and flexibles grew as well. Now, the offset somewhat was we have a disposable business there which is one of the old Dixie Toga businesses. And that's really impaired because there's no food service and there's not much action happening from the disposables perspective. These are paper plates – paper, poly plates and cups and things. So there was some softness – there is softness continuing in that segment in Brazil, but the core of what we're going to do their long-term rigid packaging and flexibles and thermo forming has grown and did grow in the quarter.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: Okay. And then if I guess just slip one other thing in here. You raised guidance, I think you've held the free cash flow number for the year. Any thoughts to being able to bump that up at all?
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Look, it's Michael here. Look, the free cash flow number has a reasonable range in it. So it's $1 billion to $1.1 billion. The guidance increase really fits within that range. So we've kind of left it for there for the moment if we think that that's going to change over the year, we'll update you as we progress through.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: All right. We'll stay tuned. Thanks, Michael.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Thanks, guys for taking my question. Ron, my question is about the synergy, first one. Amcor being is a constructive and proactive company as it is. Is it possible to think that as you guys close the Bemis deal or after, you went to your largest customers in North America, of course, that happens – hang on a second. Can you hear me, Ron?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah. No problem.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Sorry. Sorry about that.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: That's okay.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: So you would come to your largest customers in North America and say look, we have some gross synergy that will develop out of the merger. Can we work an arrangement where we share some this synergy, but it's a win-win we get a larger part of your business? And if those sort of conversations happen with your larger customers very persistent. Can you kind of maybe describe some of that and how that's influencing these more recent results? I'm going to throw my phone out the window in a second.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah, no, that's all right. Yeah. Look I don't know that we're seeing material impact on our top-line yet from those discussions, but there is no question that there is good things happening from a commercial perspective that are coming from this acquisition. The most obvious is the ability to engage with some of these big brand owners to help satisfy their needs around the world not just from a supply perspective but back to the sustainability agenda, the joint development programs we have on R&D and product development. So that's started really from the beginning. There is other examples where we've been able to secure a business in certain parts of the world because of strength and our value proposition in other parts of the world. So I think that will continue and the benefits will accrue over time. The other part of the commercial story for us is just leveraging the commercial capabilities that Amcor's refined over the years around margin management and mix management and layering those on to the legacy Bemis portfolio. And then taking some of the segments that we've acquired here particularly around meat and cheese and protein packaging, it's film based and levering that across our structure around the world, we're getting more active in that regard. But that will take some time to see real top line benefit. So I'm not sure you're seeing it in this result. And I'm not sure you'll see it this financial year. But I think over time, we expect to have commercial benefits.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Yeah, it was meet that particularly picked my curiosity because you do seem to be bucking the performance of many companies participating in that space even Kraftime (47:17) your largest customer in the first quarter called out, I think weaker meat volumes.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: And you had COVID impacting that sector with difficulty to get people to abattoirs – labor to abattoirs.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Yeah.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: You do seem to be (47:33)
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Look I think in that segment, you're right there is some disruption in the supply chain there and some of the meat packing plants have been constrained a little bit. But despite that, I think we're performing pretty well, we'll probably be taking some share...
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Yeah.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: ...and probably outgrowing the market in that space as we believe we should do and we've got great products.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: And that's not related to sort of constructive conversations with customers around sharing synergy here.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: All of our conversations are constructive. But just on the back of the value proposition, that starts with the product.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Okay. Great. And a financial question for Michael. Just on a AMVIG, there's some associate income or equity accounted income reported is that AMVIG and will that zero out for the rest of the financial year?
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: That's exactly right, Larry. So we had $3 million for the first quarter and then from now on, it will be zero versus the prior year where we had $11 million for the full year.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: I think equity accounted line was $19 million in the quarter.
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Yeah that includes the gain on sale.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Okay. Yeah.
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: So the underlying which (48:48) out if you look at the table with the adjustments that gain on sale was taken out of the result. So was just the base $3 million that was in the base result.
Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse (Australia) Ltd.: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Chau with MST Marquee. Please go ahead.
Keith Chau - MST Financial Services Pty Ltd. (Marquee Research): Good morning, Ron and Michael. Just going back to interest cost, Michael, for the full year. I think the full year result, you called out interest expenses is going to change materially for the year. I think at the time, you may mention of the $500 million bond rollover and a high cost and then low interest rates balancing out to a net kind of similar outcome for this year. Seemingly, the first quarter, net interest expense was significantly lower than the first quarter of last year and also the fourth quarter of last year as well, notwithstanding a high net debt balance. So I'm just wondering the guidance this year, I know you spoke about it earlier today, but I just wanted to dig into that a little bit further and just trying to work out what the order of magnitude and change could be at the interest line going forward please.
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: Yeah. As I said, I mean, we're not going to call out numbers specifically. Clearly in interest, we've had some benefit during the period continued low interest rates, so this quarter versus this time last year, I mean it's a 200 basis point reduction in LIBOR and we're still getting really good access to commercial paper both in the US and Europe. So we've had quite a strong benefit there in the period, more pronounced than it will be for the rest of the year because interest rates started to come down this time last year and progressed through the year. That said, look, we will have a lower interest number, but you've got to look at that interest number in line with tax as well. And they offset clearly we saw an offset and we've seen increased tax in absolute terms and the ATR. So as I said earlier, we will see some lower interest now at the full year, but the offset will be tax. So we're going to have a higher tax bill just based on higher earnings and perhaps a slightly higher ATR as well. So when you put all that together, net-net you add those two together in absolute terms, they're going to be pretty similar to the number last year.
Keith Chau - MST Financial Services Pty Ltd. (Marquee Research): Okay. Okay, fantastic. Perhaps maybe if we look at it first quarter to fourth quarter last year because rates albeit have gone down, but not as much as kind of the first quarter versus first quarter last year. The $45 million in net interest in the fourth quarter last year, playing that $37 million for the first quarter, is there any kind of timing issues here that we should be thinking about from a quarter-on-quarter basis?
Michael John Casamento - Amcor Plc: There was some additional costs we had just on some of the bonds and the like in that period. So – but I think overall, the interest bill will converge as we head through the year.
Keith Chau - MST Financial Services Pty Ltd. (Marquee Research): Okay. Excellent. And then the second one just very quick one on Bemis synergies, can you give us some guidance as to whether there will be some Bemis synergies allocated to corporate for the full year?
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Keith, it's Ron. It's unlikely. Most of the synergies in corporate were executed very, very early on post close. And so we were – for all intents and purposes, all the synergies this year will be in the flexibles segment.
Keith Chau - MST Financial Services Pty Ltd. (Marquee Research): Okay. Great. Thanks very much, gents.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Ron for closing remarks.
Ronald Stephen Delia - Amcor Plc: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. And I think we'll close it there. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-08-18 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Amcor 2020 Full Year Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Amcor’s 2020 full year results call. Joining the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I’ll direct you to our website, amcor.com, under the Investors section where you’ll find our press release and presentation, which will be discussed on the call today. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance against combined comparative information. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures can be found in the press release and presentation on our website. Also, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call, are forward-looking and subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from historical, expected or predicted results due to a variety of reasons. Please refer to Amcor’s SEC filings, including our statement on Form 10-K and 10-Q to review these factors. With that, I will turn it over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey and thanks everyone for being with us today to discuss Amcor’s full year results. We acknowledge it’s early in the morning for those in the U.S. and on the evening for those in Australia, so we appreciate you’re making the effort to join the call. Joining me on the line today, as Tracey mentioned, is Michael Casamento, Amcor’s CFO and we will begin with some brief prepared remarks and then open the line for Q&A. We will start with safety, which is where we start every meeting. Safety is value at Amcor, and our employees’ well-being has always been a top priority for us. Of course, safety has taken on an even higher level of prominence this year, not only given the need to work through a COVID-19 environment, but also as we’ve been integrating the largest acquisition in the company’s history. Against this backdrop, one of the highlights for us in fiscal 2020 was our safety performance. Across Amcor, we had 10% fewer injuries compared to the prior year, and over half of our sites were injury-free for at least 12 months. Now that magnitude of improvement, especially in this environment, can’t be achieved without dedication, commitment and focus, and our coworkers demonstrated all of those qualities consistently through the year. Safety, health and well-being will continue to be our first priority in 2021 as we continue to manage through and navigate further complexity and uncertainty related to COVID-19. Early on, we established three guiding principles and implemented a number of new protocols focused on keeping our employees healthy, keeping our plants running so we can continue to supply packaging for essential food, beverage and health care products, and then contributing more broadly to the communities in which we operate as they navigate the fallout from the pandemic. We are really proud that our business has demonstrated great resilience through the period, and the ability to continue playing a vital role in the supply chain of essential consumer products, without interruption, has been a source of great pride for our employees. Their care, passion and dedication has been nothing short of inspiring. And we can’t thank them enough for rising to the challenges of this current environment. Moving on now to the key messages we have for today on Slide 5, first and foremost, we delivered an outstanding result across multiple dimensions, despite unprecedented market conditions and while integrating a transformational acquisition. Along the way, the resilient, defensive nature of our end markets was evident, and execution against the things we can control was outstanding. Our second key message is that the Bemis integration is progressing ahead of initial expectations, and the benefits we anticipated from the acquisition were increasingly evident throughout the year. We made excellent progress on delivery of cost synergies in this first year, and performance across the combined Flexibles businesses is building momentum. Third, we have clear line of sight to controllable drivers of growth in the near-term and expect another strong year in fiscal ‘21. Fourth, sustainability remains our most exciting long-term growth opportunity, and we continue to make strong meaningful progress throughout the year. And lastly, we remain well positioned to deliver strong value for shareholders over the long-term regardless of macroeconomic conditions. Turning now to a summary of our financial results on Slide 6, overall, the business delivered strong financial numbers in fiscal 2020, better than expectations and ahead of the upgraded guidance we issued in May. EPS was up 13% on a constant currency basis and was driven by solid organic growth, cost synergies and a reduction in shares outstanding resulting from a buyback completed during the year. Free cash flow of $1.2 billion was up 26% year-over-year, while we continue to invest in the business and increase our dividend. Sales were in line with the prior year, excluding the unfavorable raw material pass-through impact. And EBIT was up 7%, including double-digit growth in the Flexibles segment, which also had over 5% organic growth in addition to cost synergies. And one of the most important highlights for the year was the ability of our teams to execute and outperform against the controllables at a time when the external environment was clearly less predictable. I mentioned safety earlier, but working capital management was also exceptional. And we had outstanding cost performance in all of the Amcor businesses. And we couldn’t be more pleased with the Bemis acquisition after 1 year, which is ahead of our original plan. Slide 7 provides some of the key highlights related to the Bemis acquisition, and it’s worth pausing on three points. First, the integration and synergy capture are ahead of expectations. The two businesses came together quickly during the first 100 days, and essentially, all of the integration activities were completed within the first 12 months and that efficient integration enabled even greater focus on synergies. And we delivered $80 million of cost synergies in fiscal ‘20, almost 30% of our initial expectations. We anticipate an additional $50 million to $70 million in FY ‘21, and we’re well on our way to delivering $180 million by FY ‘22, the third year post acquisition. Second, in addition to synergy benefits, we acquired a high-quality, well-invested business, which has already contributed to strong organic margin expansion and returns for the Flexibles segment of more than 15%. And the third point on Bemis is that it’s clear the acquisition is already delivering longer-term strategic benefits. Most importantly, we have a strengthened customer value proposition from our expanded global footprint and best-in-class innovation capabilities, and we’ve also increased our exposure to high-value segments like protein and health care, both of which grew well above the rest of the business last year. So all-in-all, we are pleased with the way the two companies have come together, with return on investment tracking ahead of expectations after year one and the long-term potential becoming clearer every day. Before I hand over to Michael, just a word on value created for shareholders in FY ‘20 against the framework we’ve been using for several years now. We generated very strong cash flow in FY ‘20, which helped support $1.2 billion of cash returns to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. And our board remains committed to a competitive and progressive dividend and today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share, which will be paid in September and which brings the total dividend for the full year to $0.46 per share. But through a combination of organic growth, acquisition synergies and buyback benefits, EPS growth was 13%, and the dividend yield was about 4%. So, total shareholder value created during the year was 17%, well above our long-term average of about 12%. To go a bit beyond those highlights, I’ll turn it over to Michael now for some more detail on fiscal 2020.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron and hi everyone. I will start with a few comments specifically related to COVID-19 and what we have seen over the last two quarters. The key message on this slide is aligned with what we discussed at the end of our March quarter. Overall, we have seen no material impact on our financial results that we could directly attribute to COVID-19. Amcor is a global company with balanced exposures across North America, Europe and the emerging markets. And although we’ve seen plenty of puts and takes across regions and end markets, the low single-digit volume growth achieved across the group in the second half is consistent with the long-term average range we would expect from the business. We operated our plants with minimal disruption during this period and did so without incurring significant cost impacts, so our financial results have also remained in line with expectations. As we did in the March quarter, Slide 9 lays out the positives and negatives across the global portfolio in our second half. We have seen good volume growth in North America, Europe and Asia, with weaker volumes in Latin America and volumes comparable to last year in the global specialty cartons business. By end market, categories like hygiene, health care, protein and pet care have all performed quite well, while there have been pockets of weakness in areas like confectionery and in convenience around premise channels. The business has also experienced a heightened level of month-to-month volatility than we would typically see in a 6-month period. Most recently, April was a good volume month overall despite soft volumes in Latin America and beverage packaging volumes in North America. May was softer in most areas. And since then, we have seen good improvements in June in most regions, with growth continuing into July. The key takeaway is that we remain relatively well-positioned and resilient, with volume growth over the last 6 months continue – consistent with our long-term average. Moving to the Flexibles segment on Slide 10, full year sales were in line with last year in constant currency terms and excluding the impact from passing through lower raw material costs. Overall, segment volumes were marginally higher than the prior year. This reflects consistent low single-digit volume growth in developed markets, such as Europe and North America, and higher volumes in the Asian emerging markets, where we saw good momentum towards the end of the fourth quarter in China and India, in particular. We are encouraged to see the sequential volume improvements continued in Flexibles Latin America and cartons during the second half of the year, in part due to the initiatives we have taken to simplify these businesses and lower operating costs. Adjusted EBIT for the year grew 10% in constant currency terms, with more than half of that growth coming from organic sources. This was driven by a combination of positive mix with growth weighted towards a range of high-value products, such as coffee, healthcare and protein, along with strong cost and operating performance across the business. The remaining 4.6% growth was driven by delivery of cost synergy benefits, which Ron referred to earlier. So overall, we are really pleased with the way the Flexibles business is performing and the unique position we have as a result of the Bemis acquisition. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 11, in line with expectations, adjusted EBIT grew 3% in the second half of fiscal 2020 compared with the second half of the prior year, reflecting strong cost performance in a variable demand environment. On a full year basis, earnings were lower given the unusually strong comparison in the second quarter last year. Full year sales were 0.7% lower than last year in constant currency terms and excluding a 4.1% unfavorable impact related to the pass-through of lower raw material costs. In North America, full year volumes were 0.2% lower than prior year, with hot fill container volumes up 1%, and growth continued to be weighted towards our regional business unit, which services smaller customers. Volume in the Specialty Container business were higher than last year, particularly in the second half, with strong growth across each of the spirits, home and personal care, food and health care end markets. And in Latin America, annual volumes grew close to 0.5%, with strength in Central America and Colombia, offset by weakness in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. So overall, we were pleased with the resilience of the business in the fourth quarter in light of the volume challenges and with the business now well-positioned for future growth. Turning to the cash flow on Slide 12, adjusted free cash flow of $1.2 billion was 26% higher than last year, reflecting higher earnings and excellent working capital performance. It’s also worth pointing out that the cash flow benefited by $50 million into the June quarter due to timing of tax payments, and we expect this to reverse in the first quarter of 2021 fiscal year. We have discussed our continued focus on working capital on many occasions, and this continued as we worked our way through the Bemis integration this year. We also recognize the need to be even more focused during the last 6 months once the environment became more uncertain. As a result, our cash performance in the June quarter was particularly strong, driven by a higher rate of collections. We measure working capital performance through the working capital to sales ratio, which ended the year at 9.5% to sales, representing a reduction of 1.2% in fiscal 2020. This is the equivalent of around $150 million in cash that has been released through the period and, at this level, essentially funds all of the Bemis integration cash costs. CapEx spend for the year was around $30 million lower than last year on a like-for-like basis, reflecting lower investment requirements, which is typical when working through large-scale integrations. Moving to Slide 13, Amcor has an investment-grade credit rating, and our balance sheet metrics are strong, including leverage at 2.9x, which is in line with our year-end expectations. We have less than 2% of drawn debt facilities maturing within the next 12 months and ample liquidity of $2.5 billion in un-drawn committed lines and cash on hand. Key message in relation to our balance sheet and cash flow is that we remain very well positioned, with the flexibility to meet the investment needs of our business in a low-cost and effective way, fund returns to shareholders and made a strong – maintain a strong investment-grade credit rating. As we turn to Slide 14, this highlights our outlook for the financial year ending June 30, 2021. The COVID-19 pandemic, of course, creates heightened levels of complexity and uncertainty when estimating future results, particularly over a 12-month period. However, we expect our business to continue demonstrating resilience, given we supply packaging for essential consumer goods. And we assume that we and our business partners are able to continue operating plants with minimal disruption. Taking this into account, we expect adjusted EPS growth in constant currency terms of approximately 5% to 10% compared to the $0.642 in the year just delivered. And we expect approximately $1 billion to $1.1 billion of adjusted free cash flow before dividends. So in summary, the business generated outstanding results in fiscal 2020, and we expect another strong year in 2021. So with that, I’ll hand back over to you, Ron.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, Michael. I’ll switch gears here for just a few minutes and take a longer-term perspective, starting with Slide 15. And just as I do that, I want to mention, we’re planning a more fulsome investor briefing with a number of our management team members for the end of September, where we will expand more on our strategy and long-term opportunities. So, further information on that event, which will be virtual, will be made available shortly. So stay tuned. So, for now, back to Slide 15, despite the macro challenges and uncertainty around us, we’re confident Amcor will continue to deliver shareholder value in the near term, given the range of controllable drivers we have visibility to, starting with continued defensive organic growth for our food and health care packaging; additional cost synergies from the Bemis acquisition over the next few years; continued payment of a strong dividend, which should be even more compelling in this low interest rate environment; and the benefit to EPS from having repurchased approximately 3.5% of our shares this past year. And longer term, our shareholder value creation model, or you could call it our capital allocation framework, has not changed. We will continue to generate organic growth, pay competitive dividends, pursue acquisitions at attractive returns or else, return residual cash to shareholders. And Slide 16 shows the outcome of that model over the last several years. Since 2014, Amcor’s delivered an average of 12% per year of combined EPS growth and dividend yield, and as we saw earlier, that number in FY ‘20 was much higher at 17%. And as Michael mentioned, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with lots of capacity and flexibility, and we continue to offer a compelling dividend relative to alternatives that investors might consider for yield. Before we conclude our opening remarks today, I want to touch on the topic of sustainability on Slide 17. And many of you will know, this is not a new topic for us, and we’ve developed some well-informed perspectives over many years. But two key messages here today. First, sustainability is just as important now as ever; and second, sustainable packaging represents Amcor’s most significant long-term growth opportunity. Of course, COVID has dominated the headlines for much of the calendar 2020 year, but consumers around the world remain concerned about climate change and waste. And we believe when it comes to addressing both of those consumer needs and sustainability concerns, responsible packaging is the answer and requires a system solution across 3 elements: first, packaging designed to take into account environmental impacts through the full life cycle, which includes recyclable, reusable or compostable structures, packaging made from recycled materials and packaging that uses less material in the first place; second, the right waste management infrastructure, whether that’s recycling or composting facilities or returnable systems; and third, consumer participation to properly dispose off packaging after its use. And Amcor is uniquely positioned to make a difference and contribute across each of these areas, innovating and developing new packaging, collaborating with other stakeholders on the waste management challenge and informing and educating consumers in order to increase their participation. And we have continued to make meaningful progress during the last 12 months, as you can see here on Slide 18. Through continuous innovation and product development, we’ve made good progress increasing the amount of Amcor packaging that is designed to be recycled. And in the past year, we increased our use of post-consumer recycled resin by over 40% and up to almost 2 million pounds in total, as we supported many customers launching new products, several made from 100% PCR. We continued to collaborate with a range of stakeholders to increase available infrastructure for waste collection, sorting and recycling and two examples to the note from the last few months. In the U.S., a pilot organized by the MRFF partnership was successful in demonstrating the potential for collection and sorting of flexible plastic packaging. And in China, Amcor initiated the first packaging sustainability statement, bringing together the China packaging federation, the Green River NGO, customers and suppliers to jointly develop and promote recycling systems and to work with regulators to establish sustainability standards. And finally, we are using our experience and insights to educate and inform consumers and customers about the environmental implications of their packaging. During the year, we launched campaigns through social media and industry channels and conducted proprietary research on consumer perceptions and behavior related to packaging. So, to close off and summarize on Slide 19, 2020 has been a milestone year for Amcor. We delivered outstanding financial results and demonstrated resilience through uncertain times and outperformed on the things that we can control. The Bemis integration is progressing ahead of expectations, exceeding our synergy targets for the first year and enhancing the overall financial performance of the business. We have clear line of sight to continued growth in fiscal ‘21 and we are committed – we remain committed to leading the industry toward a more sustainable future. And with that, operator, we will open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Ron Delia: Hi. Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Ron, it seems like the Bemis integration has gone better than expected from a synergy and cost reduction perspective. I am just wondering if you could talk about how it’s gone from an organic growth perspective, how the business performed relative to maybe expectations at the beginning of the year. And then you referenced gains in protein and health care. Just wondering if there is any kind of finer point you can put on that?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s a good question. And I think we will inevitably get focused on the synergies, but the organic performance of the businesses – the business that we acquired has performed very well. And I think it’s important to point out, it’s a high quality business, and it’s well invested. I mean, clearly, the North American position is well known, but the businesses around the world as well. And we got really strong performance in the first 12 months. I think there was momentum building into the close of the acquisition, which was in June of ‘19, and that carried through into the fiscal year. Generally speaking, the organic growth was positive in North America, low single digits. We had really good growth in the European business that we acquired in Asia. I think the one soft spot that we have highlighted several times was Latin America, though I think it’s pretty clear to us that, that business was absolutely on the right track by the end of the year. In fact, the profit in that business doubled over the previous 12 months. With regard to the segments that I mentioned which are a big part of the organic story, we had low single-digit growth, almost mid-single-digit growth, I should say, in protein and health care globally. I don’t know if I would call those revenue synergies, but they are clearly benefits of being exposed more broadly to those two segments, which clearly are higher value-add relative to the Flexibles segment, the Flexibles business at large.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. And with regards to the ‘21 guidance, EPS is guided to be up, free cash flow down. Is that just the non-repeat of the working capital benefits? And then from a – is there any kind of resin benefit that you saw in ‘20 that could reverse in ‘21, given some of the hikes that have been announced just any kind of color there?
Ron Delia: Yes. I will talk about – I will talk on the raw material point, and Michael can answer the question on cash flow. Look, the raw material environment was relatively benign throughout the year. I think we flagged through the first three quarters we had some modest benefits through 9 months of about $5 million a quarter, maybe $15 million for the year. In the fourth quarter, the raw material impact on our business was neutral. We had a lot of volatility. Think about just oil, where oil was in March and April versus where it finished the quarter. But all up, the impact was neutral in the fourth quarter. And there’s nothing material to point to, Anthony, that we would be cycling in FY ‘21.
Michael Casamento: And yes, on the cash flow side, Anthony, I think, look, the key difference is really the $50 million tax payment, which we deferred in Q4 of FY ‘20. And that’s going to get paid in Q1, so basically, you have a double up there, and that’s $100 million movement when you consider the year-over-year. So that’s really the key difference that we are calling out.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse.
Larry Gandler: Thanks guys. Can you hear me?
Ron Delia: Yes.
Larry Gandler: Thanks, Ron. Ron, it’s always a difficult question to ask about acquisitions because it’s pretty much generally a vague answer, but I will see if I could take your pulse. It might be that the pandemic has resulted in acquisition opportunities. So perhaps, are you seeing more opportunities? And now that Bemis might be very much – you are quite confident of integrating it, you might be turning your attention to deals now as well?
Ron Delia: Well, look, you are familiar with our business model and our history, right? We have always been quite acquisitive. We have been a consolidator in the industry for a long-time. So that’s part of the formula going forward as well. There’s no question we want to be growing the business. We have got great market positions that can be bolted on to. We have got strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet. So that’s clearly part of the plan going forward. Look, at the moment, I wouldn’t overstate it, the Bemis integration is off to a great start. But if we are talking about our Flexibles perimeter, priority 1, 2 and 3 is to close off that integration and really nail the synergies as we turn our minds towards what could come next. Rigid is no question. There will be opportunities, particularly in the specialty space as we continue to diversify that business. As it relates to opportunities emanating from the pandemic, we haven’t really seen much in terms of distress in our sector, which probably makes sense given most of what we would be interested in is exposed to the same consumer staples that we are, food and beverages and health care, so those end markets, and the demand has held up. But no question going forward, you can expect us to be acquisitive.
Larry Gandler: Okay, fantastic. My second question, just, again, somewhat big picture in terms of resin tax and sustainability. I know it’s been talked about now in Europe, I am just wondering if you can talk to where you think the plastic tax or resin tax risk might be most acute?
Ron Delia: Well, look, there is a number of moving parts on that one, or I should say, a number of developments on that front. I think, particularly as governments struggle to raise revenue to offset the costs of dealing with the pandemic, I think this is a place they may look. I think we are seeing that a little bit in Europe. Look, ultimately, if consumers around the world value waste reduction and value greenhouse gas reduction just as they value convenience and functionality, then they will pay the costs that are associated with that. So that’s not something that we can completely control. I think we have a voice and a perspective to add to the debate. And should governments go down that route, our hope would be that it’s well-structured and focused and targeted at actually funding the waste management infrastructure that’s required as opposed to a general revenue raise. But ultimately, the cost of the product will represent the full value that it’s offering consumers and society at large, including any taxes that are levied against it.
Larry Gandler: And any particular markets, where you see it at risk at the moment?
Ron Delia: No. Look, you highlighted, in Europe, there’s a levy on the member states of the EU. It’s not quite a tax, I guess. They call it something else. It sounds like a tax to me, but where member states have to contribute back to the EU on the basis of un-recycled waste that’s going to go into effect in the next 12 months. It remains to be seen what – how that transpires, how it eventuates. So you could say Europe is a place where there’s more activity on that front. But I think even in the U.S., we see signs of extended fiduciary responsibility type mechanisms being discussed. So look, it could come anywhere, Larry. I am not sure there’s one region leading.
Larry Gandler: Okay, good. Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Purtell with Macquarie.
John Purtell: Good morning. Ron, how are you and Michael?
Ron Delia: Hey, John, how are you?
John Purtell: I am not too bad. Thank you. Look, just had a couple of questions. Look, in terms of – obviously, been a fair bit of debate about trends such as at-home consumption and to what extent we have seen sort of demand pull forward in certain areas. Just be interested in how you sort of see maybe how that sort of conceptually sort of developed through that fourth quarter, and how you think about that as sort of forming part of your growth guidance for the year ahead.
Ron Delia: Yes, that is the topic. I think for us, this is almost like a second half topic because we have a substantial business in Asia and China where this whole pandemic started. And so we have been monitoring this pretty closely since. I think we are kind of coming out the other end of the let’s say, outside the norm volume movements. If we think back over the last, let’s say, 4 months, March and April, where March was a strong month, volume-wise, generally. I am generalizing here, but March was generally strong. April was softer. May was very weak in most parts of our business. June then started to normalize again, and July feels more normal. So maybe sequentially, that’s the way to think about it. Obviously, there’s puts and takes by region and by segment. But for the most part, I think that we are seeing more normal demand patterns and probably have for the last 6 to 8 weeks, certainly through the last month and into the start of this quarter.
John Purtell: Thank you. And second question, specifically on Latin America. You mentioned, obviously, we have seen sort of weaker full year volumes, but there has been some sequential improvement. Can you provide any color on as to sort of where did volumes sort of end up through that fourth quarter? Have we got back to a flat level yet?
Ron Delia: Yes. So this is about the Flexibles Latin America business. We have a number of businesses in Latin America, but the one that I was referring to is Flexibles Latin America, which if you were to trace its legacy is kind of half legacy Bemis, half legacy Amcor and spans the whole of Latin America. It’s a business that we have discussed throughout the last 12 months when we acquired Bemis. That part of the business was not performing well, in fact, had lost money in the fourth quarter of what would have been our fiscal ‘19. And it’s been a great turnaround success story for the last 12 months. We have taken an enormous amount of cost out of the business. We have simplified it. We have sold 2 plants. We sold a joint venture in Brazil. We sold a disposable cups and plates business that was in Argentina. So we tried to simplify the business. And overall, the profit is up – was up, as I said earlier, almost 2x what it was the year before. As far as the sales, that takes longer to stabilize. One of the reasons it struggled leading into the close was the top line had been eroding. That’s well and truly stabilized. I think when we look through what the COVID impact was to the best we could surmise versus what the business was doing, we were certainly back to steady seas and then had some COVID impacts in May in particular. But I think we can feel pretty good that we have stabilized the business and now can see – expect to see growth of the top line going forward.
John Purtell: Nice, Ron.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Chau with MST Marquee.
Keith Chau: Hi. Ron and Michael, just the first question to follow-up on adjusted free cash flow target of $1 billion to $1.1 billion in FY ‘21. Michael, you mentioned earlier that deferred tax or the swap around for that was going to be part of the contributing factor of it stepping back a bit. Just wondering if you can give us some guidance on any, I guess, working capital unwind that you can still generate into next year, particularly given the strong performance that we saw in FY ‘20, and whether you can keep improving that working capital position. And in addition to that, what the CapEx outlook is to the FY ‘21?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure, Keith. Look, on the working capital side, obviously, this year, we had an exceptional performance. I mean, on a pro-forma basis, we started the year at around 10.7% of sales, a really strong focus throughout the year and particularly in the past 3 to 6 months. And the business got down to 9.5% of sales. So as I mentioned in my speaking notes, we had a 1.2% reduction there, which is exceptional in anyone’s terms and that’s about $150 million, as I touched on, and in effect, supports the cash integration cost of the Bemis acquisition. So really important to get ahead of the game on there which was great. As we move forward, I mean, I wouldn’t expect to see those exceptional gains again in the coming year. We still will expect some continuous improvement in working capital. And you may recall, Amcor typically was around that 9% to sales level, and I would – we would hope to get back there over time. But certainly, in the cash flow, you won’t see that benefit in FY ‘21. But there, as I touched on earlier, the main difference is really that tax reversal. From a CapEx standpoint, we spent around $400 million this year. We would expect that’s probably going to be a little higher next year, maybe another 5% to 10%, but that’s kind of where we see things.
Keith Chau: Okay, great. And then just a second question, throughout the course of FY ‘20, there was a comment made on the Flexibles business that strong cost and operating performance was a key driver of margin expansion within the division, notwithstanding some of the Bemis synergies as well. So obviously, that’s paid dividends in FY ‘20, but is there a, I guess, runway for cost and operating performance to continue to improve in FY ‘21 or do we think we are at a steady, I guess, cost structure and operational performance structure going forward?
Ron Delia: Keith, it’s Ron. Look, I think if you look back over the last 10 years or so, there’s been a pretty consistent track record of margin expansion in that Flexibles space. And it’s driven by cost and operational performance, as you alluded to, but it’s also driven by continuous improvement in the product mix, sometimes at the expense of the top line. And I think you see a bit of that coming through in FY ‘20. We had 80 more – 80 basis points of organic margin expansion through the year, and it was a combination of factors, including good product and end market mix. That’s an abnormally strong year for us. I think normally, we have seen 10, 20, 30 basis points per full year. That’s sort of what we would expect going forward, and it will be a combination of commercial and cost productivity.
Keith Chau: Okay, fantastic. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good day. Congratulations on the progress in fiscal ‘20. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Ron, a couple of questions back to sustainability. I know it’s kind of a tall order, but if sustainability is your biggest opportunity in terms of long-term growth, is there a way to somehow measure or quantify what that actually added to your core growth in fiscal ‘20, or what you would expect in terms of the trading in and trading out of product, what it might mean for fiscal ‘21? And relatedly, from the survey work that you do of consumers and your customers, what, if anything, are you seeing in terms of changes in terms of how plastic packaging is perceived in the market? And then I have a follow-on on growth rates.
Ron Delia: Well, look, the second one, I might deal with first. I think the pandemic has been a bit of a level setter on the importance, first of all, packaging, right? I mean, I think we have seen this whole topic go in cycles over – or peaks and troughs over the last several years. From a debate in different parts of the world, maybe 3 or 4 years ago about whether packaging was needed to, I think, a general view that packaged food and packaged health care products have a real purpose. I think we see that again reinforced with some of the issues around wet markets and things like that. So I think that’s the starting point. And then secondly, obviously, the focus is on hygiene and sanitation and those sorts of things have become more prominent now than ever. So if anything, the base – the fundamental attributes of packaging in general and plastic packaging, specifically, have been strengthened through this pandemic. And as it relates to the growth, look, it’s – I mean, you sort of – you said it. I mean, it’s very difficult to measure. How much of our book of business with big global key accounts is driven by their comfort or interested in working with us on longer-term sustainability developments, really hard to say. We have a really strong staple of products that are designed to be recycled now and always have. How much of that growth is because of that attribute versus others, really hard to say. So I am not really sure, George, that we could even venture a guess at this stage.
George Staphos: Okay. Look, I appreciate the answer and the candor. Switching gears and recognizing Amcor obviously, runs a business on a longer term basis and not month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, could you comment at all in terms of what types of growth rates you are seeing right now across any of your more important product lines or geographies within the business? And particularly, I am interested in what you are seeing you mentioned India and China had improved in fiscal 4Q? What are you seeing there into fiscal 1Q for ‘21? Thank you very much.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think that the headline to answer the question would be that the growth that we are seeing now and that we expect to see, let’s say, in the next few months and through FY ‘21 is generally consistent with what we have seen long term and what we expect long term. So what does that mean across the whole of Amcor? It means 1% to 2% volume growth. That’s exactly what we have seen for the last six years. It’s actually what we saw in the second half. And that’s what we see going forward. Now when you double-click in a portfolio as broad as ours, there is differences by region. In North America and Europe, we are going to see low single-digit growth, particularly also as we optimize the mix, to the question that was asked earlier about margins. In the emerging markets, especially Asia, we should see mid- to high single digits and in China and India, India even more so because it’s a smaller base, that’s what we see; and China, certainly in the mid single-digit range. So – and that would be the expectation over time over the long-haul as well. So that’s kind of the model. And you put all that together, and we have some strong growth businesses like health care, which has been a really strong grower for many years above those overall averages, and you have some other parts of the business that grow at lower rates. But all up, assume it’s a 1% to 2% volume growth business, which generates organic profit growth of 3% or 4%.
George Staphos: Thank you. I will now turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey good day to you all. I just wanted to ask a little bit about volume trends in the quarter. If I look at, I think, 3Q, you talked about Rigids being up something close to 5%. I think for the half year was only up 1% so implies it was down a couple of percent in 4Q, just hoping to get a little bit more color on trends in the Rigids business through the quarter? And then just within the Flexibles business, it seems like this was asked a little bit earlier but maybe not as much of a benefit from at-home eating as we might have expected or seen. Were there just some offsets in the food service part of the business or was the portion that you would consider at-home truly kind of only up 1% or so?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s a good question. I think in the case of Rigids, I referred to month-to-month volatility and variability, and Rigids would be the business that had the biggest swings. You’re right, in the third quarter, we flagged 5%, and actually, I’m talking about North America, right, specifically. So in the third quarter, we had 5% volume growth in the North American beverage business. In the fourth quarter, there was a mid-single-digit decline in volumes in that business. That’s a business that’s – it’s a big fourth quarter business anyway from a seasonal perspective, and it’s heavily levered towards away-from-home consumption, the C-store channel, in particular. And so that business had a mid-single-digit volume decline in the fourth quarter. But even within that, quite a bit of variability from month-to-month, again, a pretty good March at the end of Q3 weaker April, really weak May and good June and good start in July, so really up and down. We also have the specialty business in North America in Rigids, which is a big business as well, and that business picked up momentum in the fourth quarter. So we’re sort of puts and takes. In Flexibles, I think the thing to think about in terms of the volumes is just how broad and diversified the business is geographically. It’s about one-third, North America; one-third, Europe; and one-third, everywhere else. And in Europe and North America for the quarter, generally, with our end markets, we had low single-digit growth, which is nothing extraordinary. But it’s the all other where you have a lot of variability. So Latin America was softer, and Asia was stronger. Really, it was a mixed bag by region.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks. And just one follow-on, I was wondering if you could just comment on pricing trends in the industry in general, just as contracts are coming up for renewal. Are you seeing any increased competition or people more aggressively trying to pass-through lower resin prices or maybe given the stable end markets, not much change? But just interested in kind of hearing if you are seeing any change in competitive behavior as contracts come up for renewal?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s a good question. No change would be the headline, right? That’s the short answer. There’s no change in competitive dynamics. It’s an industry – if you stand back from it and compare it to other industries, it’s got sort of the same pricing dynamics. It’s very difficult to have price appreciation for like-for-like product. I don’t think that exists in many industries. When you have something different, that’s where the pricing opportunities come in. But generally speaking, the competitive environment is stable.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just last one, if I could sneak it in. Just any color on the trends in folding cartons and healthcare, would imagine there may be kind of opposite ends of the spectrum, but if you could just kind of provide a little bit of color on trends in those markets?
Ron Delia: Well, healthcare has been a big part of Amcor for a long time. It’s about 15% of the business. It’s roughly half pharmaceutical packaging and half medical device packaging. We participate globally in both. We have big market positions in both and lots of differentiation and product technology in both. And those businesses over time have grown at higher rates than the whole of Amcor at higher margins. And we expect that to continue going forward. On health – on folding cartons, look, that business actually rebounded quite well. It had a tough first half volume-wise. Second half volumes were more or less flat with the prior year. And that’s a business that’s not going to grow at the rate of health care, but it’s attractive for other reasons.
Brian Maguire: I will turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, everyone. Good day.
Ron Delia: Hi, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: So Ron, just from a high level standpoint, from the initial stages of the pandemic, I think it was pretty clear that consumers were pantry loading in the western world. Some of your customers were rationalizing SKUs and so on to ensure product availability. Just comment on what you’re seeing at this point. Are we sort of in a normalization phase at current? I’m just trying to get a sense as to how to think about the weighting for EPS from the first half of this year, for fiscal year ‘21 versus the back half?
Ron Delia: Well, look, I think, generally speaking, the environment is normalizing as it relates to our markets. You’re right, there was a bit of – well, to different degrees, I would say, was their pantry loading. I think in different regions that’s less of a factor than it might be in the U.S. That’s really behind us now. That was more of a March, April phenomenon. And you are also right that customers, I don’t know if retreat is the right word, but certainly consolidated into fewer SKUs that could be run at higher volumes, I think, primarily to ensure continuity of supply. And we certainly saw that. Now whether that reverses, let’s see. We are still in an environment with, I would say, fewer SKUs generally, but let’s see where that evolves. As far as looking forward, I mean, we haven’t given guidance by quarter. You just have to remember that we’re building synergy benefits, which is probably the biggest driver of benefits in the first half, and those benefits continue to accrue with each month.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. And in terms of going back to an earlier question on EBIT year-over-year specific to Flexibles, so it looks like about a $96 million EBIT benefit, ‘20 versus ‘19. I think synergies were $57 million of that. You mentioned resin of $15 million for the total year, I assume, let’s say, $10 million for that specific segment. Can you just break out the other drivers of the $30-some-odd million of EBIT delta? Where did that come from? Because volumes were basically flat, you mentioned mix, but that just seems like a very large number relative to just mix.
Ron Delia: Well, I mean, mix is part of it. We would call that commercial productivity, so that’s the health care growth, that’s the protein growth, that’s growth in some of the higher performance materials for things like coffee and pet food. So that’s meaningful. Cost productivity is absolutely a part of it. Ongoing cost productivity is big. It was particularly big in the last fiscal year. Those are two things that we manage all the time. And sometimes we have a bigger bump than others. I mentioned in response to a similar question earlier that traditionally, we would expect to see 10 to 30 basis points of margin expansion in that space collectively, and that’s on the back of fairly low volume growth, as I alluded to in response to George’s question. So it was a strong year from an organic margin expansion perspective, but no mystery as to where. It’s just a better year than the average on both commercial and cost productivity.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then just final one in terms of the sequential increase in resin and also freight costs in the U.S. and I assume any other petrochemical-related costs. Is that a dynamic that you are baking in? I mean, should we kind of – how should we think about that delta relative to the synergies for Flexibles on a full year basis? Are margins going to be up year-over-year just given the tough comp you have from this year, obviously?
Ron Delia: Well, look, I think we have given a range, and the range takes all those things that you mentioned and others into consideration. I mean, the synergies, still, it’s a big year of expected synergies going forward, right? We said $50 million to $70 million of EBIT. The vast majority of that will be in the Flexibles segment. That’s clearly going to be a big driver of margins. Raw materials for us, historically, I mean, it’s a pass-through, as you know, as it is for everybody. And any impact, positive or negative, tends to just be a timing issue that tends to wash out through the course of a 12-month year. So all of that’s factored into the guidance that we gave at the EPS level.
Ghansham Panjabi: Very good. Thank you so much.
Ron Delia: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Richard Johnson: Thanks very much. Ron, sorry to flog a dead horse, if I could just return quickly to the issue of organic growth and your comments you made earlier on margins. I recall one of your predecessors saying to me more than once, it wasn’t reasonable to assume you could have ever rising margins on flat revenues and notwithstanding what you are saying about mix. So really, my question is, how much opportunity do you think you’ve got for bottom slicing to try and improve your mix from here, particularly when we think about the margin improvement you showed this year, of which a great chunk of which was obviously related to the lower revenue number?
Ron Delia: Look, the margin expansion this year was not really related to the lower revenue number. I think the raw material impact came up on a previous question that was maybe 10 basis points out of 140. So that was a factor, but not a big one. The bottom slicing is – it’s an ongoing activity. I mean, it’s really important in Flexibles especially because the fragmentation of the customer mix, the product mix is enormous as I mean, there’s thousands of SKUs and thousands of customers. So – but the ongoing optimization of that mix is critical, but that being said, the business will grow 1% to 2%. It has historically and it will going forward, so that gives us a lift as well from a margin perspective.
Richard Johnson: Great. Thanks and then just a question for Michael on the cash flow and the adjustment, the $163 million adjustment you made, which you helped me breakout includes $80 million of integration costs for Bemis, the other $83 million, I was just wondering if you could help me understand what that was?
Michael Casamento: Look, it’s a combination of things, Richard, partly timing of the transaction costs. Obviously, this deal, we have transaction costs, which are combination of adviser fees and employee fees which spanned over both years. There’s some costs related to the remedy and splitting out the business there, and then there’s just some general cleanup costs coming out of….
Richard Johnson: Okay. So the Rigid Plastics’ restructuring is not in there?
Michael Casamento: Absolutely not. That’s separate. We just treat that as normal cash.
Richard Johnson: Okay, perfect. Great. And then just quickly if I can, I noticed that you have started to hedge. We have got some hedges in place for PET, which I’ve never seen before. I was just curious to try to understand what that was and what the accounting for that is?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, we have been on the back of customer request. We do back-to-back hedging at their account, so it’s similar to what we have done on the aluminum side, which we have been doing for many years. So that’s it, as straightforward as that, Richard.
Richard Johnson: Okay. So there are no hedging gains or losses?
Michael Casamento: No.
Richard Johnson: Okay, great. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anojja Shah with BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah: Hi, good morning everyone. I just wanted to ask about that cost reduction program in Rigid Packaging. You made good progress in 2020, and I believe you’re targeting another $5 million to $10 million benefit in 2021. Can you just give some more details? Is that still the goal? And just what we can expect next year?
Ron Delia: Yes, it’s a good question. It’s an important part of resetting that business and setting it up for growth in Rigids. There is some more benefits to come. We – there is some more footprint work and some more plant closures that are in front of us. There is a couple of plants that we have remaining to close. And so we will see benefits coming in FY ‘21 as we complete that restructuring program.
Anojja Shah: And is $5 million to $10 million still a good number, $5 million to $10 million?
Ron Delia: Yes. I would say that’s a reasonable number. We got a little bit of benefit this year, but we will get the residual benefits in FY ‘21. And depending on the time of the year when we close the plants, we would see some potential benefit, some of that carryover into FY ‘22.
Anojja Shah: Got it. And then my other question, in your slide deck, you talked about a 41% increase in PCR usage in fiscal ‘20. What does that translate to in terms of what percentage of your products use PCR now? And how much higher can you go given the availability of PCR?
Ron Delia: Well, almost all of that is in our Rigid Packaging segment, and that business exited fiscal ‘20 running at about 10% PCR. There’s no technical reason why the number can’t be much higher. There are, from time to time, some supply constraints. But over the long term, we expect those to abate, and that number will continue to grow substantially. I think in Flexible Packaging, it’s a little bit more of a challenge because polyethylene and polypropylene and general polyolefins are less available. But even that will – that supply chain will start to expand as well. So that’s where we finished. We finished at exit rate of 10%.
Anojja Shah: Alright, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Reilly with UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Hi, guys. Quick question in relation to dividends, just in terms of the outlook there, just wondering, should we expect those dividends on a, I guess, a dividends per share basis to follow your EPS growth rates going forward?
Ron Delia: Nathan, that’s a good question. The dividend is super important for us and for our shareholders. It’s a base return. It’s a quite, we believe, quite compelling return relative to alternatives, whether it’s the dividend yield of others or interest rates. And we continue to grow it, and we will continue to grow it over time, particularly to keep pace at least with inflation. I’m not sure that it will grow in line with EPS because I think we’ve got a pretty attractive dividend yield as it is. But it will continue to grow.
Nathan Reilly: Okay, thanks. And just a final question, just in relation to Bemis revenue synergies. I think you’ve previously flagged that, that would be sort of a longer term to sort of go after a few of those potential revenue synergies. I’m just wondering now that we’re a little bit more advanced on the integration of Bemis, are we just getting a little bit closer to going after some of those revenue synergy opportunities now?
Ron Delia: Well, we have had a focus on a few key areas that we – over the past 12 months even. We’ve had a little extra focus on health care, a little extra focus on protein. And the third area would be our global key accounts where we now have a more complete global footprint to supply them from. So the efforts are underway. I think generating a dollar of sales in this business tends to take – it tends to take a while. So as we think about revenue synergies per se and any acceleration in the top line, that’s still a couple of years off. Although you can point to some of those segments and the growth we’ve had even more recently, and it’d be hard to pull apart what that synergy versus what’s just good base performance in a segment like protein.
Nathan Reilly: All good. Thanks, Ron.
Ron Delia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brook Campbell-Crawford with JPMorgan.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up. You talked earlier on about the improvement in the Bemis and Flexibles Lat Am business. I think you mentioned 2x improvement in profit, can you just provide some dollar numbers around this? So what was the swing in EBIT basically from FY ‘19 to FY ‘20, if I caught your comment correctly?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, Brook, I mean we haven’t broken the business out. It’s not a material enough business for us to break out the numbers. But – and what I am referring to is the Bemis business that we acquired, which was in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. And so that legacy perimeter, as we talked about, was losing money in Q4. It was a modest amount in the grand scheme of the whole group or even the Flexibles segment. But we turned it around by taking out several hundred people and driving the plants in a much more, I guess, effective way. And then as I alluded to, I have taken steps to simplify that business. It’s quite a complicated business and a lot of different product segments. And we have exited two of them already in the first 12 months. And we will continue to look at ways to further simplify the business.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay, that’s great. Thanks. And then just two simple ones for Michael just any guidance you can provide around interest for next year? I know you have recently refinanced some debt. But I guess, as a base case, should we expect interest costs to be higher next year? And then also as well just around cash costs below the line for next year, is it just the remaining $70 million or so of integration costs for Bemis? So is there any other cash costs that we should expect to see there as a significant item in FY ‘21?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Brook, I will take your question here. Thanks. Look, on the interest side, we haven’t given specific guidance. Obviously, we’ve given a range in the EPS guidance range. I mean, you’re quite right, we did term out some debt in June, two bonds, one in the U.S. and one in Europe, both around $500 million. As we look forward, look, we don’t expect a material difference in interest moving forward. The bonds are at a higher cost, but then we have lower interest rates year-on-year. So we’re not expecting anything material there. And in terms of the cash costs, yes, the adjustments there around – we’ve called out around $50 million to $70 million in cash costs. That’s included in that $1 billion to $1.1 billion adjusted cash.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay, that’s great. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Well, thanks, operator. Just to close off, a quick recap here. 2020 was a milestone year for Amcor, an outstanding year from a financial perspective. Off to a really good start on our biggest acquisition and the integration of Bemis, and we’ve got visibility to continued growth in 2021 and beyond. So thanks again for joining, and we will be in touch shortly. And that will end the call operator.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-05-12 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Amcor's Q3 Year-To-Date Results. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there'll be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Miss Tracey Whitehead. Thank you Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, operator, and welcome to Amcor's third quarter earnings call. Joining the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'll direct you to our website amcor.com under the investor's section where you'll find our press release and presentation which will be discussed on the call today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance against combined comparative information. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures can be found in the press release and presentation on our website. Also, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from historical expected or predicted results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statement on Form 10-K and 10-Q to review these factors. With that, I'll turn it over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey. And thanks, everyone for joining us to discuss Amcor's year-to-date results. Joining me on the line as Tracey mentioned is Michael Casamento, Amcor's Chief Financial Officer. We'll begin with some prepared remarks and then open the line for Q&A. We'll start with safety. We start every meeting with safety and always have and obviously the topic takes on a different meaning in today's environment. Our goal is no injuries and we're making good progress this year so far. This fiscal year we've got 8% fewer injuries in the first nine months of the year, and more than half of our sites around the world have been injury-free for at least 12 months. We're really pleased with that progress at a time with so much distraction and new ways of working to accommodate physical distances et cetera. Never more important than today and our employees have really risen to the occasion and remain vigilant. Moving on now to the key messages we have for the call today; it's obvious these are unprecedented times for everyone and lots of challenges that no one's had to deal with before. Against that backdrop, it's important to make clear that Amcor is absolutely not immune but we are relatively well-positioned and we've been demonstrating resilience so that's the first key message today. There are a number of reasons for that, which I'll come back to in a minute. But it really starts with the commitment of our 50,000 employees around the world and their dedication and resilience through this period has been amazing and we can't thank them enough. The second key message is that our financial results have been strong through nine months and for the second consecutive quarter; we've increased our outlook for the 2020 financial year. We now expect EPS growth of 11% to 12% and we'll generate over $1 billion of free cash flow this year. We've had good organic growth, momentum building in the businesses, and we've also benefited from faster delivery of synergies from the acquisition of Bemis last year. Now we're coming up on the one year anniversary of that deal, which was an all-stock transaction, the largest in Amcor's history and by all measures, it's been exceeding our expectations so far. That's the third point. Fourth, we have a clear line of sight to controllable drivers of shareholder returns in the near-term, defensive organic growth, further cost synergies to come, a compelling dividend and also the benefits from having bought back over 3% of our shares outstanding so far this year. Lastly, longer term, we'll remain well-positioned to generate continued value for shareholders in all macroeconomic conditions. Five, relates specifically to COVID-19. With almost 50,000 employees in 250 factories around the world in over 40 countries, a global pandemic creates a global challenge for a company like ours. The work to manage through it has been massive as you can imagine. Early on, we established three guiding principles. It starts with keeping our employees healthy. Everything we do starts with safety anyway, so this would be the natural starting point for us and we're taking many extra steps now, more frequent cleaning and disinfection of our facilities and equipment. Obviously, increased physical distancing, restricted travel, protective masks, lots of work from home arrangements as well. Again, our employees have been incredibly adaptive and agile as we've introduced new measures to help keep them safe and healthy. Contributing to the communities in which we operate has also been a guiding principle. We're fortunate we've been able to keep our people employed and our operations running so we can help those around us who've been less fortunate. There are hundreds of examples from around Amcor of great initiatives really at the local level, which range from producing face masks and face shields to donating packaging for hand sanitizer or supporting Community Food Banks and healthcare agencies; just lots of really good, passionate work by the teams around the world. Of course, since we make packaging for food and healthcare products, we've got to keep our plants running, so we can continue to supply our customers. Doing that requires extensive planning, obviously to prevent any issues but then also to deal with them in an efficient way should they arise and we've been doing just that. So again, we've not been immune here, but we've managed well so far with minimal disruptions. I mentioned at the outset that Amcor is relatively well-positioned and demonstrating resilience and I want to come back to that for a few minutes starting with Slide 6. One reason we remain in a relatively good position today and why it's so important that we keep our plants running is because Amcor is making primary packaging for consumer staples. That's really all that we do. It's essentially who we are. We're making packaging for defensive consumer segments like food, beverages, medical and pharmaceutical products, products that people need all the time, obviously, including now. These supply chains have been recognized as essential by governments and healthcare authorities around the world. That essential designation extends to Amcor and provides us with the license to continue operating. In almost all of the products we package are for home consumption or use in medical facilities or sold through retail. Very little of our packaging is for on-premise consumption or for sales through the foodservice channel. Turning to Slide 7; the primary packaging that Amcor makes for food and healthcare products has always played several important roles; to protect consumers and ensure food safety, to preserve products and extend shelf life and to promote brands. Those things will always be important but right now in the current environment, certain needs are especially important for consumers and companies around the world. Hygiene would be the most obvious one. In every aspect of our lives now hygiene has become much more front and center. Is this beverage I'm about to drink out of this beverage container is that clean? Is this medical product sterile? Should I buy the loose lettuce from the open bin or the packaged lettuce? These are the questions that people have on their minds now. Convenience is another one. We're eating at home now more obviously. I don't have any more time than I used to have probably less so how can we make cooking and food preparation easier? Can we just pop this product in the microwave? Then automation, if you're running a factory right now, you're asking about automation not just about cost but also about worker safety and whether or not there's a packaging solution that can make the production process less labor-intensive. It's way too early to project how any of these needs will evolve or what priority they'll be given over time. But it is clear that long-term demand for food and healthcare packaging will continue and that demand will be there globally. Slide 8 indicates Amcor is present in all the major developed and emerging markets around the world and so in this challenging time, we've benefited from our scale, but also our geographic breadth and diversification. The scale provides many advantages at times like this, starting with the ability to ensure we have access to raw materials and other supplies, but also making sure we have redundancy in our supply chain, in our production network. If production is disrupted in one region, there's the opportunity to source from another. Of course, being diversified geographically means in this instance, while one region may be struggling like China was earlier this year, other regions have been less impacted especially during the pandemic, being so global has also meant that we've been able to share learnings as different parts of the world have suffered through the pandemic at different times. We've learned from the experiences in Asia and Europe now as we've dealt with the outbreak at later dates in the Americas. Lastly, turning the Slide 9; Amcor is also relatively well-positioned by virtue of our strong financial situation. The market positions we have in the scale and the defensive consumer segments we supply have led to consistently strong cash flow, which in turn has enabled consistent financial performance and shareholder returns and that's continuing this year. We also have a strong balance sheet. We're committed to an investment-grade credit rating and we've always maintained lower leverage than most of our industry peers. With consistent cash flow and a solid balance sheet, we continue to have plenty of cash to reinvest in the business, as well as to distribute to shareholders. While our dividend has always been compelling, it's especially compelling right now, relative to the alternatives that investors might consider. Amcor is certainly not immune from the impacts of COVID-19 and we've not been spared by any means but we're relatively well-positioned to navigate the challenges. I'll touch briefly on Slide 10 on what we've seen over the last few months. We try to run the company for the long-term, and we focus on one year at a time, so we normally discuss results on a year-to-date basis. But clearly, it's an unusual time and we appreciate the need and the interest in some more insights on recent trading activity and so that's what we've got here on Slide 10. The key message on the slide here is thus far, we've seen no material impact on our financial results that we can directly attribute to COVID-19. We're a global company with balanced exposure across North America, Europe and the emerging markets. We've seen plenty of puts and takes on volume, especially across regions and categories. Ultimately, sales in the third quarter were in line with the long-term averages that we've seen in the business. There have been no real cost impacts so no real material impacts on the financials for the company so far. The results for the third quarter were in line with our expectations. Now, Slide 10 lays out what we've seen using volume growth for the third quarter and you see the positives and negatives across the global portfolio. Overall volume growth for Amcor was about 2% in the quarter, 1% in our flexible segment, 5% in rigid packaging. We had good volume growth in North America for beverage packaging, as well as flexible packaging where in flexibles, North America represents about one-third of our sales in that segment. Another third of sales in the flexibles segment is in Europe and volumes increased by about 1% in the quarter. Then the other third in the flexible segment would be in Latin America, Asia and especially cartons. Those sales for the quarter we're down low to mid-single digits. By end-market, healthcare continues to grow well around the world. It's obviously a pickup at homecare and protein packaging had a good quarter. On the other hand, anything that does go through the convenience channel, or on-premise of which is very small part of our portfolio was a bit softer. More recently, in April, we didn't see many changes, but Latin American volumes and all of our businesses in that region were very soft, and beverage packaging volumes in North America were also weaker given that package is often sold through the convenience channel. Other than in the most obvious cases, it's quite difficult to quantify with any degree of precision exactly what the COVID impact on those volumes has been but all up at about 2% volume growth, the results were consistent with our longer term averages. So the key takeaway here is that we remain relatively well-positioned and resilient. Let me pass the call over to Michael to discuss the financials in more detail.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. Good morning and good evening, everyone. Beginning with a summary of our results on Slide 12, the business has delivered strong year-to-date earnings growth, which reflects a healthy balance of synergies and organic growth. Sales are in line with the prior period excluding unfavorable effects and raw material pass-through impacts. Year-to-date EBIT was up 7% in constant currency terms, with growth in both segments contributing to the double-digit EBIT growth delivered by the Amcor Group in third quarter. Net income and EPS were up by 13% and 14%, respectively, and free cash flow of $360 million within line without expectations and significantly higher than last year. Very strong cash flows have enabled us to return more than $1 billion to shareholders through three year-to-date quarterly dividend payments and share repurchases. The board remains committed to a sustainable and compelling dividend, declaring a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share to be paid in June. Moving to the flexible segment on Slide 13, year-to-date sales were 0.7% lower than the prior period in constant currency terms and excluding a negative impact provided to the past to have lower raw material costs. This reflects solid low single-digit volume growth in flexibles, Europe and North America across a range of high-value health care, food and home care products, partly offset by weaker demand in China and India through the third quarter. We've previously highlighted business and periodic specific challenges in the flexibles Latin America and especially cartons business and we're encouraged to see the sequential volume improvements we anticipated during the month quarter. Year-to-date adjusted EBIT grew 11% in constant currency terms and margin expansion of 150 basis points reflects growing synergy benefits as we move through the year and strong cost performance. Overall, we're really pleased with the way the flexibles business is performing. Especially so given we've been able to leverage the unique position created through the Bemis acquisition covered on Slide 14. First, there is momentum in the acquired Bemis business, which is evident in the strong year-to-date results in North America. Second, the integration is mostly complete and the teams have come together incredibly well to operate as one and support our customers through the COVID crisis. As Ron mentioned, the timing of synergy benefits is ahead of expectations and we are on track to deliver $80 million in fiscal 2020 and $190 million by the end of FY 2022. Turning to rigid packaging on Slide 15; in line with expectations, adjusted EBIT grew 4% in the March quarter with growth in both North America and Latin America. On a year-to-date basis, earnings were lower given the unusually strong comparison in the first half. Overall year-to-date sales were 2.2% higher than the prior period in constant currency terms, after excluding a 3.6% and favorable impact from passing on low raw material costs, which reflects volume growth partially offset by unfavorable price mix. In North America, beverage volumes were 1.7% higher with 5% growth in hospital container volumes. The overall North American non-alcoholic beverage market continues to grow at a modest rate, in line with long-term trends. Importantly as you see on the slide, consumption in PET format has remained stable after taking into account quarterly seasonality. In Latin America volumes grew 3.4%. It's worth noting that volumes in both regions have slowed noticeably through the month of April impacted by low demand through convenience store and on the go channels as people are restricted from moving around during lockdowns. During the month, volumes in North America were down around 5% to 7% compared with last year, and in Latin America, were down around 12%. While the trajectory from here is difficult to predict, we have assumed volumes will remain soft through the balance of the June quarter. This has been taken into account in our revised four-year outlook which I'll come back to shortly. Turning to cash flow on Slide 16; year-to-date adjusted free cash flow of $367 million increased significantly compared with last year. This is consistent with expected seasonality given cash generation is always weighted seasonally to our fourth quarter when EBITDA is the strongest and when we say working capital benefits peak. Most importantly, we remain on track to deliver more than $1 billion across the current financial year. We've continued to focus on working capital and we measure progress through the working capital and the sales ratio. On this measure over the last nine months, we have released the equivalent of more than $90 million of cash on an annualized run rate through a 70 basis point reduction in the ratio. In this current environment, we've taken a prudent approach to non-essential expenditure. However, the overall strength and reliability of cash generation for our business means we remain in a position to invest and to maintain a strong and investment-grade balance sheet as shown on Slide 17. We have an investment-grade credit rating and our balance sheet metric is strong, including leverage at 3.1x at the end of the third quarter. This is where we expect it to be given quarterly seasonality of cash flows and is in line with last year's 3.1x. As has consistently been the case over many years, we expect leverage will fall in the fourth quarter with FY20, estimated to close at around 2.8x. We have less than 2% of our drawn debts facilities maturing within the next 12 months and we also have ample liquidity of $1.9 billion should the need arise. The key message here is our strong balance sheet and cash flow means we have flexibility to meet the needs of our business and to continue our legacy of paying a compelling dividend while maintaining a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating. Turning to Slide 18, the highlights of our outlook for the financial year ending June 30, 2020. As shown, we expect heightened levels of uncertainty and volatility will continue in the broader environment. This means there are additional challenges with regard to estimating future results. However, the business has delivered strong year-to-date results. We have visibility through the month of April and have assumed that we and our business partners are able to continue operating plants with minimal disruption. Taking these factors into account, we are confident the business will deliver our increased EPS growth range in constant currency terms of 11% to 12% and be able to deliver over $1 billion in free cash flow before dividend and cash integration costs. So in summary, we believe we are on track to close out a strong first year following the Bemis acquisition and return significant capital back to shareholders. With that, I'll hand back over to you Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Just turning to Slide 20 and looking beyond the end of fiscal year 2020 at a time of lots of uncertainty and volatility, we continue to have good clear visibility to controllable sources of shareholder value in the near-term. We've touched on each of these already, but we expect continued defensive organic growth for our food and healthcare packaging, additional cost synergies from the Bemis acquisition. We'll deliver $80 million by the end of this year and expect another $100 million over the next two years, continued payment of a compelling dividend, especially in this low-interest-rate environment and the EPS benefit of having bought back over 3% of our shares this year. In longer term, Amcor's capital allocation framework has not changed and as we saw earlier, over the last five or six years, the model for shareholder value creation has delivered an average of 12% per year of combined EPS growth and dividend yield, and that will be higher this year. Before we close off our opening remarks today, I want to touch briefly on our best long-term organic growth opportunity, which is around sustainability. Sustainability, as it relates to consumer packaging, touches on a number of things that have become increasingly important to consumers around the world, including waste and pollution and greenhouse gas emissions and global warming, all-important issues that aren't going to go away despite the immediate focus right now on COVID. So two points to emphasize today; the first point as Slide 21 makes clear is that when it comes to these consumer needs and sustainability concerns, we believe the answer is responsible packaging, not no packaging or misinformed packaging. Responsible packaging requires a total system solution. First, mark design that takes into account environmental impacts through the product lifecycle. That means packaging that's recyclable, reusable or compostable, made from recycled materials and using less material in the first place. Second, the right waste management infrastructure needs to be in place whether that's recycling or composting facilities or returnable systems. Finally, consumer participation is critical to properly dispose of packaging in an appropriate way. The second sustainability point today is on Slide 22. Amcor is uniquely positioned to make a difference here and capture the opportunity and we're fully committed and continuing to invest. This is not a new topic for us. We've been fully committed for several years now. We first made our aspirations public two and a half years ago with our 2025 pledge, and again in August last year, we committed to invest $50 million to accelerate our sustainability agenda. While we're dealing with the pandemic, like everyone else, sustainability has and will continue to be in focus for Amcor. Just to close off and summarize on Slide 23, clearly, volatile times, challenging times for everyone. Amcor is not immune or any different but we are well-positioned in demonstrating resilience. We've delivered strong results so far this year and we've increased guidance for the second time. The Bemis acquisition is ahead of our first year expectations. We have clear visibility to shareholder returns in the near and longer term. Of course, one more thank you to any of our employees who might be listening in today. So with that, operator, we'd like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey guys, good day to you and I hope everybody's doing well. I guess first off, Ron, for the regions that benefited from a COVID related volume increase, if you will, is order flow starting to normalize as we're now in May and consumers have basically had time to cycle past the initial pantry loading with demand starting to mirror closer to consumption trends? Then related to that Bemis on a legacy basis has a decent amount of exposure towards meat, just given the meaningful meat production disruptions in the U.S. is that a risk for what would -- it's a high margin category for the industry.
Ron Delia: Well, maybe I'll take the second one first if I can. The meat business in North America is a big important part, but it's about 20% of the North American flexible sales. As a proportion of Amcor, it's low single-digit percentage. We really haven't seen significant disruptions in that segment. We've had some ebbs and flows in volume but no real shutdowns despite the challenges that have been well documented and that continues. One of the things that is a real advantage for us in that segment or will be longer term is the film technology in that business really lends itself to more automated meatpacking processes and more automation in those facilities going forward. Some of those plants are quite labor-intensive, as you've seen and so we think in the medium to longer term that's going to bode well for growth but in here and now no major disruptions and generally robust volume. The first part of your question was about trends. Look, I think the key message from us today is we didn't see much overall across the whole business that seems to have been impacted by COVID. We obviously see some areas where things grew better than we might expect, 4% volume growth in North America is a couple of percentage points higher than we'd expect but not astronomical. In a business like Europe, which is just as big, we saw volume growth of 1%, which is, again, sort of normal. And then obviously in China, in January and February, we had had a decline. India was shut in March. So there is really puts and takes. April has continued largely in the flexible space along the same lines. I think, as Michael alluded to Rigid's volumes have slowed a bit and everything in Latin America has slowed in April, but generally speaking, if we look across the entire portfolio, there's not much material change.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, that's helpful. Then so just related to that, Ron, on the EPS increase of, let's say, $0.02 at the midpoint excluding FX, can you help bridge that for us year-over-year? Lower interest costs looks like it will sum to roughly half of that. Is the rest from just better volume than you thought initially or is it also due to lower raw material costs?
Ron Delia: You've got it, interest less tax -- interest and tax net is about half and then the rest is just the good organic performance of the business. We've seen momentum building in the base business throughout the year. We saw this in February and raised our guidance then and we've continued to see it through the third quarter. Volume is a part but we've had really good margin performance generally in the businesses. If you look in flexibles we've got like 150 basis points of EBIT margin expansion. Some of that synergy related but some of it is just good performance in the base business as well and the mix has been healthy with good healthcare sales and some other segments so it's a combination.
Ghansham Panjabi: Sorry, on the raw material fees, is that incremental benefit.
Ron Delia: Not so much so far. Look where Roz go from here with oil hitting the lows that it hit in late March and April we'll see but in the third quarter, we had a few million dollars of benefited similar to the first half where we saw about $4 million, $5 million per quarter. We were at about that pace in the third quarter as well.
Ghansham Panjabi: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse.
Larry Gandler: Thanks, guys. Hope everybody's doing well. My question just is about the cash flow run. Looks like given the nine months cash flow of 470 and your guidance of over a billion, it's going to rain cash in the fourth quarter. Just wondering if you can talk to whether both Rigid's and flexibles generate significant cash in that fourth quarter and talk to that cash seasonality.
Michael Casamento: I'll take this one, Larry. Thanks for the question. Look, we're really pleased to feel the cash flow is year-to-date. It's meaningfully better than the prior year and it's in line with our expectations based on the usual seasonality. Looking at the prior year, there's a couple of areas on that we've had, obviously, a lot higher earnings, which is a positive, and also really a good working capital performance. As I mentioned in my notes, we look at the working capital sales ratio, and that's reduced from 10.7% at June 30, to around 10% now, which is a meaningful improvement across the year-to-date. We're right on track to deliver the $1 billion in cash flow we talked about before dividends and typically our quarter four is always the strongest cash flow quarter, and that's for a few reasons. Firstly, Q4 is our highest earnings quarter for the year so typically you're $100 million better EBITDA in Q4 than any of the other three quarters. So probably that adds to the cash flow. Inventory cycle we tend to build imagery leading into the pig season, particularly in Rigid's and then in Q4, when it's done well, we draw that down so we benefit from that. We're going to see continued benefits from the working capital sales ratio particularly coming out of the Bemis acquisition so we've seen some benefit there. Then obviously, as we head into year-end, we have a strong focus on working capital and it tends to lead to a stronger rally than some of the other quarters. Overall, we feel good about the position and it comes generally across the board.
Larry Gandler: Okay. Just to follow on to that largest -- Q4 being the largest EBIT quarter of the year. With the volume weakness you're seeing in Rigid's, is there any concern about sort of negative operating leverage, perhaps chewing into those earnings and cash flow?
Michael Casamento: As we said in the comment flow, we've seen some softness in Rigid's volumes in April. We've factored that into our guidance for the full year. That's also factored into the cash flow guidance so we feel good about where we're at. Obviously, COVID has some other variability that we've also talked about that where we are right now we feel okay with where we're at.
Larry Gandler: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with JP Morgan.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple for me. First on Rigid's restructuring, just a couple of comments if you could, just around where you're on that cost program and when we should start to see benefits long-term.
Ron Delia: We're still going through that. We've benefited I think about $10 million or $15 million so far. There's another $5 million to $10 million to go, which will come next year. There's a couple more plants to close, which will happen after the high season at the end of the North American Summer so you'll see benefits in 2021 from the final plant closures in that program, which was announced a couple of years ago.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay, understood, then just on flexible's in the 10-Q for the quarter, for the March quarter looks like price mix was a bit of an issue there 4% headwind to EBIT. Just back could you step through there what the issue was with price mix for that business?
Ron Delia: It's mostly mixed. I think it's probably because we've got some weaker sales in Latin America as we flagged and especially cartons. Those are the businesses where sales have been weaker. I think mix tends to be lots of different things. I think we'll probably get back to you on that one, Brook, because the business is growing nicely in some of the better segments around healthcare and meat. The offset will be in Latin America and in especially cartoons.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay, I understand. I'll follow up. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes rolling in Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning, guys. Good afternoon, depending on where you are. Just wanted to follow up on that last question on pricing trends in general. I think in the prepared remarks, you might have said that price mix was a little bit negative in Rigid's. With the volumes, it seems like some regions' volumes are growing a little bit faster now than other regions. On a segment basis, it seems like the trend is consistent like you said with the long-term trends but seen some divergence between segments. So just wondering how that's affecting mix and then if you could just kind of comment on overall industry pricing in the current environment. Are people being aggressive trying to pass through some of the deflationary benefits? Or if there is any changes in competitive behavior you can ascertain.
Ron Delia: On the last one no changes in competitive behavior. I think the whole supply chain is focused on just keeping our plants running, whether you're an upstream raw material supplier or a downstream customer or retailer. I think what we've seen is reprioritization in a number of different dimensions towards just sustaining operations. So no change in competitive dynamic and certainly no change in pricing. I don't think there's any real commercial discussions happening in our supply chain right now anyway. As far as Mexico is, I think it's a 90 day period so there's a lot of moving parts. I would say in flexibles, you see the mixed benefits flowing through in the margin expansion. We're doing really well in healthcare this year, have been for several periods now; medical and pharmaceutical packaging growing well, protein packaging, which was flagged earlier, despite some of the pressure on issues in the U.S. which have been more recent that business continues to grow well. So generally speaking, the mix has been positive.
Brian McGuire: Okay. And just on the margins, flexibles look like the EBIT margin stepped down a little bit from 2Q despite I would guess, a little bit more Bemis synergy capture there, just wondering if there's anything that would drive some differences in the margins between the 2Q and 3Q? And what's sort of the outlook for the margins in that business in the rest of the year?
Ron Delia: Brian, quite frankly, we wouldn't really look at the margins on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We'd be thinking about the full year. I think on a year-to-date basis, the margins have stepped up quite substantially, and we'd expect that to continue.
Brian McGuire: Okay, this last one for me. Just wondering if you're, in fact, working capital and cash flow, just wondering if in this environment, you're seeing customers look to extend their payment terms or, you know, suppliers asking for payment a little bit quicker, if just trade terms are something to be concerned about? And if you think you can kind of hold a line on those?
Michael Casamento: I can take that one, Brian. Look, I mean, we haven't seen any near-term stress from our customers who, you know, like I said, typically well placed from essential products, expected to deal with a situation like COVID. And I think having said that, we really continue to stay focused on our working capital management, which includes the customer collections and supply term, so we haven't really seen too much on that front right now.
Brian McGuire: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of John Purtell with Macquarie.
John Purtell: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Ron Delia: Hey, John.
John Purtell: Just have a couple of questions, just firstly, obviously you highlighted Rigid’s weakness in April and likely extending into May or June but you've lifted your overall guidance for the year on EPS terms, so it does imply outperformance in flexibles. I think you sort of provided some detail there, but essentially is that outperformance coming from, you know, the big developed markets in flexibles, North America or in Europe and you've called out healthcare as well? Just trying to understand where, I suppose, the offset is, if you want, versus Rigid’s.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, Rigid’s is softer in April as we flagged, I mean, it's functioning well. I think it's a week by week story in volumes when you're talking about consumer -- convenience channel business, which is where the weaknesses in North America. And Latin America is really related to the pandemic. In flexibles, we've had good momentum in North America, good momentum in Europe, building throughout the year. The Asia business weathered the storm early in late January and February but has built momentum as well. So we expect them to have a good fourth quarter. The cartons business also has built some momentum after a tough Q2 in particular. And so really at least Latin American in flexibles is the question mark, but generally speaking across the rest of the segment, we have seen and continue to see good momentum.
John Purtell: And just picking up on Latin American flexibles, obviously, you've indicated payments as a head of your first year expectations sort of overall but where does LATAM now stand for in terms of what was a disappointing start with some loss of market share?
Ron Delia: Yes, that look that business notwithstanding, you know, the last couple of weeks and the pandemic impacts has been building momentum as well. And so we've sequentially improved profit in that business in each quarter. I think we flagged that at the end of Fiscal ‘19, our fiscal fourth quarter, the business actually had a modest loss. We started to make money again by July and August, and having had profit in the first quarter, second quarter, even more so, the third quarter was better again. So despite the softness that we're currently seeing, the business has generated incrementally more profit in each quarter; and so we're on the right track there. And I think operationally and from a cost perspective, the steps that we took in July and August last year, and the headcount reductions put us in a good position. I think the customer relationships have been solidified. And we had seen some better volume trends and better comps on sales period over period in January and February than we've seen in the first half of the year, and even March. So, now I think we're dealing with maybe the last major region in the world to go through the pandemic and that's where the softness is coming from now, but generally speaking, we would say that businesses has progressed throughout the year in line, maybe even a bit ahead of expectations.
John Purtell: Thank you. And just the last one, just to clarify response from an earlier question, just in terms of flexibles, you haven't seen, or you wouldn't characterize it being a significant portfolio of demand in the quarter. So there's going to be an evening out there, you sort of see these trends in terms of at home consumption being sort of enduring?
Ron Delia: Well, if we look at the whole segment, we had pretty modest growth of 1% across the board, and we spelled out on the slide there some of the puts and takes. I think, you know, 1% or 2% buying growth is what you'd expect to see in this business. And in the first half, we had some challenges in Latin America and in cartons in particular, which had us a bit softer than that, but generally speaking, 1% or 2% is what you'd expect and that's sort of where we're at.
John Purtell: Okay, thank you.
Ron Delia: Thanks, John.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Ron Delia: Richard?
Richard Johnson: Can you hear me?
Ron Delia: I can now.
Richard Johnson: Apologies, for the terrible echoes, but if you can’t hear me, just shut. I just want to reference slide 8, and ask a question in general about emerging markets. I know you've touched on this individually across or at times through the presentation. But it looks like proportionately EMs dropped quite materially through the year. And I just want to check is that an error that you've got Australia and New Zealand in there? So if I adjusted that out, it would have come back even more. So the question really is, can you talk or give a bit more color about EM in general? You talked about China and India, but I'm trying to get a sense of where else the weaknesses has been?
Ron Delia: Yes, let’s -- answer the first question, as know that emerging markets portfolio or percentage of sales for emerging markets has not changed through the year with Bemis, we are waiting towards EMs, went down a few percentage points. I think maybe 2 or 3 percentage points overall, but that hasn't changed. Generally speaking, look, I think we've talked enough about Latin America, Asia has been relatively robust this year, save for the late January-February period in China where things obviously were quite soft, although bounced back quite quickly in March, India in March was short essentially. So we had a very soft month in India. But to that point, for the first eight months of the year, we had very strong growth in India and the rest of Southeast Asia. And then, Eastern Europe has been softer in cartons, but pretty robust in food and personal care in the flexible side. So it's a mixed bag like it always is across the EMs, but there's still a substantial part of the business and still an area where we expect to get this proportionate growth going forward.
Richard Johnson: So just to clarify, is that divide is worth $3 billion as a proportionate $13 billion, that's 23%. That's significantly lower than what it was. So is that just rounding? And if I take Australian and New Zealand data goes down even further. So you started the year at 27% in EM, but -- and perhaps we can take this offline, I just want to clarify with the right number.
Ron Delia: Let's pick it offline, Richard. The percentage in the EMs is in the high 20% in the high 20s.
Richard Johnson: Okay. Maybe [indiscernible], okay. And then, just a couple, and then just -- I just want to go back to John's question around flexibles in Europe. Can I just double-check that you haven't lost any share there? Because given the trading backdrop, you know, it wouldn't have been unusual if you've done plenty [ph] more than what trend is -- which is perhaps a note to 1% volume growth?
Ron Delia: Now, I think in the quarter, you have to remember that Europe was pretty hard hit by this pandemic in many countries in the beginning of March. And so we had probably as much of an impact in, probably the end of February or early March in parts of Europe as we had in Asia. So yes, you had some stronger sales towards the end of the quarter. But in the middle of the quarter there and France and Spain and Italy, parts of Germany, even Switzerland, we saw a pretty dramatic slowdown for a week or two.
Richard Johnson: Got it, that's helpful. Thanks. And then, just finally, for Michael, Michael, your interest guidance dropped by nearly 20% through the year, so I'm just trying to understand what the main moving parts are because that's a pretty big change through the nine months?
Michael Casamento: Well, Richard, at the start of the year, we were expecting interest rates to increase, particularly through the U.S. And obviously that didn't happen and more recently, obviously, the more recent reduction in guidance we've put through is really on the back of the U.S. one month libel, I mean, it's dropped nearly 2% in, you know, a month or two. So, you know, if you think about our debt portfolio on the fixed and floating rates and where our mix of currencies are, it’s pretty easy to understand that the interest cost is going to come down.
Richard Johnson: Got it. Thanks. That's it for me. Good luck.
Michael Casamento: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good evening, Ron.
Ron Delia: Hey, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wondered, Ron, just to start out that 4% volume in North American flexibles is one of the strongest numbers I can recall in years for Bemis or even any of the peers, any kind of particular things you would point to there, behind that growth?
Ron Delia: Look Mark, I think it's what you've -- what you've seen on, you know, all over the TV and the media. It's been well documented. I think the U.S. consumer tends to pantry load like no one else, and so sales were particularly strong in March. I think the business actually had reasonable sales in the first half. So we would have been in the low single digits, which is probably building on -- building a bit of momentum over where the business had been the last several years. So we probably started from a bit higher base, and then picked up a few more points -- a couple more points of growth in the third quarter. Really across the board, healthcare, and we keep coming back to it, but healthcare has been strong throughout the year, but in the protein segment in homecare, in packaged beverages, powdered beverages, etcetera; we had pretty good growth across the board.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And would you say that this is like just better growth from kind of a lot of the old kind of benchmark brands that Bemis had focused on historically? Are you also getting any benefit from this effort they'd had over the last few years to try to diversify their customer base and get down with some of the smaller faster growing brands?
Ron Delia: Look, I think they're doing -- the business has done a really good job in that space. So, I'd say the growth in the quarter and probably the growth throughout this fiscal year since we've owned the business has been equal parts, growth with larger customers and in the healthcare space as well as good traction with the smaller customers as well as it is with our rigid packaging business where we also have, and have had for a number of years, concerted effort to tap into that smaller end of the market. So it's across the board.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Any kind of lessons or kind of clues that you take from what you've seen in China and elsewhere in Asia, in terms of what you might expect in terms of recovery in Europe and now in North America from the COVID situation?
Ron Delia: Well, the biggest lessons that we were able to benefit from in Asia were just how to deal with the situation operationally. So in China, obviously in February, we had disruptions in a number of sites. We learned pretty quickly about the protocols to get sites up and running and protect sites, everything from how to set up printing line to ensure physical distancing to how to process hundreds of employees through temperature checks and PPE. All of that we learned through the 11 plants we have in China and the experience they went through in the earlier part of the quarter, and those lessons then were built out in Europe and carry through to Northern America and Latin America. So operationally, would be the big lessons learned. From a consumer perspective, you know, the consumers are quite different. Generally speaking, though our business is very defensive, and it's exposed to the same segments in China as it is elsewhere in the world. It's food, it's personal care, it's pharmaceutical and medical packaging. And those segments just tend to be quite resilient and defensive. So it's been more on the operational side, where we've benefited from the learnings.
Mark Wilde: Okay, last one, for me, is it possible to get some sense of what the tobacco volumes are doing kind of year-over-year?
Ron Delia: Look, the industry itself declines 2% or 3% a year and some of the customers do a great job of laying all that out. And I think they would say that the global demand in units declines 2% to 3% a year and then you have short-term periods where either there's inventory builds which provide an offset or you might have an excise tax in a major market, which builds on that decline. Our volumes would look similar from that perspective; and then, the offset for the packaging is outside of North America in particular. The complexity of the packaging is quite extensive, and so there's a mix and a complexity offset that drives the sales at a bit higher rate than the volumes.
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. I'll turn it over. Good luck in the last quarter of the year.
Ron Delia: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly with UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Just a couple of questions from me. Firstly, Ron, did I hear you say that you'd seen no significant change in cost for the manufacturing costs or otherwise so far during the third quarter? And if so, is that sustainable through the fourth quarter? I'm just wondering you’re at around sort of increase of hygiene standards, social distancing. I guess there's an offset there with things like lower travel costs and whatnot? So just try to get a better picture of that.
Ron Delia: Yes. Now look, that's exactly right. I mean, there's no material cost changes that impacted our financial performance one way or the other, or that we expect to in the fourth quarter. There's definitely puts and takes, you know, obviously there's increased costs around cleaning and disinfecting and extra PP&E, and things like that. We have not seen yet any substantial increases in any inputs or freight or anything like that. So those are bigger cost items, and we haven't seen any real material change in those items. And then there are offsets, as you said, you know, there's generally no travel, no one at Amcor is traveling at the moment, and you just have generally less expense in that side of things. So, puts and takes but no material cost change.
Nathan Reilly: Got it understood. And finally, just on your R&D plans. I'm just wondering, the shifts we're seeing in consumer behavior, prompting a rethink on some of the R&D investment. And I guess I'm also wondering if this shift to the online channel, in particular, just create some packaging redesign conversations with customers?
Ron Delia: Yes, look, it's a really good question. Our view internally and in the discussions we've had with our customers is that the things that we have been prioritizing before this pandemic are still the things that are going to be important when we get to the other side of it, so particularly around sustainability. Bearing in mind that our investments in that space are just core to what we're doing, we're making packaging, to make that packaging recyclable is going to satisfy a need that we're all confident is going to be there on the other side of the situation that we're in now. On e-commerce, clearly there's a lot of sales of grocery and food products going through e-commerce right now and the online channel. We, at the moment, supply the same sort of packaging for the most part for that channel as we do through regular retail. Over time, gradually our customers are developing omni-channel packaging or e-commerce specific packaging, but those things take time, and that will continue. If anything, we'd expect that to accelerate, but in the here and now, that's not impacting our R&D agenda for the next let's say quarter two.
Nathan Reilly: Okay, thanks for that.
Operator: And that is the last question we do have time for. I'll now turn it back over to the speaker to end the call.
Ron Delia: Okay, operator, well, it looks like there are no further questions. Again, we thank everybody for joining us at different hours in different parts of the world and we'll end the call there. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-02-11 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Amcor Half Year 2020 Results Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracey Whitehead, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you. And welcome to Amcor's First Half Earnings Call. Good evening to those of you in the U.S., and good morning in Australia. Joining me on the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'll direct you to our Web site, amcor.com under the Investors section, where you'll find our press release and presentation which will be discussed on the call today. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance against combined comparative information. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures can be found in the press release and presentation on our Web site. Also I’ll remind you that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from historical, expected or predicted results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statement on Form 10-K to review these factors. With that, I'll turn it over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey. And thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss Amcor's first half results for the 2020 financial year. As Tracey mentioned, with me here today is Michael Casamento, Amcor's Chief Financial Officer. And we'll begin with some brief prepared remarks and then open the line for Q&A. Let's start with Slide 3 in the presentation pack. Everything we do at Amcor starts with safety and so safety is where we begin these calls as well. For some time now, our role has been no injuries and we're not there yet. But we continue to believe it's possible and we see evidence of that with over 150 of our sites injury free for six months or more. And our overall recordable case frequency rate for the half was 3.2 per million man hours’ work. The rates related to Amcor business during that period was 2.1. And we know from past experience that acquired businesses typically have higher numbers of injuries, and this is no different with Bemis. So our primary focus this year remains on aligning the Amcor's safety practices across all of our sites, and on building on the progress we made in the first six months where we had a 6% reduction in injuries across the company. We look forward to providing updates throughout the year as we drive towards eliminating all injuries. Moving to the five key messages we have for today on Slide 4. First, we've had a good first half with the business delivering solid earnings growth and strong cash flow. Second, taking into account the good first half performance, organic growth expectations for the rest of the year and faster delivery of synergies, our outlook for constant currency EPS growth has improved to a range of 7% to 10% for the year. Third, integration of the Bemis business is progressing well, not only in relation to synergies but also in terms of the organic earnings growth delivered by the business, as well as the opportunities we see to leverage our customer value proposition, which has been improved as a result of the combination. Fourth, we're continuing to lead the way on sustainability. We're uniquely positioned, fully committed and taking action on multiple fronts. And then finally, our market positions and our exposure to defensive consumer segments leave us very well positioned to continue generating consistent returns for shareholders, regardless of macroeconomic conditions. Slide 5 provides a summary of the first half results where we delivered strong overall earnings growth, synergies at a faster pace than we had initially expected. And we returned a significant amount of cash to shareholders. Sales were generally consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. Sales revenue down 1.4% in constant currency terms and excluding the negative impact related to pass through of lower input costs. Volumes grew modestly in our larger flexible packaging businesses in Europe and North America, and there is no volume impact on sales in Rigid packaging. However, sales were lower in Flexibles Latin America, and especially cartons. EBIT was up 4.4% in constant currency terms with 8% EBIT growth in the Flexibles segment, driven by mid single-digit organic growth, plus synergy benefits of approximately $20 million. Earnings were lower in the Rigid Packaging segment as we highlighted would be the case on our first quarter earnings call. EPS increased by 11% in constant currency terms, and the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share. Free cash flow before dividends was strong and we returned more than $600 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the half. Before handing over to Michael, who will cover financials in some more detail, just a few words on the Bemis acquisition, I would go to next slide, Slide 6. First of all, the integration of the two businesses is progressing very well. The two legacy companies are functioning as one, and the excitement and the focus demonstrated by our employees has enabled the Flexibles business to simultaneously grow organically and to surpass the synergy targets we originally set for the first six months of the year. The response from customers has been very positive, given Amcor’s enhanced global value proposition, which includes a broader and more sustainable product offering. Now, in terms of synergies, we delivered $30 million overall in the first half, which was ahead of our initial expectations and are mainly coming from overhead reductions and procurement benefits. We've increased our guidance for the current fiscal year from $65 million to $80 million in synergies, and we feel very confident in our ability to deliver the full $180 million by the end of fiscal 2022. So the key takeaway today is that we feel very good about where we're at in terms of the integration and the delivery of synergies. I'll hand over to Michael, and then I'll come back and talk about some of Amcor’s longer-term opportunities.
Michael Casamento: Thanks Ron. Good morning, everyone. Starting with the Flexibles segment on slide 7. Sales of 1.4% were lower than the prior period and constant currency terms and excluding a negative impact related to pass through of our input costs. This reflects the continuation of the volume trends experienced in the first quarter, which Ron just mentioned. Adjusted EBIT was up 8% in constant currency terms and in addition to delivering synergy benefits, the base business performed very well with organic growth of 5%, driven by strong cost of funds across the businesses and benefit for the normal time lag in recovering more material costs. Overall, we're really pleased with the way the Flexibles business did performed, and we’re excited about the long-term opportunities for the newly combined business. In the last since months, we've secured a number of long-term commitments in North America based on the strength of Amcor’s enhanced value proposition, and we continue to improve the cost base in Latin America, as well as taking steps to reduce the complexity in that business. Turning to Rigid Packaging on Slide 8. Sales of 1.6% than the prior period in constant currency terms after excluding 2.4% favorable impact to revenue from passing on lower raw material costs, and this was driven by unfavorable product mix given the sales volumes were flat during the period. I think in the second quarter we’re in constant currency terms, which was expected given the business cycle the particularly strong comparing period. In North America, overall mix was unfavorable in both beverage and specialty containers, which also made some higher costs in some of our plants. This compares to the prior period, which benefited from exceptionally strong mix. Beverage volumes were flat compared with last year with the hot fill container volumes 4% higher, supported by market growth and share gains as a range of customers launch new products in PET format. In Latin American, volumes were 2% higher, however, earnings were lower than the prior period as mix was unfavorable and the business benefited from early recovery of cost inflation in Argentina in the second quarter of last year. Most importantly, for the Rigid Packaging business, we expect to return to profit growth in the second half of the year and this is taking into account in our full EPS guidance. On Slide 9, adjusted free cash flow of $310 million was in line with our expectations, and keeps us on track to generate more than billion dollars for the year. One of the consistent highlights for the business has been our working capital performance. And on a like-for-like basis, the working capital to sales ratio is improved by 30 basis points in the half to 10.4%. And we will maintain our focus in these areas to reduce this ratio further overtime. Free cash flow and proceeds from assets divested to complete the Bemis acquisition enable us to return more than $600 million in cash to shareholders during the half. Of this, $391 million was through dividend payments. Amcor has a strong track record of cash return through a competitive dividend, and it was great to enter the prestigious S&P 500 dividend aristocrats on February 1st issue. The remaining $223 million was returned by reposting nearly 22 million in shares through to the end of December. We’re roughly halfway through the 500 million share buyback program that we announced in August of 2019, and we're on track to complete it by the end of June 2020. On Slide 10, we have provided some balance sheet highlights. In simple terms, the balance sheet remains strong with leverage at 2.9 times, and we continue to be in a very comfortable position with access to a diverse range of funding sources at very competitive rates. Combined with our ability to generate significant free cash flow, the balance sheet provides flexibility and capacity to simultaneously invest in the core business, pay a compelling dividend, buyback shares and growth through acquisitions. Finally, moving to our outlook on Slide 11. The business is delivering good first half results and we mentioned building in relation to the delivery of synergy benefits, and lower expectations for our interest costs. Our outlook for adjusted EPS increased to a range of 7% to 10% in constant currency terms. This is now inclusive of $80 million of pretax synergy assets, an increase of $15 million from previous guidance, and assumes net interest costs for the year will fall in the range of $210 million to $230 million, which is $20 million lower than previous guidance. Corporate costs, tax and cash flow were all in line with our expectations for the first half and as a result, we have reconfirmed guidance to each of these metrics. All guidance is in constant currency terms and assuming average exchange rates for the first half of 2020 prevail for the balance of the year, currency headwinds would have an unfavorable impact to reported EPS of approximately $0.01 per share. So with that I'll hand back over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Before we turn the call over to you for questions, we're going to lift out of the details for a few minutes and focus on the longer term. And Slide 12 recast Amcor strategy, which has not changed we've described it many times before. We have actively managed our way through a focused portfolio of businesses in four product segments. And each of those businesses benefit from a small number of differentiated capabilities, which we call the Amcor way and which provide real competitive advantage. And then finally, our aspiration is to win four key stakeholders. And for investors specifically what it means, taking the strong cash flow we generate and deploy that in several ways to generate value, which I'll describe on the next slide. Slide 13. This is Amcor's capital allocation framework, and it provides a perspective on how we think about generating value for shareholders overtime. And over the last six years, the outcome of allocating our cash and the capital in this way has resulted in average value creation of about 4% per year through combined EPS growth and dividend yield. And looking forward over the next few years at a time when uncertainty and volatility are high, we have clear visibility to controllable sources of value through continued organic growth and $180 million of cost synergies from the Bemis acquisition, along with continued strong cash flow to fund the compelling dividend and to complete the $500 million buyback we announced in August of last year. As we did in the first quarter, I want to touch on sustainability, which remains the most exciting organic growth opportunity we have at Amcor, and it's not a new topic for us. And we've been fully committed to making a positive difference here for several years now. In fact, made our first public aspirations in January of 2018 over two years ago with our 2025 pledge and in August last year, we demonstrated that conviction again by committing another $50 million of investment to accelerate our sustainability agenda. And over the course of our journey, we've developed some particular points of view, which are outlined on Slide 15. Firstly, Amcor makes primary consumer packaging that actually touches and holds food and medicine, and other consumer products. And as world population and consumer needs grow, we believe there will always be a role for that type of packaging. First and foremost, to reduce food waste which is around 30% globally and contributes, by itself, 8% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Second, we know that consumers have come to expect a lot from packaging, and they want packaging that works well, is lightweight, convenient, easy-to-use, cost-effective, great looking and the list goes on. And now they have expectations that the packaging has a responsible end of life solution as well that doesn't result in more waste in landfill or the ocean. And the third point is, we believe that's possible and the way to get there is through responsible packaging. And lastly and most importantly, Amcor is uniquely-positioned and taking action on that front. When it comes to responsible consumer packaging and elimination of waste, we believe a total system solution is required across three elements. First, smart packaging design that takes into account environmental impacts throughout the product life cycle and that means packaging that's recyclable, reusable or compostable, made from recycled materials and that uses less material in the first place. And second is the right waste management infrastructure needs to be in place, whether that's recycling, or composting facilities, or returnable systems. And finally, consumer participation is critical to properly dispose of packaging in an inappropriate way, either by recycling, or composting or in fact reusing. There are couple of other important things we believe when it comes to responsible packaging. Responsible packaging also does not mean no plastic. In fact, our customers continue to use and believe in plastic, because it provides great functionality, it's fully recyclable and it's clearly advantaged versus other packaging materials from an overall environmental footprint. And the benefits of plastic relative to other materials will grow over time as waste management infrastructure increases and consumer participation grows as well. When it comes to making responsible packaging a reality, Amcor is uniquely-positioned starting with package design through our innovation capabilities. On Slide 17 I think it’s evident, Amcor is already offering customers a broad range of responsible packaging options to help them accelerate their own sustainability agendas, including packaging made from recycled or bio-based materials, packaging that's recyclable, reusable, or compostable and of course, lighter waste packaging that results in a lower carbon footprint. In making these products available, we're addressing the materials that go into the package, the environmental effects of manufacturing and distributing the product, as well as how the package will flow back into a circular economy rather than becoming waste. And these options are available today in both flexible and rigid formats, and there's a continuous flow of new product introductions. In flexible packaging, recent examples include the first recyclable stand-up pouch for liquid products in Thailand, which is also a multilayer material, multilayer structure and a lighter weight recyclable tray with a recyclable barrier for protein applications, both of which you can see here on Slide 17. And Slide 18 includes examples in the Rigid packaging business, which includes converting the existing products to 100% recycled PET, converting from other package formats to PET and re-launches of iconic brands in the PET format. And by evolving to these more responsible packaging options, Amcor will have reduced our annual consumption of virgin resins by more than 200,000 tons by 2025. And in that process of doing so, we will have supported the development of an effective and more sustainable market for recycled resin by creating cumulative demands of more than a million tons over that time period. And finally, as the industry leader, we're actively sharing our expertise and perspectives, directly with consumers through our podcasts and social media channels, with customers through bilateral sustainability summits and with participants across the entire supply chain through our partnership network. We've had a number of strong long-term partnerships for some time now and we'll add others to maximize our reach and impact. As a recent example, Amcor joined the World Economic Forum this year and had a seat at the table with leaders from the world's largest companies, many of whom are Amcor customers and suppliers. And by contributing in a number of discussions, which were focused on redesign of the plastic’s value chain and the new plastic’s economy global commitment, two things became even more clear; one, we're fully aligned with our customers and our suppliers in our perspectives and our goals; and two, there's a shared determination to develop a waste free future and to do that with pace. When we announced our 2025 pledge, we knew Amcor have the opportunity to make a positive impact on the world, and to lead the industry through better packaging. And we're more confident today than ever that Amcor is uniquely positioned to capture that opportunity and to deliver on our commitments. Summarized on Slide 20, we're pleased with our first half results and confident of delivering against the increased financial outlook we have for this year. Capitalizing on the value and the potential of Bemis acquisition is one of our top priorities, and that integration is going very well with momentum building every day. We're acting with confidence and conviction to drive change as we progress towards our 2025 sustainability goals. And we're excited about the many other opportunities we have to drive long term growth and maximize shareholder value. With that, we'll be happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: You raised the full year guidance, I think by about a half a cent at the middle of the range. And I think the benefit from the higher synergies and lower interest cost expenses maybe a bit more than that if my math is right. I'm just wondering when you think about organic EPS growth. Has anything changed versus three months ago? And how do you think, just generally, about upside or downside to the full year guidance for the remainder of the year?
Michael Casamento: We feel really good about the first half. I think that point has been clear, and so we increased our guidance for the year, as you pointed out. I think what I would remind you is it is a range. We've given a range again today of 7% to 10% in constant currency terms, up from 5% to 10%. And what that suggests is that we feel pretty good about the full year. I don't think we see anything markedly changing about the business organically or otherwise in the second half. If we think about where the opportunities may come from to hit the high end of that range, obviously, better top-line growth would help, maybe a more favorable raw material environment and certainly, continued acceleration of synergy benefits would help us to get there. And obviously on the inverse, the inverse would be true as we think about the bottom of the range. Although, I think what you can take away from today is that we've minimized the downside risk on the financial year, which is why we've raised the bottom end of the EPS growth range.
Anthony Pettinari: And then just switching gears, are you seeing or do you anticipate any impact from the corona virus disruptions? And can you just maybe remind us Amcor's footprint in China and any regions that are impacted?
Michael Casamento: Yes, it's an evolving topic. Obviously, it changes by the day. But just to contextualize it, Amcor has got a big flexible packaging business in China. We have about 12 plants spread across the country, although, none in the Hebei provice, which was the epicenter of the virus. We have about 3,000 people and it represents roughly 4% of sales. So it's a big important business for us. Firstly and most importantly, as far as we know, as of today, none of our employees have been stricken by the virus. And our plants are actually all operating, which is great. Many operated right through the New Year period, because we're supplying health care products. Others came back online last week and this week. They're not all running at full tilt, because we don't have all the employees back and our customers are not all operating, but our businesses are functioning. Now the impact on the business in the second half will remain to be seen. Obviously, we didn't have any impact in the first half. Any impact on the business would be in front of us. And while it's an important business for us and it's going to be a real big part of our story going forward, it's not ultimately material in the grand scheme of Amcor's about 4% of sales, as I said.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess, first off on the comments of the long-term commitment secured in North American Flexibles. Can you just give us more color on this dynamic? Is this incremental business or is it purely just extending contract terms? And if it's incremental, how should we think about layering this in as it relates to the next few quarters?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good pickup because we feel really good about that. I mean one of the highlights of the integration so far, has been the customer reaction. You know as we talked about, this is a deal that should be exciting for customers. It should not be threatening in any way, because there's not a great degree of overlap in similar regions with similar products around the world. So I think the customers are rightly seeing it as a complimentary combination of two companies. And that's manifesting itself in wealth in a number of commitments, which we highlighted today. I think what I would say is, it's a combination of business that's been locked down and secured with a little bit of incremental share of wallet gain at some of these customers. I wouldn't think that, there's a material impact that needs to be layered in, because we're talking about four or five deals with customers all of whom are important, but out of hundreds and in fact thousands of customers in this business. So I think what it says to us is that we are avoiding any substantial negative synergies. And if anything, we're getting some, let's say positive revenue benefits in the form of locking up business and maybe picking up a little incremental share over time.
Ghansham Panjabi: And just in terms of EBIT for Flexibles, it looks like it was up about $38 million for the first half versus the previous first half, plenty of which was from synergy. And so of the remaining $18 million, how much of it came from the timing lag you referenced of raw material cost recovery?
Michael Casamento: We had about $5 million in the first quarter. We had a similar type number in the second quarter. So all up we had about 5% organic growth, part of that would have been from the raw material lag, or the recovery, I guess, you could say of the raw materials. But we're pretty happy with the organic growth of 5% generally.
Ghansham Panjabi: And will that continue into the second half the way you see it right now? 
Michael Casamento: Look, it remains to be seen. I think the pace of raw material movements is relatively benign overall if you look across the global portfolio of spend, and you might have a little bit of a benefit in the quarter that we're in. But beyond that, it's difficult for us to say, it looks more benign than anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Larry Gandler: Ron, just a question on North America following onto that. The statement here says North America volumes grew in high value protein. First question is, did volumes in North America overall grow. And one of the things that challenges, I think, us analysts is the external data is showing some pretty weak food and personal care volume performance in North America. Just wondering if you could talk about where you guys maybe picking up pockets of growth. You mentioned a few here. So first question is did overall volumes grow? And two, can you talk about where you're capturing that growth?
Ron Delia: First, simple answer to your first question, yes. Volumes grew overall both in North America and in Europe, which is really pleasing, because those are our two engines in Flexibles. Those are two big businesses, neither of which are in dynamic growth markets as you pointed out. So if we can get a little bit of growth through volume in those businesses, it's good to see, so absolute volume grew in both North America and Europe. In fact, in similar end markets in both regions, protein, healthcare, liquid products, which are coming out of cans and into big pouches, particularly in the back of food service outlets, coffee, pet care. So a number of the higher value add segments, we're seeing good growth. Generally, if you were to aggravate the whole FMCG space, I think it's no surprise that volumes grow generally with population, maybe 1% or 2% and then you have all kinds of mixed impacts in there between different types of customers in different types of segments. I don't think that's going to change much from period-to-period. And then it's up to us to migrate our mix towards the higher value add part of that overall space.
Larry Gandler: With regards to your customer mix, are you picking up volume at the small end of town or are the large customers also contributing to your volume growth?
Ron Delia: It's a little bit of both. In some of the segments I just mentioned, those are driven -- as some of that growth is driven more by the larger customers. We also see some of the larger customers in certain discrete segments, I can think of dairy or cheese is one where some of the larger customers are losing share. But we know that we're picking up the share that they're losing at retail with some of their smaller competitors. So it's a combination. Obviously, the big engine in these businesses is the MNCs, but the incremental growth is disproportionately coming from the smaller companies that we're also serving.
Larry Gandler: And last question from me, perhaps for Mike on the finance side. Looking at the cash flow target, a $1 billion adjusted free cash flow, maybe less $100 million for one-off, so call it $900 million, that's a big jump in the second half and same thing with the free cash flow after dividends going from minus $81 million, to $300 million to $400 million. When you look at the line items above in that Slide 9, are you anticipating significant reductions in some of those items like interest and tax and CapEx, and maybe even comment on working capital, how that's going to evolve into the second half?
Michael Casamento: Typically, our cash flow is much stronger in the second half, and we do get higher rate in the second half, so there’s seasonality there. We expect there’ll be some working capital improvements as we’re standing in the first half that will continue to flow in the second. So generally speaking, that's the normal trend we see and that's what we expect in the second half more around the seasonality.
Larry Gandler: So simply seasonality earnings and working capital will get you to that $900 million?
Michael Casamento: Yes, correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Patel with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Patel: Just had a couple of questions, just in terms of Rigid, obviously, flagging second half improvement there. Appreciate the sort of comps movement. But you sort of -- in terms of what's driving that, you’re getting some restructuring cost benefit flowing through and the likes of Pepsi recapturing share? Is that part of this too?
Michael Casamento: It's a good question, John. I mean, we did flag, we had growth in the first quarter, first of all and we were pretty pleased with first quarter. We did flag that the second quarter would be tough, which has a lot more to do with last year than this year. We're okay with this year's performance. It's really cycling at pretty difficult 90 day period when you look at it on that sort of basis versus last year. It's a combination of things. Last year in North America, we had particularly strong mix, not just in product segments because we obviously have had hot fill growth again this year, but with our customer mix and to some extent our end markets in specialty containers. And in Latin America, we had a better mix of outcome last year. We also had an early recovery of inflation in Argentina last year, which benefited. So those two things really made it a difficult 90 day comparative period in Q2 for Rigid. But we do expect the business to get back to growth in the second half from a profit perspective. The good thing is that volumes have continued to be robust so overall volumes were pretty much flat with hot fill going up 4.5%. Latin America, we had couple of percentage points of growth too. So now it's just about profit conversion and cycling a better competitive period in second half, which we expect will lead to profit growth.
John Patel: And just second question, in terms of sustainability impacts in this result, it appears relatively steady state, but in terms of where you're seeing the benefits in this result and also where you're seeing the negative impacts, I know you've called out, continue to call out North American order. But where are you seeing the positives and negatives, I think perhaps in this result and looking forward?
Ron Delia: John, I think it's becoming more and more of an opportunity for us as we get into it further. So I would say that we don't see any negatives in the result at all. In fact, the positives that you can take out of the result related to our sustainability agenda would come from some of the comments we made about the customer commitments. The reason that we've re-upped with most of these customers that we referred to and someone asked about earlier, is largely because of our shared sustainability agendas and our innovation developments. Customers are more inclined to want to work with us now than ever before. And not just because of the Bemis acquisition in the bigger footprint, but also because we're completely aligned on the innovation required for sustainability. I think the other thing that we highlighted today is there's been a number of new product launches in PET and plastic, which suggests to us that the format is alive and well and customers are doubling down on that format more than anything. And then I guess the third thing, which I don't know if it's in our materials. But over the last six months, there has been an increasingly balanced dialog externally, including some very supportive comments from our customers who have been very supportive of plastic packaging generally and its role in reducing greenhouse gases and reducing food waste. And then in PET, in particular, we've had basically the two major brand owners come out in very, fairly vocally, or fairly strong language support to the PET format. So I'd say, John, if you took the six months view no negative impacts at all, but two or three real positive indicators, maybe not financial, but generally, about the environment we’re in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Debbie Jones: First, I wanted to see if we can get some more detail about fixing -- the comment you made about fixing the cost base in Latin America. What do you still need to do there? And then is that the really the only thing that you're focused on to get to where you want to be, or are there other things?
Ron Delia: Debbie, the last part of your question I missed. The first part was about the cost base in Latin America and whether there's anything else that we need to do there. And you tailed off at the end there. Can you repeat the end of the question please?
Debbie Jones: It was basically what you just said. Is that it, or are there other things that you might still address in the region as well?
Ron Delia: Yes, this relates to the Flexibles business in Latin America and then particularly the legacy BMS business, which we flagged a few times now. First of all, what we are doing, well, let's set the context first. So before the acquisition closed, the business was performing at a very high level in the quarter or two before it closed, it had deteriorated a bit, lost some sales and ended up in the fiscal fourth quarter last year losing money, which we've flagged. And we get a hold of the business in mid-June last year and the first thing that happened was we took a lot of costs out and we've taken headcount way down, we're looking at the footprint as well. So those actions were taken very early on. And the business is improving from a profit perspective with each month. So it's absolutely improved quarter-over-quarter, it's actually improving month-over-month from a profit perspective. Despite the fact that the presales take longer to regenerate, it always takes a lot longer to regain sales and it does to lose them. And so in addition to the cost actions we've taken, we're working hard on getting the top line back to where it can and should be and has been in the past. So that would be the other thing. And then the third thing I would point out is we probably flagged this before, but it's a fairly complicated portfolio as we see it. We try to keep things even more focused and more simple. And that business functions, when I say the business, the legacy Bemis business, in particular, in a number of segments that we haven't historically been in. And so we're taking a close look at that as well. We took one step in the first half. We sold out of a joint venture we had to produce tube laminates in Brazil, it’s a small business, good business, very good business, which is not a one that we're in anywhere else in the world. And so we sold out of that JV as a step towards simplifying that portfolio a little bit further. So it’s combination of costs and getting the top line going again and making sure we're focused from a portfolio perspective.
Debbie Jones: And then my second question, not really sure if it's something you can answer. But I'm curious on the target for less virgin resin, the 200,000 tons by 2025. What is that implication for you in terms of volume and mix if you hit that? Is this just people cycling into at this type of recycled resin versus virgin, or do you plan on acquiring new customers? And then on that just below it’d be on Slide 18, the effect of market of 1 million tons. Out of curiosity, where does that come from? How do you identify what that market is? And kind of regionally or by end market, what is the addressable market there?
Ron Delia: Yes, and I'm glad you asked about it, because it's an important topic which we spend a little more time on it. So this is all about the rigid plastics space in North America, in particular and Latin America. So in the Americas where we make rigid containers out of PET primarily, that's what we're referring to there. And as far as the reduction of virgin resin 200,000 tons a year, that's the house number based on the current glide path. We are actually kind of putting an inflection point now where we're seeing the percentage of recycled material that we're processing it's pretty much double this year. And assuming we kind of continue at that new level, we'd be reducing our virgin resin by about 200,000 tons a year. Now I think it's fairly conservative. There's no reason for us to be, anything other than conservative, in that number. But I think it's more likely that one that’s using more over time rather than less. But nevertheless, we're on a glide path to see us replace 200,000 tons of virgin resin with recycled PET all in the next five or six years. And then still doing -- and that's with existing customers, as well as just the normal mix of business that we have today, and that's just where we're at. As we do that over that five or six year period, we will have been out in the market sourcing that 200,000 tons plus of recycled material, over five or six years, that's over a million tons of a cumulative demand. And we think that's going to be important, because it helps underwrite the much needed investment that's required to not only fund waste management infrastructure but also to fund the processing capacity that will be required to actually convert recovery bottles into post consumer recycled resin, and so we're just flagging that. One role we can play here is as a demand creator and we'll be active in that market for those who are seeking to invest and deploy capital in that space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian McGuire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Brian McGuire: Just wanted to piggyback on that last question and your response there Ron. Just interested to see over the last couple of months, what progress you've seen in the supply chain along the waste collection and processing side, that's going to lead to an increase in our PET supply. Actually you and a lot of others have targets to use a lot more recycled PET in the next couple of years, and a lot of the companies have made commitments to buy it. I'm just wondering if you've seen the infrastructure already start to be put into place to actually make that supply available for you.
Ron Delia: Brian, it's a good question and that is the challenge, right? I mean, everyone's got great aspirations and expectations but now the capital and the infrastructure has to follow. I think it's hard to assess over a short period of time. I think generally the momentum is there. I think you see that momentum in the form of increased commitments. You see companies like Amcor talking about, I know our willingness and readiness to buy every pound of recycled material we can get our hands on. You can see the big brand owners making similar comments. You can see Coke and Pepsi teaming up to launch an initiative called every bottle back, which is helping on the front end to drive collections. You see Nestle making public commitments about putting money behind buying recycled material, so I think it’s coming. I don't know that we could point to specific investments over the last 90 days that would meaningfully move the needle on supply. But I think all the momentum is headed in the right direction and all the components of what's going to be required are falling into place.
Brian McGuire: And just a question on the outlook. I think previously you talked about D&A being similar to CapEx in the kind of $450 million range. It looks like after stripping out the amortization from deals, it was only $96 million in 2Q and kind of ran just a little bit north of $200 million in the first half. Just wondering if that $450 million is still a good number for the year, or if it's maybe going to be coming in a little bit lower than what you thought initially?
Michael Casamento: Typically, we would spend CapEx kind of in line with depreciation, so around that $450 million mark. We were a little behind that in the first half just slightly behind. I think that's pretty typical when you're doing an integration of the size that we’re doing with payments. We expected we got to be there and thereabout by the full year. At this stage, might be slightly low but that's what you should expect to see.
Brian McGuire: And then just last one for me, just trying to kind of bridge from the first half EBITDA to the second half outlook. I think the EBITDA was $911 million in the first half, it sounds like maybe $10 million of that was some timing benefits that may not recover -- recur in the second half. So maybe $900 million is the starting point if we could pick up $20 million for increased synergy capture, then seasonality, seems like it maybe adds $50 million or so. So is that directionally about right, something in the kind of nine high $900 million in EBITDA through the back half of the year?
Ron Delia: Brian, we're giving our guidance on an EPS basis. I mean, you can get there a lot of different ways. I think the key for us is that we're going to get to 7% to 10% constant currency EPS for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Johnson with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Richard Johnson: Ron, just returning to the commentary you made around the long term contracts you signed in Flexibles in North America. I was just trying to put that in the context of all the longer term arrangements that Bemis themselves have put in place prior to you acquiring the business, which I seem to remember involve pretty significant price incentives. So I'm just sort of trying to understand how I should think about what you've done relative to what they have done? Is it completely separate or is it sort of one and the same thing as part of the same process?
Ron Delia: No, it's separate. I mean look the business has thousands of customers and dozens of large FMCG customers to go with a thousands of small customers that it has. Any contracts that were in place when we bought the business are still in place. We're just referring to positive momentum that we've had with customers where there is a contract, let's say that's up where that matures where we've made really good progress in terms of just re-upping that business, none of which are material on an individual basis. In fact, they’re probably not material in aggregate other than to suggest that the momentum is very positive on the commercial side of the business.
Richard Johnson: And then just on raw material, I was hoping you might be able to give me a feel for how what the, on Rigids, what the contribution in the first half was from your restructuring program?
Ron Delia: Not a whole lot in the first half as we flagged. We've got $20 million to $25 million of total benefits come through that program. We had about $10 million so far. We didn't do much at the end of the last fiscal year that would have benefited the first six months of this fiscal year. We're going to get back on with several plant closures later this calendar year, which will deliver the remaining $10 million to $15 million benefits that we expect.
Richard Johnson: And then just to confirm that your plant closures net, net don't result in any overall capacity reduction in the system that you've got in North America. Is that right?
Ron Delia: Not in any meaningful way. I mean, there might be on the margin in certain types of products, but that's not really the intention. The intention is to lower the fixed cost base, the structural cost base and to consolidate essentially similar and in fact growing volumes in fewer number of facilities.
Richard Johnson: And I just want to reconcile what you're doing with your business, which obviously makes perfect sense was the common share your get out of the beverage can producers who are all in full expansion mode and adding capacity, it seemingly way but that kind of -- in fact, they sold out. So I'm just trying to sort of understand, the same to you all the color you put to your growth opportunities in that business when you are effectively taking out capacity and they grind very aggressively?
Ron Delia: No Richard, just to clarify. I think I just said that we're not taking out capacity, where we do see a number of plants that are [Multiple Speakers]. No, we're retiring older assets and putting the assets and the capacity in a smaller number of factories. But our business is expecting to grow, it has been growing. If we take a step back around the package formats and the mix and what's happening there, particularly in cans, we see an overall liquid beverage market, non-alcoholic beverage market growing about 2% and this is just based on scanner data. So it's not anything proprietary. We see the market growing about 2% in the back half of the calendar year, which lines up with our fiscal year. We see the PET portion of that market also growing at 2%. And we would see canned volume growing at about 3%. So what it says to us is that plastic format continues to grow at least with market, cans have grown well as well and there's enough growth for both. I think where the can growth has been extraordinary, has been in the alcoholic space. And I think the industry data would suggest this as much, and beer in particular and hard seltzers and things like that, it's been outstanding growth. But that's not a part of the market that we've been participating in or are interested in.
Richard Johnson: And then just finally on sustainability, I was just interested to get your view on, if you look at the consumer packaging industry across the entire value chain. I mean, what part of that chain actually holds the key to solving this issue right from raw material producers through to the converter to the customer, and particularly the seasonal markets as well? And the reason I asked the question is, if you think about the numbers that Nestle had talking about, they’re obviously significantly higher than the numbers or investment they’re make in this process than the converters are doing. So I'm just trying to understand when you stand back in that and look at the problem in its entirety, or look at the issue and all the solution in its entirety. And who really holds the key, is it the customer or is it actually the raw material producer?
Ron Delia: I actually think its equal parts converter, brand owner, waste management provider be that a regulator or private enterprise and consumer. So I actually think it's an equal parts those three. I think it's less about the retailers and probably a little less about the raw material suppliers. I think it's more about those other actors. And I think that's why we feel really good about our position, because ultimately you need a combination of materials and you need other functionality design into packaging, which no raw material supplier provides today and we don’t envision in the future will provide. So the converter has a critical, critical role there. I think the brand owner has a role in making sure things move quickly and with the right set of tradeoffs in mind. I mean these products are not going to be cheaper initially and the brand owners are going to have to kind of live with that in the early days. Waste management infrastructure is mission critical, because it's not in place everywhere and it's a fragmented landscape depending on the jurisdiction we were to focus on. And then I don't think we can underestimate the role of the consumer, because whether the answer here is recycling, or even reusing, or composting, the consumers have to do something different than what they've been doing and what do today. They have to use -- make use of their compost facility, or their reuse system, or their recycling. And that's not an insignificant shift. So I genuinely believe its equal parts those four part, the equal contribution from those four parts of the value chain.
Richard Johnson: Do you have any formal sort of corporate agreements with any of your key customers to develop particular products? And the reason why I asked question, and you might well do is that sort of I just don't know what they are. Whereas I do know and your customers talk very loudly about the arrangements and development project cycle of material producers and reusable packaging systems and so on and so forth. So it's so easy to find those out. So I've thought of NGOs. Is there anything particularly you can point to that would help us sort of understand what the converter is doing in conjunction with any customers?
Ron Delia: Well, the clearest manifestation is the new products we launched. Those don’t come by our own activity in isolation. We do have several what are called joint business development agreements or joint product development agreements with customers that are typically separate from commercial contracts where you've got almost like a product development contract, if you will, in a number of segments. In fact, across our entire business, we don't have all customer names associated with those. But that's where the innovation and the new product development comes from that leads to the examples that we've highlighted today and kind of highlighted before.
Operator: Your question comes from Scott Ryall with Rimor Equity Research. Please go ahead your line is open.
Scott Ryall: I have been thought some specific questions around the sustainability slides, Ron. On Slide 17, you've shown a recyclable stand-up pouch in the context of that pouch being multilayer and all of that. How do you define recyclability in this respect please?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good point that -- it's a good pick up that it’s a multilayer materials, because recyclable doesn't have to be in single layer or monolayer. And in this particular case, it's a combination of different polyolefin materials that are brought together to provide the functionality that's required for this home care product line, which is set of generation, it’s I think the laundry -- so laundry detergent that's pictured here. As far as the definition of recyclability, there are industry standards out there that are facilitated and being developed by NGOs, and particularly Ellen MacArthur Foundation, which is the leading authority on the space and has gotten signatures from 450 companies behind what's called the new plastics economy global commitment around certain definitions. And so, there is a specific definition of what means recyclable has to be recycled today someplace at scale, and this particular product would meet that definition.
Scott Ryall: So you'll come -- so that was where I was really getting through with the recyclability at scale. I had thought they talked to that also at scale in the market. Are you comfortable in -- I think you said Thailand, is that recyclable in Thailand?
Ron Delia: I don't know that it is recyclable in Thailand. But the definition at this stage is recyclable at an industrial scale, because the infrastructure has to be developed in different parts of the world. And so it's also a guide to what the infrastructure agenda should be in different markets around the world.
Scott Ryall: And then a quick question on your next slide, which you -- on 18, which you clarified the less virgin resin and what you want to signal as your demand creation? Can you just confirm for me how much of your virgin resin in North American Rigid that would represent please?
Ron Delia: I don't think we break it out publicly. We're one on the larger buyers [Multiple Speakers]…
Scott Ryall: But are you getting up to a material proportion, I guess, of like you said a material proportion of the 200,000 tons?
Ron Delia: Let me help a little bit there. This year, we're going to exit the financial year, converting more than 10% of the resin in our Rigid Packaging -- in our PET resin and our Rigid Packaging business will be recycled resin. So that's why I referred earlier to an inflection point. We're accelerating at very rapid pace the proportion of the resin we convert as recycled and this year we're going to exit at over 10%.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us today. And on the call there, operator, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for joining me. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-11-10 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Amcor First Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tracey Whitehead. Please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thank you, and welcome to Amcor's 2020 First Quarter Earnings Call. Good evening to those of you in the U.S., and good morning to those in Australia. Joining me on the call today is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, amcor.com under the Investors section, where you'll find our press release and presentation which will be discussed on this call. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance against combined comparative information. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures can be found on the press release and presentation on our website. Also, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from historical, expected or predicted results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Amcor's SEC filings, including our statement on Form 10-K, to review these factors. With that, I'll hand over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss Amcor's first quarter results for the 2020 financial year. As Tracey mentioned, with me here today is Michael Casamento, Amcor's Chief Financial Officer, and we'll begin with some brief prepared remarks and then open the line for Q&A. I'll move on to Slide 3 in the presentation pack. And everything we do at Amcor starts and ends with safety, which is our first and foremost value. And so we begin these calls with safety, like we begin every meeting at Amcor with safety. And fiscal 2020 is a busy year for our leadership teams and employees as we seek to simultaneously grow the underlying business and also integrate the legacy Bemis sites while making progress against our goal of no injuries. And while we're not at no injuries yet, we are working from a position of strength, with more than half of our sites around the world injury-free for the last 12 months and an overall recordable case frequency rate of 3.6 per million man-hours worked. You may recall that the recordable case frequency rate for the legacy Amcor business last year was 2.1. And we know from past experience that acquired businesses typically have higher numbers of injuries than we're accustomed to at Amcor and this is no different with Bemis. So our primary focus this year is on aligning the Bemis sites with Amcor's safety practices, and our approach has been embraced with enthusiasm by our new colleagues. So we look forward to providing updates on our progress throughout the year as we make strides towards eliminating all injuries from our facilities. We move on to Slide 4, to the 4 key messages we have for today: first, we've had a solid start to the fiscal year, in line with our expectations for EBIT growth, driven both by organic growth and synergies; second, the Bemis integration is right on track and delivering, cost synergies made an impact in Q1 and will build through the financial year; third, we're gaining momentum on sustainability, in particular with our key customers, with whom we share the same objectives and similar perspectives on how to achieve them; and fourth, we're on track for the balance of fiscal 2020, and we're reaffirming our outlook for 5% to 10% EPS growth for the full year. Now on Slide 5, we've got a summary of the first quarter results. And before I get to those numbers, just a word on the financials that we're presenting today. The prior year numbers have been prepared on a pro forma basis as if Amcor had owned Bemis since July 1, 2018. And the key message here in relation to these results is that we delivered strong earnings growth in line with our expectations, and therefore, keeping us on track to meet our FY '20 outlook. And we're encouraged by the momentum in the base business particularly. Sales revenue for the period was in line with the prior year in constant currency terms and excluding a negative impact related to the pass-through of raw material costs. We saw growth in our larger businesses, including the core Flexibles Packaging businesses in Europe and North America and the Rigid Packaging business in North America, and this was offset by sales declines in Latin America and the Specialty Cartons business in Europe. Total EBIT was up 10% in constant currency terms with organic EBIT growth in both segments and synergy benefits of approximately $10 million in the quarter. Net income and EPS increased by 15% in constant currency terms, and the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share. And lastly, we started a $500 million share buyback which we announced in August, and we purchased nearly 6 million shares in the first quarter. I'll hand over now to Michael to provide some more color on the financial performance of the quarter and our outlook for 2020, and then I'll come back to talk about some of Amcor's longer-term growth opportunities.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. I'll start on Slide 6 with a brief recap of the results for each of our 2 segments, which both delivered organic EBIT growth in Q1. In the Flexibles segment, adjusted EBIT was up 9% in constant currency terms, and margins expanded by 110 basis points, which reflects a combination of synergy benefits, strong operating cost performance across the businesses and further benefits from the normal time lag in recovering raw material costs. Sales are broadly in line with the prior year in constant currency terms. This reflects higher sales and volumes in the core Flexibles businesses in North America and Europe, which was offset by customer inventory destocking in the Specialty Cartons business in Europe and lower volumes in Latin America. We had previously highlighted a very weak June quarter in the legacy Bemis business in Latin America. And although continuing to track at levels below the same period last year, the business has improved sales and earnings considerably compared with the June quarter. In the Rigid Packaging segment, adjusted EBIT was up over 3%, mainly reflecting the higher volumes and strong operating cost performance, although this was partly offset by unfavorable mix in Latin America. Constant currency sales were also broadly in line with last year, excluding the 1% unfavorable impact to revenue from passing on lower raw material costs. Across North America, volumes were higher, with mix favorable and volumes in Latin America were in line with last year. However, mix was unfavorable. Turning to Slide 7. As Ron mentioned, we are pleased with the progress we are making on the Bemis acquisition overall. First of all, the actual integration of the 2 businesses is progressing very well. As we reported in August, we achieved the quick start we had planned for, and we have 2 legacy companies functioning as 1 with no issues around systems or business processes. Everything works, and if you were to walk through any of the facilities around the world, it would be hard to tell we've just brought together 2 different companies. We are not taking the good start for granted, but so far, we have been able to keep the focus on moving the company forward. In terms of synergies, we delivered $10 million in the first quarter. And at the current run rate, we feel very confident about delivering our guidance of $65 million for the current fiscal year and $180 million by the end of the third financial year post transaction, which will be fiscal 2022. To date, the synergies have mainly come from overhead reductions within the Flexibles business and corporate functions. During the first quarter, we continued to reduce G&A headcount and took some of the actions necessary to accelerate procurement synergies. We also announced the start of consultations for 2 additional plant closures in Europe, which means we have now announced plans to close 4 plants in total to date. The key takeaway is that we feel very good about where we are in terms of the integration, and synergies will represent a significant driver of EBIT growth for Amcor over the next 3 years, including an increased contribution through the remainder of fiscal 2020. Moving to our outlook on Slide 8. First quarter performance was in line with our expectations, and as a result, we are reaffirming the 2020 guidance we shared with you in August. We continue to expect adjusted EPS growth of 5% to 10% in constant currency terms. Using current exchange rates, we would expect minimal FX impact from translation. So this guidance continues to imply a constant currency range of $0.61 to $0.64 per share. This is inclusive of $65 million of pretax synergy benefits. There will be very little impact in the fiscal year 2020 from the share buyback, given we will only see a marginal decline in the average shares outstanding for the full year. Corporate costs, interest, tax and cash flow were all roughly in line with our expectations for the quarter. And as a result, we have reconfirmed full year guidance for each of these metrics as well. Looking forward, it's worth mentioning briefly here that sales in Rigid Packaging in fiscal Q2 last year were particularly strong on the back of favorable product mix in the North American beverage business, and especially so, given the second quarter in that business is typically the seasonal low point of our fiscal year. So given the unusually strong comparison, we expect Rigids to assume a more normal seasonal pattern this year, and earnings in the second quarter will be lower than Q2 last year. Most importantly, our full year guidance had already incorporated this phasing and remains unchanged. So with that, I'll hand back over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Before we turn it over for your questions, we're going to lift out of the details a bit to focus on the longer term for a few minutes. And Slide 9 recaps Amcor's strategy, which has not changed and which we've described publicly many times. We've actively managed our way now to a focused portfolio of businesses in 4 product segments. Each of those businesses benefits from a small number of differentiated capabilities, which we call The Amcor Way, and which provide real competitive advantage. And our aspiration is to win for core key stakeholders. And for investors specifically, the strong cash flow that Amcor generates gets deployed in several ways to generate value, which I'll describe on the next slide. Amcor's capital allocation framework is on Slide 10 and provides some perspective for how we think about creating value from our cash flow for shareholders over time. Now over the last 6 years, the outcome of this combination of shareholder value drivers has averaged about 12% per year. And looking forward over the next few years, at a time when uncertainty and volatility are high around the world, we have clear visibility to controllable sources of shareholder value through continued organic growth and $180 million of cost synergies from the Bemis acquisition, plus strong cash flow to enable a growing and compelling dividend and the $500 million share buyback we announced in August. Moving to Slide 11 and sustainability. As we've highlighted many times previously, the single most exciting organic growth opportunity for Amcor comes from the increasing consumer demand for more sustainable and environmentally-friendly packaging. And on the topic of sustainable packaging, we have some particular points of view that I want to spend a few minutes walking through now and which are summarized on Slide 11. First, let's remember that Amcor is a consumer packaging company and we make primary packaging. By primary packaging, I'm referring to the package that actually touches and holds food or medicine or other consumer products. The fact that we make primary packaging for food and health care is important because we have a strong point of view that there will always be a role for that type of packaging. In fact, several roles, including preserving food and health care products, protecting products through increasingly demanding supply chains and helping our customers promote and differentiate their brands. And we know, for example, that properly engineered food packaging can extend the shelf life of many basic food items and help to reduce food waste, which is around 30% globally. And packaging that helps reduce that number not only provides more food for more people around the world but also helps reduce the environmental impact of food waste, which accounts for roughly 8% of global greenhouse gas emissions. And to put that in perspective, if food waste was a country, it would rank third behind only China and the U.S. in terms of greenhouse gas emissions. So feeding the world's growing population and protecting the planet from climate change are 2 of the defining challenges of our time, and there will always be a role for properly-designed packaging that can help address both. Next, turning to Slide 13. We have to acknowledge that the requirements and expectations consumers around the world have for packaging continue to increase. We know that consumers have come to expect packaging that works well, is lightweight, convenient, easy to use, cost-effective and great looking. And now they have an additional expectation, and that's for packaging to have a responsible end-of-life solution that doesn't result in more waste or more packaging ending up in landfills or the ocean. Now we see no end in sight for consumers looking for increased convenience generally, including from the packaging they interact with daily. We see sales of single-serve products or products with functional packaging continuing to rise, for example, and at the same time, consumers have been buying more environmentally-friendly products and also expressing a willingness to pay more for them. And how much more do they really have to pay? Not much, actually. In the case of most rigid plastic containers, we are switching to 100% recycled resin as many of our customers are doing currently. Even if that recycled resin carries a 20% cost premium would lead to a retail price increase of less than $0.01 or less than 0.5%. So we believe the way to address the growing consumer concerns around waste is through responsible packaging. And we also believe that responsible packaging requires a total system solution with 3 parts: first, the right package design; second, efficient and accessible waste management infrastructure; and third, active consumer participation. It's clear we need to continue to design packaging to be recyclable, reusable or compostable. We need to continue to design packaging made from recycled materials. And of course, we need to continue to design lighter-weight packaging using the least amount of material in the first place. But equally important for responsible packaging is the right waste management infrastructure, whether that's recycling capacity or composting facilities or equipment to support returnable systems. And even when that infrastructure is in place, we still need consumers to actually use it and to properly dispose of packaging in an appropriate way in order to reduce waste. Now we also believe that Slide 14 indicates responsible packaging does not mean no plastic. And we know that greenhouse gases and climate change are important consumer concerns. And on those dimensions, plastic's clearly advantaged versus other materials and just as recyclable. So in addition to all the great functionality plastic packaging provides consumers, there's no environmental trade-off so long as the package is properly disposed of, which is also true for any type of package, no matter what material it's made from. And our customers are crystal clear on this point, as evidenced by recent comments they've made publicly, a couple of which are on the slide here, and by their continued commitment to plastic packaging generally. So we believe there will always be a role for packaging. Consumers expect more and more from it, including less waste, and the answer is responsible packaging. And so finally, we also believe that Amcor is uniquely positioned to lead the way in finding solutions. As the industry leader, we have the scale and resources to innovate and develop new products. We're seen as the partner of choice for collaborating with customers and other stakeholders, and we have the technical expertise to help inform the debate and educate consumers, particularly around topics like recycling. So we're increasing our support for key partnerships, particularly those focused on waste management, and we'll be increasing and accelerating our external engagement generally. We're core partners with The Recycling Partnership, which recently joined with the leading beverage companies in the U.S. to launch the Every Bottle Back initiative, as well as the Materials Recovery for the Future project, which also kicked off the first curbside recycling program in the U.S. to accept flexible packaging along with other recyclables. And of course, we remain core partners in the Ellen MacArthur Foundation's New Plastics Economy initiative, which has brought together over 400 organizations across industries and around the world to work together to help solve the issue around packaging waste. And finally, as you'd expect, we're innovating and developing great new products at a rapid pace, typically in partnership with our major customers. This month, we've been helping a major food customer transition an iconic brand to a container made from 100% recycled material. We continue to win awards for our packaging innovation. And last month, we took home another one for one of our paper-based materials. And we also continue to introduce new flexible packaging structures that are fully recyclable. All of this innovation and product development will help us reduce our use of virgin plastic by more than 200,000 tons by 2025, while providing consumers with the same great functionality that they currently enjoy. So to close off and summarize on Slide 17, the 2020 fiscal year is off to a solid start. First quarter results were in line with our expectations and we've reconfirmed our full year guidance. We're making great progress on our longer-term priorities, including maximizing the benefits from the Bemis acquisition and taking a leadership role on sustainability, all of which will further differentiate Amcor and create meaningful value for shareholders. And that concludes our opening remarks. We'd be happy to take your questions. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Kang with Citigroup.
Daniel Kang: Just pleasing to see that you mentioned that overall volume growth was shown in Flexibles in North America, Europe and also in Rigids in North America. Just wondering if you can provide some detail on the product categories where you are seeing this strength? And also maybe provide some color in terms of the magnitude, if possible. That's my first question.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we had growth in Flexibles in North America and in Europe that you would expect and that we're used to seeing, which is very low single digits. That's what we would expect from the business and that's what we've seen in our business historically. Areas of strength continue to be health care, that would be true globally. We continue to see strength in liquid packaging or packaging requiring higher barrier structures, coffee packaging, generally. These are actually the same segments that have grown both in Europe and in North America. And then outside of that, we see growth in some of the emerging markets. I didn't mention Asia in the prepared remarks, but Southeast Asia and India in particular, we continue to see good growth as well. So I think like any period, Daniel, there are segments that are going really well and there are segments that are softer. But generally, we're very pleased with, particularly the bigger parts of the Flexible Packaging business through Q1.
Daniel Kang: Got it. And Mike, in terms of operating cash flow, I noticed that first quarter is a negative number. Can you talk us through the seasonal drivers for first quarter operating cash flows being negative?
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, as you stated, the cash flow was an outflow in the first quarter. I mean this was in line with our expectations and meaningfully better than the prior year. And it also enabled us to -- this was included in our full year guidance, and so we were able to confirm that full year guidance as being cash flow of, after dividends, of $300 million to $400 million, and that's before $100 million of integration costs. So we indicated back in August that our cash flow will vary widely from quarter-to-quarter and versus prior year. And typically, it is seasonally weaker in the first half as we come off a strong, the strongest quarter in Q4. So we'd expect that in Q2 it will improve. And -- but a reminder there that we will also have 2 dividend payments in Q2 as we realign to the quarterly dividend program. So one of those, obviously, was declared in August, and we paid that in early October, and then the one that was declared today will get paid in December. So that will have an impact. But typically, we see the first half cash flow as a small outflow and we don't see any difference at this stage.
Daniel Kang: Got it. And just finally, in terms of your guidance for profit growth to be 5% to 10%. Given the 15% growth in the first quarter that you generated and the synergies that were only $10 million out of the $65 million that should be generated this year, are you actually running ahead of your guidance of 5% to 10% for the full year?
Michael Casamento: No, no. Look, I think we were expecting the result we had. This is really in line and that's why we confirmed the guidance where we are. There were a couple of things in things like corporate cost and interest that we had a lower number in this first quarter, but that will ramp up as we progress through the period interest. Yes, so I think that's what we see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Reilly with UBS.
Nathan Reilly: Just in relation to the Bemis integration process, it sounds like you're tracking pretty well there from, I guess, an operational point of view. Just curious how you've managed to the customer expectation levels through that in terms of delivering to their requirements through that process. And then I'm just wondering how you're placed at this point to start driving some of the revenue synergies through cross-selling initiatives and whatnot. Just give an update on that would be fantastic.
Ron Delia: Yes. That's a good question. Look, the first priority with customers is to make sure that we're keeping our eyes on them. The integration is a massive undertaking internally, and the thing that we're most on watch for is that we become too internally focused. So the first priority with regard to management of customers is spending the same amount or more time with them than we had previously. So that's been priority 1, 2 and 3, is just being as attentive as we can possibly be. And I'd say that's all gone very well. I mean I think as Michael commented, the integration, the nuts and bolts of it, has gone very well, and that includes our continuing service and quality levels with customers, which hasn't missed a beat in any part of the business, which is just great. And that gives us a great foundation from which to start to talk about the benefits of the acquisition for those customers and those conversations are continuing. They're accelerating. I think we've probably talked about this publicly a few times, but this deal, unlike some others, is a little less threatening to customers, because there's very little direct overlap. And there's very little -- very few examples where the 2 companies were supplying the same products to the same sorts of customers in the same regions. And so really, the onus is on us now to turn the acquisition and the combination benefits into value for customers. And I would say they continue to be highly engaged and optimistic. And the topic of sustainability is the one real thread that has made us even more relevant to the customers of both legacy companies. It's early days to talk about traction on revenue synergies. I think those conversations evolve over time. And I think I would say watch this space on that. We're not expecting anything material in the next couple of periods here.
Nathan Reilly: Okay. And just finally, just on the sustainability agenda. I'm pretty sure that when you sold your health care assets, you had an intention to allocate some of the proceeds from those sales towards some investment in sustainability. Can you just give us an update on what that is shaping up to look like at this point?
Ron Delia: Yes. It's really going to be the 4 buckets we talked about at the time in August. First of all, you're right. We divested some plants to satisfy the trust regulators and get the deal approved. That liberated $550-odd million of cash after tax. And we said we're going to commit $500 million of that to a share buyback and $50 million to advancing our sustainability initiatives. And the money is going to go in 3 or 4 big areas. Firstly, the R&D infrastructure that will really help us turbocharge the product development efforts is a little bit uneven. We've got more infrastructure in certain parts of the world than others. By infrastructure, I mean customer prototype and design centers, pilot equipment, et cetera. So that will be 1 area. Second is some capital equipment to make some of the products that are more sustainable, whether that's handling recycled resin or some of the flexible structures that require different types of coatings and things. And thirdly, putting some more money behind our partnerships. And there's some really exciting things happening with our partnerships, including in the U.S. with The Recycling Partnership and their support for the Every Bottle Back initiative. So those would be the big 3. And then ultimately, we're -- we want to make sure people know we're open for business from an innovation perspective, and we'll do a bit more open innovation sourcing, which will require some investment as well. So that's where the money will go. No update in terms of something specific to point to, but those are the themes that are being worked through and will evolve over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brook Campbell-Crawford with JPMorgan.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Just one on raw materials for Flexibles. Apologies if it's in the materials already, but what was the impact to sales and the benefit to EBIT in that Flexibles division from the pass-through of raw materials?
Ron Delia: Yes. The EBIT benefit was very similar to what we saw in terms of magnitude in the second half of fiscal '19. So we had a modest benefit, about $5 million in the quarter, which is basically the same pace we were at in the second half. As you might recall, we had about a $10 million benefit for the full second half. Overall basket of materials was modestly lower but not really material. I'd say that we're sort of at the same pace for the second quarter, but nothing in a substantive -- nothing to impact the results substantively that would change either the outlook or the results for the period.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: And I'd appreciate any sort of comment on the sales line as well. Just trying to understand the 0.8% decline really for Flexibles sales that would have been pulled down a bit by raw materials. So either on a growth rate basis or absolute dollars, the impact on sales?
Ron Delia: Yes. Just basically, the sales would have been roughly flat.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay, great. And speaking about Flexibles and Specialty Cartons and the destocking there, which influenced that business, and can you help sort of outline what level of decline?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I mean, this happens from time to time in this business. And as we report on a 90-day cycle, it will become more evident that this happens. I mean customers manage through excise tax changes or packaging regulatory changes in different ways, depending on the jurisdiction. And in the quarter, there were a couple of changes in Eastern Europe, where it was actually to the customer's advantage to deplete inventories. And when that happens, then we wear it through the top line. I think we've seen it before. We know that these are temporal, so we're comfortable with where the business is at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Just a first question, just on the 2Q outlook. I think did you say in the prepared remarks that you expected EBIT to be down year-over-year? I wasn't sure if that was the whole company or just specific to North America Rigids?
Ron Delia: No, we're just flagging that Rigids last year had an extraordinarily strong quarter on really strong volume and mix. And for this quarter, it will be more of a normal pattern, which typically, the second quarter in Rigids is the seasonal low for the year. So the EBIT in Rigids for Q2 will be lower than the prior period. EBIT for the company will grow, and all of which [indiscernible] driven our -- yes, and this is all factored into our full year guidance.
Brian Maguire: Okay, great. And then, I think you also mentioned that the impact to EPS from currency, you expect to be pretty minimal. I'm just wondering if that's what you said. And if so, why? It seems like the FX rates might have moved a little bit more than the minimal levels since the average of where we were in fiscal '19. And then just sort of a related question on that. I see you guys are excluding some hyperinflation costs. Just wondering what's the policy on that and why exclude that?
Michael Casamento: Yes. So look, on the currency, look, we had a very small impact in the period, it was about $3 million. Based on today's rates and the convergence of currency over the balance of the year, the impact, we don't see it's going to be material, so we've basically called out that we don't see a material impact for the year. There'll be some, but it'll be small, based on what we see if you take today's rates. In terms of the hyperinflation adjustment, really, that's just -- what we're trying to do there is provide a comparison of the results. And so we're just taking below the line the translation impact on that front to give a comparative of the period year-on-year.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And last one for me, just on the sustainability topic. Just wondered how your conversations are going with some of the supply chain partners that you're going to need to partner with to develop the sourcing for recycled plastic? I imagine it's still sort of early days with some of these 2025 targets that a lot of companies have. But as you said, a lot of CapEx, a lot of wheels need to be put in place today to kind of satisfy those goals. How are those conversations going? Are they still high level or are we at the point where you're starting to see a lot of CapEx dollars be allocated to that and actual like rubber hitting the road?
Ron Delia: I think you're seeing an intensifying of the effort generally. I mean I think first thing I would say is the big brand owners remain committed to their current package formats. That's the first thing I would say. I mean I think they're under a lot of pressure and they need to show traction and evidence of progress and they're making that. But they remain committed to providing the consumer the same experience that he or she has today, with the added benefit of a more recyclable or a more responsible end-of-life solution. So that's the first thing. I would say that you are seeing an acceleration of activity and conversations and spend. And I think the announcement in the U.S. last week from the American Beverage Association and the Every Bottle Back initiative, which is essentially a joint statement by the 3 major beverage brand owners in the U.S., is a great example of that. I mean there are hundreds of millions of dollars behind that. I think separately, each of the 3 would make the same comment that Amcor would make, which is we would happily secure and convert every pound of recycled resin that we could get our hands on. And I think you're starting to see real evidence of people putting their money where their mouth is. So I think we all know that the challenge here is not just the package design but also the infrastructure, which will require capital and coordination, but also the consumer and their understanding of how to deal with the package when it's been used, what to do with it and their active participation. So I think it'll be a journey, but there are some real green shoots to point to for increasing activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: My first, just a follow-up on some of the previous volume questions. Could you remind us why Q2 volumes were so strong in Rigid Packaging last year? And then the Specialty Carton weakness that you talked about, are you actually seeing improvements in the quarter -- in the current quarter? Or is that something that will linger into this quarter?
Ron Delia: Last year, Debbie, in the second quarter, we had -- first of all, for the whole half last year, we had double-digit growth in hot-fill, which is the higher value-added part of the rigid beverage business. That volume growth was pretty benign in the first quarter last year and was just extraordinary in the second quarter. And that's not going to happen again. We're in a more normal pattern. And that's all -- that's all been out there for a year, so it's consistent with the results for last year. On Specialty Cartons, we definitely see signs that the destocking will abate. I think that it will continue a bit into the second quarter. There's a couple of changes in Russia and in Turkey, in particular, which will go into effect in the beginning of the calendar year. And so as you work your way towards January 1, you start to see the impact of the destocking dissipate as consumers or as customers resume normal ordering patterns. So it's not something that will linger into the second half, but the second quarter will have a bit of a negative drag as well.
Debbie Jones: Okay. And then my second question. By the way, the slides I thought were very helpful on sustainability and responsible packaging and the message around the carbon footprint. My question is really around the waste infrastructure and kind of your optimism and thoughts about whether that can improve sooner rather than later. I know that's like a very broad question, but you sounded pretty optimistic about some of the programs you threw out there that are being supported by your customers or whatnot, but it's just -- it's a little unclear to me what -- where the optimism lies and like how soon that problem can be addressed, because it seems like one of the big issues around kind of shifting away from some of these other forms of packaging.
Ron Delia: Well, look, I think what we're seeing is the brand owners realizing that the format that their consumers prefer, just like all the other formats, has to have an outlet in a responsible way. So we need waste management infrastructure regardless of whether you're talking about a can or a glass bottle or a PET container. And I think what we're also seeing is those brand owners remain committed to the same sort of mix that they've had. So they realize now that they've got to shift gears a bit. And if you go back over several decades and you just think about the positions that several of the actors in the value chain have had on things like bottle bills, things like sponsorship for this sort of activity, waste management in particular, I mean and how that's shifted pretty dramatically, that's where the optimism comes from. I think it comes from the fact that if the consumer wants a package that is fully recyclable, can be turned into a new package over and over and over again, then they have a choice, because PET is just as recyclable and just as reprocessable as any of the other substrates. They don't have to give up the functionality that they have come to enjoy and appreciate. But they also now have a particular desire to see a more responsible solution and that's going to require infrastructure. So I just think the pressure through the system now is at a point where there's action and not just words. And how fast does it get addressed is a good question. I mean you would know in the U.S., only 60% of households have access to curbside recycling. That's not enough. And you'd know that in the U.S. it's fragmented, right? It's city by city, municipality by municipality. So it'll be a journey. But I think that today's consumer is educated enough and committed enough to helping ensure that outcome and the brand owners are following. So that's where the optimism comes from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Purtell with Macquarie.
John Purtell: Just had a couple of questions. Look, just in terms of sustainability, I mean you've obviously highlighted some of the longer-term issues. But just in terms of what you're seeing as far as impacts on the business in the short term. You've called out North American water, but what other impacts are you seeing, either positive or negative, on the business right now?
Ron Delia: Look, that's a great question. I mean the short answer, John, is we really don't see anything in the here and now. I mean if you look at the industry figures, and everyone focuses on PET, which is the easiest one to focus on, it's not the biggest part of our business, but it's obviously quite visible. If you just take PET and beverages in North America, the growth in the third quarter was the strongest quarterly growth that PET has had in the last 5 or 6 quarters. And so there doesn't seem to be any real shift in terms of demand patterns in the market at large. That's the first thing. So we don't really see it impacting the business. I think where we see action in the business, not so much in the results, but in terms of activity, is sourcing of recycled materials. No question, that's intensified, our own activity in sourcing more recycled material. And then I think the other thing is, obviously, the product development agendas and the dialogue with customers is probably increased by an order of magnitude. So those are the current impacts you see on the business. Today, it's more activities, activity level, as opposed to financial statement income -- impact.
John Purtell: Okay. Just sorry, lastly -- sorry, a 2-part question here for the second. Just in terms of North American Flexibles, what drove the higher sales and volumes? I mean obviously, you've got a couple of things happening there in terms of growth in protein, in terms of meat and cheese, but weakness in dry goods. How did that sort of play out?
Ron Delia: Well, for our business, really, the growth in the quarter was from health care and from what we would call liquid packaging or packaging that is a -- has higher barrier properties that is a substitute for metal cans or is for refillable formats as well. So it would be more the structures that provide high barrier where we saw good growth and the health care end markets, both medical and pharmaceutical, would be the particular areas of strength.
John Purtell: And just last one. Latin American volume weakness, how did that track through the quarter? And Bemis, you mentioned previously, was profitable in July, how did that track through August and September?
Ron Delia: Yes, that's -- well, that's right, John. I mean the softness in LatAm in the Flexibles business was primarily from that legacy Bemis business that we flagged in August. And what I would say there is really -- it's a good news story. Sales are obviously weaker than prior period. They continue to track weaker than prior period. But the business is in a much better place. It's returned to profitability for the quarter. The bottom line has benefited from the quick actions that were taken in the summer -- northern summer around the cost base, the headcount takeout and some of the other things. So I think we probably feel a lot better about that business than we did 3 months ago or 2 months ago when we last spoke. But the top line is still soft, and I wouldn't say that there was any major shift through the quarter sequentially. So we're going to wear a bit of a softer top line there, but the business is back in the black.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano with Vertical Research.
Salvator Tiano: So wanted to ask about your Rigid Packaging. Firstly, can you clarify a little bit the mix impact in Latin America? Because it seems sales, excluding currency and raw materials, were still down despite both the volume and mix in North America. So I'm trying to understand a little bit what was the mix impact that drove the entire segment down.
Ron Delia: Yes. The mix in this business is driven by a number of factors, but one is -- that impacted the quarter primarily was the product mix in Latin America. So if we sell more preforms and less hot-fill containers, that will have a negative mix impact, both on the sales line and the profit line, and that's really what we're referring to there.
Salvator Tiano: Okay. And can you also provide a little bit more clarity with regard to North America volumes. What drove the growth? Was it hot-fill, cold-fill? How did you do on specialty containers? And are you essentially -- do you believe you're growing with the market or are you still gaining market share like plastics have been doing historically?
Ron Delia: Look, I think our growth was pretty flat in the beverage space. We had good growth in some of the other segments, food and health care, which we would put in the specialty bucket. I mean I wouldn't read too much into the 90-day period. I'd say generally, the format took a bit of share and grew about 2.5%. And we, over time, have been gaining share and that hasn't changed. But I think for the quarter, it would be safe to say the volumes are more or less flat in the beverage categories, with a little bit of growth in the specialty space.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And one last question. We've talked about sustainability. And it seems the companies that do make plastic packaging are now starting to fight back and make a stronger case for their product. And the corporate world seems to understand that you have these [quotes] by some of your very large customers about the importance of plastics. But have we seen any change in the attitude of legislators?
Ron Delia: That's a good question. Look, I mean I think -- maybe I'll respond to the first part of the question. I think there's no doubt there's a shift in the communications from the big brand owners over the last several months. I think you can track comments by any of the large MNCs, and what I think you see is a much more balanced position on the topic. I think you see an acknowledgment of the impact of greenhouse gases. I think you see an acknowledgment of the need for more waste management infrastructure. And I think you're also starting to see the acknowledgment that the consumer has a role to play in this. That even with the right package design and even with the right waste management infrastructure, we still have to make sure consumers understand what they're supposed to do at the end of the use of a package and that they actually do it. So I think I would say that the narrative, particularly from the industry at large, and that includes our suppliers and our customers and probably some of our competitors, I think the narrative is much more balanced and helpful and informative. As far as what legislators and regulators have to say on the topic, I'd sort of -- I'd probably not comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Gandler with Crédit Suisse.
Larry Gandler: If I can just ask some finance questions to start. Just in terms of net debt, in the GAAP balance sheet, if you just take the liability, short- and long-term, less cash, you get about $5.5 billion. Michael, can you sort of reconcile that to about the $5.3 billion of adjusted net debt in the media release?
Michael Casamento: Just give me 1 sec here. All right, I just have a -- I mean the net debt was -- we ended at $5.2 billion for the period. Are you taking...
Larry Gandler: $5.2 billion, sorry, yes.
Michael Casamento: Yes, $5.29 billion was the net debt and that's after taking into account the cash balances and the short- and long-term debt position, so.
Ron Delia: What's the number you're looking at, Larry?
Larry Gandler: Just looking at the GAAP balance sheet in the 10-Q has about $5.5 billion if you take the long-term and short-term liabilities less -- less cash.
Michael Casamento: Larry, we'll -- I tell you what -- yes, we'll get IR to...
Larry Gandler: We'll take that offline, yes. And I guess related to that then is there's an asset held for sale of $460 million. Is that in your adjusted net debt figure? Have you sort of, or is that still to be taken off?
Michael Casamento: So I think you're actually looking -- you're looking at the 30 June numbers there, Larry. So the...
Larry Gandler: Oh, okay. Yes, you're right. Great.
Michael Casamento: You're in the wrong column. So I think that impact probably [indiscernible] the difference in the net debt as well, you're in the wrong column.
Larry Gandler: Yes, picked that up. Okay, great. Just my other question related to Latin America. And I'm just wondering, Ron, if you're starting to see reusable containers perhaps explain some of the flatter volumes in LatAm that you achieved rather than any other factor there?
Ron Delia: No. Actually, we've seen really good growth in reusables. I mean in a market like Mexico, it's double the volume of 2 years ago, but the base is very, very small. It's a low single-digit percentage penetration in terms of our mix. And it's actually -- those, the containers would be accretive to our mix as well. They tend to be high margin and there's a bit of technology in the design. So I would say that's encourage -- it's encouraging because the brand owners are also putting a lot of emphasis behind those containers in Mexico and Brazil, in particular. And we're right there in the middle of it. But at the moment, the numbers are pretty small.
Larry Gandler: Right. So that doesn't eat into your one-way package volume, having a growing reusable base there?
Ron Delia: No, it's actually -- typically, it's geared towards a different segment. So the returnables tend to be 2-liter or even 3-liter now in some of the latest formats; 3-liter carbonated soft drink containers in a refillable format. And a lot of the growth that we see in that region is in single-serve for away-from-home consumption. So it's really tapping into 2 different occasions.
Larry Gandler: Okay, great. Specialty Cartons North America. Altria reported some weak volumes there, but you guys seem to be bucking, at least in terms of revenue, bucking that trend. Just wondering if you could comment on how you guys are pulling that out?
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we -- well, we have a mix of customers in that business, as you know, and we actually had growth in the Americas, which continues the last several quarters of growth, modest but positive. And yes, that customer did have weak volume for the quarter. But look, I think there's still share opportunities in this business. There's still premiumization opportunities, which help drive the top line. And the business in the Americas is quite healthy.
Larry Gandler: Yes. That's what I was wondering. So is pricing a main driver of the better revenue performance there in the Americas?
Ron Delia: It's a little bit of all the drivers that you would expect, including some volume.
Larry Gandler: Okay. And I just wanted to ask something on the sustainability side of things. So it's my understanding that virtually 80% of the mismanaged plastic waste comes from 5 or 6 countries on the planet. So there's a lot of discussion about recycling infrastructure and waste management infrastructure, which sort of goes to the developed world. But what can Amcor do to really improve the waste management infrastructure or motivate governments, perhaps even help fund that waste management infrastructure in the countries where the planet is really being affected, which is India, Indonesia, et cetera?
Ron Delia: Well, I mean it's a good point, a perceptive point. I mean I think it's -- there's a handful of rivers actually in Asia that account for a big chunk of the ocean plastics in the world. So you could start there and make a real impact. I think -- look, what can we do? I'd say it's the same mix of levers we have in developed countries as well. First of all, we got to do our part, and we've got to make sure that the packaging is recyclable or compostable in the first place. And we're making good progress there. I think secondly, we're a big company but only one company. So we're going to have to work with others. It's a big-scale macro problem and we can help inform the debate by providing insights and messaging and technical expertise. And the other thing we can do is help fund pilots and pilots can be really impactful. I mean we happen to be, along with others, launching one in Pottstown, Pennsylvania and which is the MRFF pilot I referred to earlier. And there's plenty of opportunities for us to support pilots like that in the developing world as well. So I think, Larry, it's -- we can make sure our packaging is designed right in the first place. We can help inform the debate, including with governments, and then we can also help contribute in the form of pilot projects that can then eventually scale up. So it's -- I'd say it's a full-frontal attack on multiple dimensions.
Larry Gandler: Do you think these countries need a resin tax, which I've raised a couple of times in my research, to help fund waste management infrastructure? Do you think that's a solution?
Ron Delia: Look, somebody has to pay for the infrastructure. And I'm not sure that a resin tax that is applied just to 1 substrate is the answer, because ultimately, the issue here is waste. I don't think that a tax on 1 type of material, which may disadvantage it versus others, is necessarily the right answer. But as it relates to things that are closed-loop in nature, where the funding that's generated goes directly to the required infrastructure, we're much more interested in those sorts of solutions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Johnson with Jefferies.
Richard Johnson: Ron, could you talk a little bit more generally about the performance of the Bemis assets in the quarter? And I'm particularly thinking about it in relation to the $112 million it's reported. If I think about that number compared to what historically they've produced in the September quarter, and the fact, presumably, the $112 million's got some synergy in it and it benefits from some accounting changes, I mean is it reasonable to assume there's little or no growth from those assets?
Ron Delia: Richard, no, it's not reasonable to assume there's no growth. There is good organic growth across the businesses, both Flexibles and Rigids. We had 10% EBIT growth, of which a good chunk of that was the base business and then the $10 million of synergies that we referred to. I think you might be talking about last year's number. There's a table at the back, which is the comp, $112 million was the legacy Bemis contribution.
Richard Johnson: I'm just thinking about Bemis stand-alone. And if I think about what historically they produced in their September quarter, that $112 million doesn't suggest to me there's a lot of growth. Because that $112 million's being inflated by accounting changes anyway, when you compare it to legacy Bemis. So I'm just trying to get a sense of whether those assets have actually delivered growth in the quarter.
Ron Delia: The short answer is those assets have delivered growth in the quarter. And I think the $112 million you're referring to is last year's number.
Richard Johnson: Okay, got you. Okay, that's fine. And then second on sustainability, another very large North American packaging company yesterday made the comment that they thought the plastic replacement opportunity was $5 billion over time. So I'd just be interested to get your sort of take on that. And they called out the beverage market, which they've done previously. So I just wondered if you could update me on where the beverage overwrap business at Bemis sits at the moment.
Ron Delia: The overwrap business is -- it's one of many Flexible Packaging formats, and it's a good healthy business. There's actually technology in bundled shrink wrap for beverages. You have to go to a pretty dramatically different format with different functionality if you wanted to replace that. Doesn't mean it's not possible, but that's not a very meaningful part of the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Grant Slade with Morningstar.
Grant Slade: Just a really quick one for me on the remaining synergies that you expect to flow this fiscal year. How should we think about the remaining $55 million being allocated between the Flexibles and other segments?
Ron Delia: Well, look, the synergies are really accruing in the Flexibles space, Flexibles and corporate. I think that you're going to see the vast majority of them in Flexibles over time. I think because this year is more heavily skewed towards overhead synergies, you will see more balance in, a little bit more on corporate. And there'll be more to come. I think we called out 5 in Flexibles and 5 in corporate for the quarter. You'll obviously see both numbers grow. But as we get to the later quarters, you're going to see the Flexibles portion increase disproportionately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Chau with MST Marquee.
Keith Chau: I'll try and keep this brief. Just the first question around your discussions with customers who are ultimately trying to shift towards using more recycled import -- sorry, inputs. As this happens, will Amcor be able to pass through the cost of recycled PET, for example, straight through to customers? I imagine that recycled PET prices now sit above virgin PET in some regions. So in other words, is it simply like a pass-through like the rise in oils associated with the oil price or are the discussions with customers somewhat centered around the sharing of the burden?
Ron Delia: No. At the moment, it's a straight pass-through. I think the challenge for everybody in the value chain now is to get their hands on as much recycled material as possible. It has historically and continues to carry a premium. But I think it's clear the way the industry model has been set up over decades that the pass-through of raw materials is just fundamental to the way the business operates. So the cost of recycled resin gets passed along just like the cost of virgin materials does.
Keith Chau: Okay. And just a second follow-up on the Flexibles business. I think you briefly spoke about applying some of that $50 million of sustainability spend to, I guess in part, changing some of your assets to be able to take on new materials. Is it a matter of reconfiguring your existing fleet of assets to be able to handle alternate film products like recycled plastic or bio-based films? Or is there -- if we really take this to extremes and talk about the entire fleet being converted to be able to, I guess, handle some of these alternate or recycled films, is there much cost associated with that?
Ron Delia: No. Look, it's a good question. It's not really a question of reconfiguring the existing fleet. We have machines that laminate different materials together, and they can laminate any type of polymer substrate, whether it's made of recycled content or virgin content. So it's not so much about reconfiguring, but some of the investments will be in places where we're literally just sold out, where we've got more demand for some of the recyclable structures than we have capacity for, or some of the ancillary equipment to handle new materials and recycled inputs. So the assets in the business, both in Flexibles and in Rigid Packaging, are fully fungible between virgin material and recyclable.
Operator: At this time, you have no further questions. Do you have any closing comments?
Ron Delia: No, operator, I think we'll leave it there. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-08-20 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Josh and I will be conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amcor Full-Year 2019 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Tracey Whitehead, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Tracey Whitehead: Thanks Josh and welcome to Amcor’s 2019 year-end earnings call. This is our first call as a newly listed company following the Bemis transaction. So good evening to those of you in the U.S. and good morning to those in Australia. Joining me today in Australia is Ron Delia, Chief Executive Officer and Michael Casamento, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'll direct you to our website amcor.com under the investor section where you'll find our press release and presentation, which will be discussed on this call. We've also discussed non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and presentation on our website. I would also remind you that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical expected or predicted results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Amcor’s SEC filings including a statement on Form S-4 to review these factors. With that, I'll hand over to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey and good morning and good evening. We've got a lot to cover here today. So we'll get right into it. And we'll start where we always start with meetings in Amcor which is with safety. And refer to the slides as we go through here, we've got slide set on the webcast, and I'm referring to slide 3 here. Safety is a core value at Amcor and we have one goal which is no injuries. And we're not there yet. But our safety performance over the last 12 months has been a real highlight, with reductions in lost-time injuries and recordable injuries of 29% and 25% respectively. And this is a great outcome. And it's a testament to our leadership teams and all of our employees around the world who’re able to stay focused on what matters most, when there was a potential for lots of distractions during a very busy year. Again, the only thing that matters to us is getting to zero injuries. But just a quick word on these metrics, when we acquire businesses, they typically have a higher number of injuries than we're used to at Amcor and as a result, these metrics end-up increasing for a period of time and that happened a couple of years ago. And you'll see that happen again during fiscal 2020 when we include the legacy Bemis in these numbers. But that said, our new colleagues are just as focused on safety. And pretty soon, we'll see fewer total injuries again as we march towards our goal of no injuries. Moving to the four key messages we have for today, first 2019 from a number of different dimensions was a historic year for Amcor. We completed the Bemis acquisition. We added a listing on the New York Stock Exchange and we continue to progress our sustainability agenda. At the same time, the base business has been performing well and that's the second key message. The Legacy Amcor business delivered results in line with expectations and momentum is building as we head into the 2020 financial year. Third, when we look out into fiscal 2020, and the next couple of years beyond, we have visibility to multiple sources of EPS growth. Our base business is defensive and will continue to grow organically. There are $180 million of synergies from the Bemis acquisition and that integration is off to a good start. And then because our balance sheet and cash flow outlook are strong, we have the confidence to redeploy divestment proceeds and a $500 million share buyback. So as uncertainty and macroeconomic risk around the world seem to increase by the day, we have a clear path forward for the next few years to create value for shareholders. And lastly, and the fourth key message today, we're extremely excited at Amcor because we're uniquely positioned for the long-term. We've got leadership positions in each of our businesses, differentiated capabilities, scale and global reach that we can put together to generate growth into the future and a big part of that future will be Amcor’s continued leadership on sustainability. And today, we've announced at least $50 million of additional investments to accelerate that sustainability agenda. Now before turning to the financial results for the year, just a word on the numbers that you'll see in the materials we released today. So the basis for all the financial information, I'll remind you, again is U.S. GAAP. But we'll focus on adjusted or non-GAAP metrics, which we believe is the best way to understand the operating performance of the business. And then later when we describe our guidance for FY 2020, we’ll refer to a pro forma set of financials, so we can compare apples-to-apples as if we own Bemis for all of FY 2019. So moving on to slide 6, full-year adjusted financials, sales are up 5.5% in constant currency terms, or 3.2% if you exclude the added sales from the Bemis business. EBIT was up 5.7%, again in constant currency, with both the Flexibles and Rigid Packaging segments contributing to organic sales growth, strong cost performance, benefits from acquisitions that we completed earlier, and restructuring benefits. We continued our track record of consistent margin expansion with EBIT margins up 10 basis points, or 20 basis points up when excluding the sales impact of the higher raw materials we passed through in the rigid packaging business and net income was up 9% in constant currency terms. And excluding the Bemis earnings, the Legacy Amcor business delivered solid growth of 7%, which was in line with our expectations. Cash flow was strong more than $200 million for the legacy Amcor business and the balance sheet is also strong, so we increased the annual dividend to $0.455 per share and in addition, as I mentioned, we did use to initiate a $500 million share buyback today to further enhance shareholder returns. In the Flexibles segment, sales grew by 5.4% in constant currency terms or 2.1%, excluding sales from legacy Bemis with good growth in global healthcare and across emerging markets. EBIT grew by 6.7% in constant currency and margins expanded by 10 basis points. In addition to sales growth, organic profit growth also benefited from strong cost performance, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region and within the specialty carton plants. In the European region, overall operating costs were higher as a result of higher than expected demand in our healthcare plans. Also driving profit were the final benefits from restructuring initiatives which we started in 2016, and a small benefit from the normal time lag in recovering higher raw material costs, which was a little better than we’re expecting six months ago. And lastly, we had profit growth from businesses we acquired in prior periods which was in line with our expectations. Now as we highlighted in our news release in the June quarter, the legacy Bemis business demonstrated similar financial performance to the previous three quarters, with the exception of the business in Latin America, which delivered a marginal loss in the June quarter. Turning to Rigid Packaging on slide 8, sales grew 5.4% and constant currency terms again includes the 3.7% favorable impact from passing through higher raw materials, and EBIT grew 4.8% given by a combination of higher volumes and favorable product mix, and benefits from restructuring initiatives. In North America, total beverage volumes were up 1% and hot fill container volumes are up 7%. So overall sales growth within the regional beverage unit, which focuses on smaller customers and brands continues to track at double-digit rates. Acquisition benefits in specialty containers were offset by disappointing cost performance in two class and the closures business was negatively impacted by startup costs at the recently commissioned plant in Mexico. Latin America volumes are up 3% versus last year excluding Argentina volumes are up 10% reflecting strong growth in Colombia, Mexico and Brazil. Returns were almost 17% in Rigid Plastics and overall we were pleased with the performance this year, and we believe the business is well positioned for the future. With that, I'll hand over to Michael to talk about the cash flow and balance sheet.
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. I’m on Slide 9 now and in terms of cash flow, one of the highlights for the year was our working capital performance. The legacy Amcor business reduced the working capital sales ratio from 10.6% last year to 9% this year with improvements in a range of areas including payables and receivables days which in turn reduce our average debt levels during the year and net interest expense in the P&L. We expect the working capital sales ratio will increase following the acquisition of the Bemis business but will then become a source of cash as we work the ratio back down over time. Capital expenditure was also lower than last year, we would typically expect capital expenditure to track in line with depreciation. And this year our spend was little lower as we focused on the integration activities. Capital expenditure is also likely to be slightly lower than depreciation mid-2020 financial year as we work through the integration. Adjusting for Bemis related transaction costs and an expert pro rata dividend paid in May, cash flow after dividends was $193 million or $207 million for the legacy Amcor business only which was in line with our guidance range for the year. Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 10. As Ron mentioned earlier, Amcor’s balance sheet and financial profile remain strong. Net debt of USD 5.5 billion at the 30th of June has increased compared to last year mainly driven by the addition of the Bemis debt facilities. Leverage measured as net debt over combined EBITDA was 2.7 times after adjusting for the impact of the divested businesses. In the last several months, our Treasury team has successfully refinanced and restructured a significant amount of debt that was carried by both legacy businesses. We continue to be in a very comfortable position in relation to our debt profile, with access to a diverse range of funding sources, and appropriate combination of fixed and floating debt and with a well balanced mix of currencies, and no significant maturities in the next 12 months, demand for Amcor credit has been strong, and the outcome will benefit net interest costs in future periods. We expect the net finance costs will be within a range of $230 million to $250 million in our 2020 financial year, which is approximately $20 million lower than the combined net finance costs for 2019. So in summary, Amcor continues to generate strong cash flow, and has balance sheet capacity to fund the buyback announced today, while retaining the ability to invest in growth and maintain investment grade credit metrics moving forward. So with that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Ron Delia: Thanks Michael. I will just take a few minutes here to talk about the longer term growth potential that we see for the company. And if I refer to Slide 12, any discussion on growth for the future needs to start with corporate strategy. And the message here on Slide 12 is that nothing has changed. I won't walk through this slide, again today it's been out there for a while. And that's really the point that the strategy has not changed at all. Our approach to capital allocation and deploying our cash flow has also not changed, that's on Slide 13. This is essentially our capital allocation framework. And it provides some perspective on how we think about allocating cash for the benefit of shareholders over the long-term. The numbers have increased a bit given when our bigger company but otherwise there's not been any changes this framework today nor has been for many years now. Through paying dividends and growing the base business organically in a defensive set of end markets, pursuing acquisitions or returning cash to shareholders. Over time value creation has been strong and consistent. And a big source of that value creation in the near-term is of course the Bemis acquisition, turning to Slide 14 just for a quick recap on the strategic rationale. The combined company is the only player now in Flexible packaging with a comprehensive global footprint and in addition to being truly global, we also have a scale and resource advantage in each key region around the world. Our customer and product portfolio now benefits from increased exposure to attract event market and product segments. And these differentiated solutions can now be transferred across regions and leveraged across that global footprint. And we’ve merged the capabilities and talent from both companies to create the industry's best team who are focused on delivering for our customers around the world. So we believe and continue to believe the strategic rationale, it's highly compelling. And we also see the potential to generate significant value for shareholders as a result. The starting point for the shareholder value that will be created with the Bemis acquisition is the cost synergy opportunity, which is recapped on Slide 15 here. And firstly, I would say we're pleased with how the integration has started. We've had the fast start that we planned for, and we can confidently reconfirm our expectations for the synergies this year, as well as the phasing of those synergy benefits over the next three years. In terms of procurement, we're taking a coordinated regional and global approach and quick wins are being actioned across both direct and indirect spend categories. G&A synergies are largely associated with reductions in headcount. And we wanted to start that exercise quickly so we can put it behind us and get people focused on moving the company forward to date, head count as been reduced by several hundred people and that number will increase further. And as it relates to footprint, those projects tend to take a little longer. So generally, the financial impact will be more towards years, two and three. But we've already gotten moving on that as well. And we've announced the closure of three sites so far with some others to follow shortly. So we feel really good about where the teams are in terms of the integration and the business, and the position of the business that we acquired. As you'll be aware, we were required to divest some plants in order to secure antitrust approval for the overall Bemis acquisition. And those divestments are now complete. And since Amcor is in a strong financial position, we’re able to fully redeploy the proceeds from those divestments to create value for shareholders now, but also into the future. Slide 16 outlines how we’re redeploying those proceeds, first, in terms of the $500 million share buyback that we've mentioned, when that's completed, we will reduce the number of shares outstanding by around 3%, enhancing future EPS for the remaining shareholders. We intend to start repurchasing shares in the coming weeks. And we will repurchase shares on both the New York Stock Exchange and the ASX in the same proportion as the number of shares, currently on issue on each exchange. And then secondly, looking more towards the future. We've also committed to make incremental investments of at least $50 million in strategic projects to accelerate our sustainability agenda. In fact, moving to Slide 17, one of the most important organic growth opportunities for Amcor comes from the increasing consumer demand for more sustainable or environmentally friendly packaging. And we see this as an opportunity because we start from the premise that there will always be a role for primary consumer packaging for food and healthcare products. That primary packaging, the packaging that touches and holds the product is what Amcor does today. And our packaging helps protect food and medicine, preserves and extend shelf life and helps brand owners promote and differentiate their products. And over the years, consumers have come to expect packaging that works first of all and is also lightweight and convenient, easy to use, cost effective, and great looking. Now all of us have an additional expectation. And that is for the packaging to have a responsible end-of-life solution that doesn't result in more waste, or doesn't end up in landfill or doesn't end up in erosion. So we believe the way to address those growing requirements, particularly around waste is through responsible packaging, and Amcor is uniquely positioned to lead the way and be part of the solution. As the industry leader, we have the scale and resources to innovate and develop new products, we’re seen as the partner of choice for collaborating with customers and other stakeholders. And we have the technical expertise to help inform the debate and educate consumers particularly around topics like recycling. This is an exciting time in our sustainability journey and looking at Slide 18, it's been a really busy year and 2018 quickly to recap, we became the first global packaging company, pledging to develop all of our packaging to be recyclable or reusable by 2025, to significantly increase our use of recycled materials and to work with others to drive greater recycling of packaging. In 2019, we signed The New Plastics Economy Global Commitment, we established a sustainability Center of Excellence in Europe, introduced several new products with more sustainable properties and used more recycled content in our products in both Rigid Packaging and Flexible packaging. And then of course, we took a significant step forward by bringing together the two R&D leaders in our industry which extends our capabilities and reach globally. Just turning for a minute to product development. Our approach includes a broad range of alternatives. In terms of our raw materials, we're using increasing amounts of recycled content and in our Rigid Packaging business, PCR content post consumer recycled content is approaching 10% and more and more products, including beverage containers are reaching 100% recycled content. In Flexibles, we've made good progress as well, and we're testing films with up to 50% recycled material. In addition, we've commercialized products, which use bio-based plastics derived from renewable sources. And each year, our products use less and less material in the first place. In Amcor’s success in light weighting has been a strong point of differentiation for a long time and this year alone, our light weighting efforts have reduced the amount of virgin resin we've used by 37 million pounds. Add to that our total use of recycled resin and our consumption of virgin material has reduced by more than 5%. And then as far as reducing waste, we're making good progress as well. We now have a broader range of recycled products and commercialization trials are underway with more than 20 customers. We're evaluating a variety of compostable materials which we've had in the market for some time, and our sales of reusable and refillable PET containers in markets where refill programs exist have doubled in the last two years. By 2025, our pledge commitments will have been met. And we will have done our part to ensure consumers and the environment benefit from responsible sustainable packaging and that Amcor is continuing to grow and thrive. Before wrapping up, let me summarize on Page 19 here our outlook for the 2020 financial year and what you can expect from Amcor in what will be a transition year as we integrate the Bemis business and move to U.S. GAAP. In terms of our outlook for fiscal 2020, we’re guiding to an adjusted EPS growth range of 5% to 10% in constant currency terms. Using 2019 financial year average exchange rates, this implies a range of $0.61 to $0.64 per share. This is inclusive of $65 million of pre-tax synergy benefits, it takes into account a marginal decline in the average shares outstanding through the buyback. Integration and transaction costs related to the Bemis acquisition and other items impacting comparability are excluded from our adjusted EPS guidance assumptions. We expect cash flow after dividends to be in a range of $200 million to $300 million. And this is after deducting cash integration costs of approximately $100 million. Consistent with most companies in our industry, we intend to provide annual EPS and cash flow guidance each year. But we recognize that during a transition year like this one, additional metrics may be helpful. So we've provided those on the slides. You'll note that our guidance is related to the full-year and not by quarter. This is aligned with how we run the business and as we progress through the year, our discussion and narrative will focus on the year-to-date performance as much as possible. Of course there will be investor communications each quarter and consistent with past practice we’ll provide a comprehensive management briefing each half year. Finally, moving to the last slide. In summary, FY 2019 was a transformative year for Amcor, the underlying business performed well delivering solid earnings growth and building momentum across multiple areas as we enter fiscal 2020, capitalizing on the value of potential that comes with the Bemis acquisition is one of our top priorities, and the integration is going well. And we're delivering incremental synergy benefits every day. At a time, when there's arguably a higher degree of uncertainty in the world, this gives us clear visibility to near-term earnings growth, and we've enhanced the value delivered to shareholders today by increasing our dividend and announcing a $500 million share buyback. We feel good about that. But we're even more excited about the opportunities we have to use our differentiated positions, to drive long-term growth and maximize shareholder value. That concludes our opening remarks and we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Salvator Tiano with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Salvator Tiano: Hi guys. Hi, Ron, Michael, hi and congratulations on closing the acquisition. So firstly, just like to touch basically little bit on the cash synergies I think you have floated out the number if I remember correctly $300 million in CapEx and working capital synergies and I'd like to check first of all, if this is on track and kind of what does this mean for working capital and CapEx for fiscal 2020?
Ron Delia: I’ll let Michael speak to 2020 but the short answer on the first question is absolutely on track. We had a great year in working capital performance last year at Amcor and we expect to apply the same disciplines and degree of focus to the Bemis business. And we know going through an integration like this, there'll be less capital that gets spent in the ordinary course. And so we'll see those benefits as well. But Michael, maybe you can just speak to the 2020 aspect of the question.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think, as you saw our working capital for the Amcor legacy business improved significantly in 2019, but obviously will see an increase there because the Bemis, the Bemis business kind of tracks around at 12.5% to 13% working capital sales. So that's an opportunity for us, but clearly, that takes some time to get down and we expect to see some benefit over the next couple of years. So bringing that down over time. And then on CapEx front as Ron said, I think typically, we'd be around that in line with depreciation this year, I'd expect we're probably going to be slightly behind that. So this is again, there'll be some benefiting the cash flow as a result of multiplying that level.
Salvator Tiano: Great. And just a different question here obviously, in your rigid packaging PET bottles, you had very good year especially for the hot fill containers, but we have been hearing and I'm sure you have as well by a lot of the beverage can companies, how they’re gaining market share, how there's a lot of substitution and people are shifting and companies to beverage cans away from plastics, obviously, and you do have a slide about your very limited exposure to water bottles, but as we think about your broader exposure, including carbonated soft drinks and juices, energy drinks, what is kind of the volume outlook right now, can you sustain this growth in the hot fill business or perhaps the growth will be creamed, is there any  chance that you actually can see this business contract in the next few years gradually? Or are you confident that these growth rates can be sustained? Thank you very much.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a really good question. Look, the short answer is we feel really good about this business and how it's positioned for the long-term. If we stand back, the business is participating across all of the liquid refreshment beverage categories in North America and in Latin America as well. And it also is supplying containers into food and personal care and pharmaceuticals, so it's broadly exposed, it gets more and more diversified with each year. Within beverages, there's no question we've seen some slow down in the water market. But again, as you pointed out, only about 2% of our margin comes from water in the rigid plastics segment. So it's really not a -- it's just not an important segment for us now or nor will be in the future. Beyond that, we continue to see 2% growth, at least across all of the other categories in beverage, in plastic and yes, there's obviously a role for alternative substrates in different sub-segments, sparkling water is one where there's been a good growth in cans but also been exceptional growth in plastic and sparkling water. I think that's more of a consumer shift to that product format than a packaging issue. But going forward, we continue to see growth that looks like the growth we've seen historically in the segments we're playing in, which has generally been around 2% for a number of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Scott with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Andrew Scott: Good morning or good evening, guys. Thanks. Just one from me, Ron, I just wondered if you could talk about the guidance for the corporate line there. I think $130 million was the base were coming off. I would expect that that's probably one area where you might have had synergy opportunities as you collapse sort of two head offices into one, so interested in the growth for that to actually the outlook for that to actually growing year-on-year?
Michael Casamento: Andrew, it's Michael here, probably just to give you a bit of flavor there, as you said, the starting point is kind of $135 million and we're expecting kind of $20 million, $25 million to $30 million increase there. Part of that is to do, this year, we had quite low insurance claims. So at this stage we're guiding to a more normalized view on that front. And in addition to that, we're also looking to take the opportunity here, we think it's a great opportunity to double down invest, put some investment into our commercial, further commercial capabilities around Value Plus and Procure Plus and the like, and really take advantage of some of that across the whole of our business. So that's why you're seeing some increase there in the corporate costs.
Andrew Scott: And, Michael, would you think that that's the sort of level that we should be looking at to the next few years?
Michael Casamento: Yes, look, I think that's a reasonable place to sit in.
Andrew Scott: Okay, thank you.
Ron Delia: To be clear Andrew on the synergy aspect to your question there, absolutely our synergies in corporate. But as we've said all along, we're not going to be looking for synergies in the commercial part of the company, which is sales and research and development, certainly in the first instance. And so we want to double down there and make sure, we capture the marketplace benefits of this deal as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning. Good afternoon, guys and congrats again on getting the deal through. Just a couple questions on the guidance. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things, just the EPS guide, I appreciate the $0.61 to $0.64, I can set in assuming constant currency. So the fiscal year 2019 average currency rates just wondered if you could give a little bit of color on what impact, current FX rates might have on that $0.61 to $0.64?
Michael Casamento: Brian, you have to do the math. I think about half of the currency in fact is related to the Euro. The other half is a really broad mix of currencies across probably 15 or so that would each be about 2% or 3% of the impact. I think last year, the impact is pretty clear in terms of, Brian what does it Slide 30 in the backup might be the best guide to look at.
Brian Maguire: Okay, let's take a look at that. And maybe on the cash flow guidance, I guess $200 million to $300 million after dividends, so I’m wondering if you could provide some components within that, just wondering what you're assuming for working capital of its meaningful source of cash and do you include the proceeds from divestments of $395 million-ish or cash in the healthcare sales. And I couldn't tell if you give a CapEx number other than just saying it was going to be a little bit less than D&A. But if there's a specific CapEx number, you're thinking about, would appreciate that?
Michael Casamento: Yes, look I will take that one. The range we put out there is $200 million to $300 million. And that is after cash integration costs of around $100 million. So we don't typically break down the components within that. But as I said the guide from guidance earlier around CapEx is typically around depreciation, you expect it. So going to be slightly lower than that, this coming year, in terms of working capital, as we said we see opportunity, particularly as the Bemis business comes into Amcor, so we'd expect to see some working capital improvement, although that does take time to flow through. So I think and in terms of your question around divestment, that's not included in the cash flow number as part of that.
Ron Delia: So you can think about it as $300 million to $400 million before the integration costs, which is a step up from where Amcor has been historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Purtell with Macquarie. Your line is open.
John Purtell: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Ron Delia: Hey, John.
John Purtell: Just had a couple of questions. Just in terms of the guidance, just wanted to confirm that the guidance assumes some base business growth there. And what you see is the key drivers of that?
Ron Delia: Yes, absolutely, absolutely. Their base businesses is going well, as we said, FY 2019 we finished with some good momentum and had a good second half. So we absolutely expect it to grow into FY 2020. On top of which then we have $65 million of pre-tax synergies. So it's really coming from both, in terms of the organic growth in the business, it's the things that you would expect, we expect a modest level of top line growth in the business, more in emerging markets, which we're seeing less though in developed markets. We expect continued margin improvement as we evolve the mix. Generally each year, we've got some legacy, or let's say prior period acquisitions, which will add benefits in 2020 and some restructuring benefits in their Rigid Plastic segment, which will add value as well. So we have multiple levers with which to generate growth on the base and then the $65 million, again on EBIT synergies through the Bemis acquisition although that’s in the guide.
John Purtell: Thank you. Just the second question. And you touched on some elements of it earlier Ron, but just as far as some of the new product initiatives, supposed particularly in Flexibles, you've introduced this Amcor product and Bemis obviously has been pretty excited about their Amcor products. So just what you see is the opportunities there and how that’s changing things.
Ron Delia: Look, John, that is really exciting. I mean, the level of interest among customers for these products is just unprecedented. The  nature of the dialog with the customers in terms of the breadth with which we're engaging, and across those organizations, and the importance that they're placing on getting some of these materials, tested and in trials has been great. Now, we also have come to learn over the years that nothing moves quickly in this space with regards to new product development, shelf life, in most of the food categories, shelf life testing can be six to 12 months, just before you even can think about commercializing. So these things take time but the leading indicators are positive and the leading indicators we're looking at is the customer inquiries, I should say, the trials and testing that are being done and just the general level of interest which is quite high. So look, what we would say that those products and in particular, and others will generate top line growth, two to three years from now, but there's no time like the present to start process.
John Purtell: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Larry Gandler: Thanks, Ron, thanks, Mike. Question on Rigids if I can. Looking at the volume performance in the mix, very good considering what some of the data we’re showing. But it doesn't seem like the EBIT growth sort of reflects much operating leverage. So I'm just wondering if there's any impedance to that, you also had cost savings coming through, so maybe it should magnify the EBIT growth?
Ron Delia: Well, look, Larry. I think first of all in the volumes, there is mixed data out there. Our business is more geared towards the segments that continue to grow as we touched on earlier, we're pretty pleased with the performance, we had 5% growth in constant currency terms. And if you look across the portfolio, we had basically flat volumes in beverage across the board with positive mix, good growth in Latin America. But then Argentina was a bit of a drag overall. So 3% growth in total. So you got 1% and 3% in two big businesses, leverage to beverage converting to profit. And then in our Specialty Containers business, we flag we had two plants that really didn't perform well for brief periods of time throughout the year and we lost some money on the table there. So generally speaking, we're pleased with the year 5% constant currency growth with relatively low overall volumes and a couple of plants that didn't help us out for a couple of periods there, a couple of months, I think, we're pretty happy with the results overall.
Larry Gandler: And with the Specialty products, plants, remind me which ones they were again, or what was the issue?
Ron Delia: There are two legacy plants we've had for a very long period of time that have been good earners for us and just had some operational issues and I won't get into the details, it happens we've got 150 plants and every once in a while a couple of them aren’t going so well.
Larry Gandler: Yes, now understood. All right. And on the sustainability investment moving topics is the $50 million all CapEx or will some of that be OpEx?
Ron Delia: No, this would be mostly capital and the like. So, specifically, I'm glad you asked, because we can put a little more color to that investment that we flagged today. Look, it'll be in a few areas. We know we can add some R&D infrastructure around the world. We've got a world-class facility in Rigid Packaging, we got a world-class facility now in Wisconsin that comes from Bemis in Flexibles. We don't necessarily have the same level of infrastructure in Asia and in Europe. And so that's an area where we'll spend some money. To be some capital equipment, that will be helpful for us as we process more recycled content and as we roll out some of the new products like AmLite, HeatFlex and Shetron referred to earlier. And, we also know we don't have all the best ideas in the world. So open innovation, corporate venturing are things that we're doing more and more of. And then lastly, we're pretty active in terms of our partnership network, you would know about the recycling partnership in the U.S. and some others, and so we’ll allocate a little bit more to those initiatives as well. So it's really those three or four areas, most of that is essentially capital, I guess you could say.
Larry Gandler: Okay, and Ron can I just ask one more last question on Rigids. That's interesting, and I definitely want to explore that later with you but with Rigids, I noticed that Pepsi probably has a greater reliance on plastic containers than Coke in terms of overall beverage. I don't know if that's an observation you've made, it looks quite stark. I'm just wondering if that's your observation as well and whether that can change over time?
Ron Delia: Larry I got to admit, I'm not sure that I made that observation that that Coke is in the cold fill space operates through a different business model. They have Co-Op network that supplies most of their cold fill products. So there's less visibility generally, I would say in the market to that side, I would have thought it was very comparable. I know that our dialog with all the customers in the beverage space is quite similar in terms of their drive to smaller portions and smaller pack size in Rigid Plastics, as a primary source of growth for their various products. So I really wouldn't comment beyond that. I'm not sure I could really say with much conviction.
Larry Gandler: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Owen Birrell, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Owen Birrell: Hi, Ron, Michael. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to ask a couple of questions on this. Just wanted to delve into your pledge to be 100% of your products being recyclable, reusable by 2025. Just firstly, do you include compostable products within that pledge? And secondly, what percentage of your products are currently recyclable or reusable today?
Ron Delia: Yes, good question. Look compostable products are part of our mix in Flexibles, it's a very small percentage. We have a couple of products that we've or a couple of structures I should say under brand name called Nature Plus, Plus in Europe, that have been around for a while. We have some hesitation around that because compostable doesn't necessarily mean recyclable. In fact, quite often, consumers get confused in compostable or biodegradable structures, in some cases actually can lead to more waste and can also corrupt or pollute the recycling stream. So those products are not necessarily recyclable, but they are compostable in the right environment. In terms of the other part of the question about where we're at today, look I think it's clear on Rigid Plastics, 97% plus of our products are recyclable, in Flexibles, it's difficult to give you a number because technically speaking, a good deal of our product mix is recyclable. But that's the technical answer, and you need to have access to the right infrastructure. And so our role will be first and foremost, to make sure that all our products are technically recyclable. And we make good progress on that front every year, including some of the new developments that I referenced earlier. We also have a role to play in ensuring the infrastructure is in place to be able to actually recycle the products after they're used. And there's work to do there and that's not Amcor’s job alone, but we certainly have a part to play. So look, it's hard to give a specific number on Flexibles other than to say that the product development that I highlighted earlier and that we're heavily engaged with our customers on is getting us to a higher and higher level of technically recyclable products. And then we also have to help just the broader landscape to make sure the infrastructure is in place to actually be able to recycle.
Owen Birrell: Maybe I'll ask the question a different way. Which of your products do you think face the greatest challenges? I mean, are there particular products that actually just don't have a solution at the moment? Whether it's barrier films or certain patches and so forth?
Ron Delia: I don't think as we look across our mix, there's anything that we see that is insurmountable. It's just a question of time and development, there will be a solution for pretty much everything we make. It'll just take some product development and some time. So I would say the short answer is no, there's nothing that we see is an imminent issue that can't be solved.
Owen Birrell: Is five years enough time?
Ron Delia: Absolutely. For the technical part it is, whether society and the markets around the world have the recycling infrastructure in place in five years. That's a bigger question. I'm not sure, we have an answer to that one. But we will have done our part by 2025.
Owen Birrell: All right, excellent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Kang with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Daniel Kang: Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of questions from me on the raw materials. Ron, can you just talk about your outlook for raw materials? Is it becoming a headwind? In the past few reporting releases you did call out resin headwinds. I think it totaled over $15 million. Have you recovered all of that at this point? Is it more to come into FY 2020? And the second point I just wanted to second question on the strategic $15 million investments. I just wanted to confirm whether that was over and above the group's R&D spend of $100 million, I think combined for the company?
Ron Delia: Look the second question is a shorter is your answer that that is that $50 million is above and beyond what we spend each year. But as I think I responded to another question earlier, that's essentially going to be capital that gets spent over the next couple of years. So it's not operating expense. It'll be more investments and CapEx. In terms of raw materials, look I think as we highlighted, we had a modest benefit this year of about $5 million, if we went back six months ago, we had a modest headwind. And then we clawed that back in the second half a little bit, and then some. And yes, I'd say the short answer is we're out there recovering, you can see this sales line is reflecting the fact that prices have gone up to recover raw material increases. The outlook from here is mixed, we see which is typically what we say it's almost, it's highly unusual that we see all the materials around the world moving up in the same direction at the same time, we've only seen that a couple of times in the last decade. Right now what we see is a mixed picture. Even within regions, you see some commodities going up and others going down. And so that says to us that it's not likely to be a material driver of our profit movement from FY 2019 into FY 2020.
Daniel Kang: Okay, thanks.
Ron Delia: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Maguire: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-on question. Jus the legacy Bemis business seemed like it was a little bit weaker there in the quarter, I think you caught out some issues in Latin America. I just wondered if you could expand a little bit more on how it performed not so much just the three weeks that you owned, but just the quarter overall and then just as you look at that business in fiscal 2020 outside of the synergy capture, what sort of the outlook for growth in that business?
Ron Delia: Yes, look I think what I would say is that the Bemis business has performed well, it's been tracking as it had through 2018 and or through the first three quarters of the equivalent financial year for Amcor. And the fourth quarter in Amcor financial calendar or second quarter of the calendar year, the business in North America and the overseas businesses and the healthcare business perform well. So they I would say that the businesses is doing well, and it's got good momentum. And it continues to progress period over period. Latin American business didn't have a good quarter, as we call that made a marginal loss, I think it's just look at, they were lot week volumes, and no cost flexing, and all of which is fixable over time. But it's a complicated portfolio. And it probably needs to be streamlined a bit. So we're on that already. The business made money in July. It'll get back on track over time, but it did not have a good fourth quarter, beyond Latin America, the rest of the legacy Bemis perimeter performed very well.
Brian Maguire: Okay, and then just last one from me, just back to the sustainability conversation. I appreciate all the efforts you guys are making around recyclability. I guess as you like, think about consumer preferences and the whole debate, how much do you think is solvable through science and how much of it do you think requires really just re-educating the consumer and changing, winning over hearts and minds when it comes to people's perceptions about plastic? And is there anything you can kind of do from a marketing approach, or through your partners on a marketing approach to really change the sort of consumer perception around plastic?
Ron Delia: Yes, look it's a good question. I mean, first of all, I think on the product side, as I answered earlier, I think that the science will allow us to come up with solutions for all the products that we make, so that they’re recyclable, or compostable or reusable. That's, our part. And we can manage that. And we will over the next few years. So that part, I think is more straightforward. I think then with the education is required, it's just on the recycling end, which is where most of these products rightly should end up from an end-of-life perspective. I think there'll be a role for reusable and there'll be a role for compostable. But it's unlikely that there'll be lots of industrial composting centers built for that people will install residential composting equipment at a large scale. So I think ultimately, the answer here is largely going to be through recycling and there is some educating the consumer that's required. I mean, we have even in the U.S., only 30% of PET containers recycled at the moment. It's highly recyclable. It's a product that you can, you can reuse, for all practical purposes indefinitely, and yet the consumer doesn't recycle. So there's a bit of educating to be done. There's also a bit of infrastructure development required, which we have a role in. But not Amcor alone, we need to work with others on that part. As far as the perception goes, we continue to see growth in all of our segments in plastic. We continue to see new product introductions, we continue to see new upstart brands, look to plastic packaging. So there doesn't seem to be other than the headlines around certain categories like water doesn't seem to be any shift that’s substantive in terms of where these products or how these products should be packaged. And you have to bear in mind that consumer has a broad suite of needs. They want products that are convenient, that are functional, that are lighter weight. And most of that gets delivered most efficiently through some sort of a plastic format. That's why the industry has evolved towards plastics over the last several decades. So the answer now is to just do that in a way that is responsible, and that doesn't contribute to waste. And we think, we have a big role to play in making that happen.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Reilly with UBS. Your line is open.
Nathan Reilly: Good morning, or good afternoon. Just a quick question on the Bemis integration and the process around that. I imagine the bulk of the efforts are currently being directed at driving the cost synergies and keeping the focus on customer service levels. But I'm just curious to understand at what point did those efforts start to shift the driving some of the revenue synergies that are potentially there and leveraging a broader flexibles technology offering globally?
Ron Delia: It's a great question. Look, you're absolutely right, the effort now is on largely focused on bringing out the cost synergies, those tend to be more discrete projects. So you have a factory to close or you have procurement efforts to run and then it's behind you and the synergies are bank. So that's where most of the effort is. But I would tell you, in parallel, the commercial organization is always thinking about growth. And now they have a few more tools to deploy, as they think about how to do that. So I would say it would be understanding the effort commercially to give the impression that the thinking in that area hasn't started yet. But I will tell you, as I also said few minutes ago, the ability to generate growth in these businesses takes time, particularly if it's technology oriented or based off new product development, it typically will take a couple of years before you can begin a conversation and actually see products on the shelf. And so no time like the present. And the teams are starting to get on it.
Nathan Reilly: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brook Campbell-Crawford with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Yes, thanks for that. I just had a question on working capital. And what was the ending working capital balance for the legacy Amcor business?
Ron Delia: Yes, look Brook we’re going to have to follow-up with you on that. I mean, we've closed the books on the combined basis, as you can imagine, so we have to untangle what was legacy Bemis and what was legacy Amcor particularly from a balance sheet perspective. So we might have big follow-up with you on that one.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: That's fine, I guess then a question on Sonoco and Alusa and can you just talk about how these two businesses are tracking relative to targets you talked about at the time of acquisition as of FY 2019? And then can you quantify what sort of further benefits you’re expecting in FY 2020?
Michael Casamento: Yes, so we got benefits from both in FY 2019 in case of Alusa, that was a big driver of the acquisition related profit uplift that we refer to today in FY 2019, we’ll get more value next year. As we said, probably a year-ago, that business will be a little bit behind from an absolute profit perspective, the returns are getting close to what we originally announced. But the absolute profit is going to be a little longer to realize because there's just been no top line growth. In Latin America, the business is exposed to some economies that are particularly challenged, including Argentina. And we just haven't really seen any top line growth. But we feel pretty good about that. In fact, we've gotten revenue synergies out of that, that we haven't quantified, but have manifested themselves in a number of global customer contracts. And I think some of the growth you see in the Flexibles top line comes from some of those global deals. In the case of Sonoco, that one also has delivered value, it delivered value in 2019. It will deliver more in FY 2020. I think from an overall North American Rigid Packaging business perspective, we've expanded the restructuring, you might notice today, and we've taken a bit more holistic look at the footprint and we're actually doing more specialty container production in legacy beverage plants. So the egg is a bit scrambled at this stage, but that one also will deliver benefits in FY 2020.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, your line is open. Again, your next question comes from the line of Gary -- Larry Gandler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Larry Gandler: Thanks, Ron, for the follow-up question. With regard to the specialty cartons business, it seemed to again defy trends, particularly in Americas cigarette volumes have been really weak, but you guys are calling out higher volumes in the Americas. Just wondering if that is indeed tobacco packaging or perhaps other forms of specialty cartons? How is the growth being achieved?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. Look, it is a business that you need to peel the onion on because the conventional wisdom would be would lead you to think something other than what the reality is, the business does a great job every year of improving its mix, capturing incremental share where it can and yes in some case is diversifying a bit into specialty folding cartons for other end markets, as well as capturing growth now and not so much in the Americas but in Europe and Asia from the growth of alternative reduced risk products. So look in the Americas, it was a combination of some of those factors. I wouldn't want to parse it too finally but the business does have growth leavers at its disposal, and we had a great year in that business last year in general.
Larry Gandler: Okay, great. Thanks.
Ron Delia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano. Please go ahead. You're with Vertical Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, hi guys. Thanks for taking my follow-up questions. Firstly, just a little bit going back to Bemis. You mentioned strong performance in North America, rest of the world. I was just wondering specifically, when it comes to volumes and the company's restructuring program. I think the company was trying to attract and have achieved positive volume growth over the past couple of quarters with a lot of short run businesses. Can you tell us a little bit how this is going? Is it going as a previous management expected? And what is the outlook on volumes and benefits from this, is Amcor going to stick with that strategy or change it? Just what is your outlook on that?
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. And it's interesting. First of all, you might have been referring to Agility, which is the Bemis restructuring program, those benefits have been realized. And that program is behind them. So that's good to see they've executed well, on that in terms of top line growth, the business grows them in a similar way to the way the Amcor business grows in Europe. It's going to be 1% to 2%, sort of top line story. The focus on smaller customers to run business is, we think absolutely the right approach, the right strategy, it's an approach that we've had in several parts of our business, as well. So there's an opportunity to learn from each other there. And that won’t change. I think that's where a lot of the growth is in these end markets that we're servicing. So we're pretty excited about that that approach.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And just, obviously with this acquisition, you're greatly increasing your footprint in North America. And I think more than doubling your footprint in South America in Flexibles. So I was just wondering, are there any areas of now having this expanded database, and obviously, all the capital with your moderately levered balance sheet that you could try to invest and you know new lines of business, you could enter in Flexible packaging in these areas, in these regions?
Ron Delia: Well, from a strategic perspective, we're really happy with the portfolio we have. So we're operating now in four product categories, four product segments. And if you look back over 15 years at Amcor, we've been narrowing that focus and we're quite happy with the four categories we're now. So we won't be adding any new products beyond Flexibles, Rigids, closures and cartons. But then within those parameters, within Flexibles, there's areas that we would like to do a double down in and we were trying to improve the mix each year. Healthcare packaging is an outstanding market for us, there's more we can do there. So I think it'd be more incremental within the four product segments that we're currently participating in as opposed to anything very profound and fundamental across the whole portfolio.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Ron Delia: Okay, operator and thank you to everyone who participated in the call this morning. Thank you for your questions. We will end the call there.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-02-12 20:00:00) =====
Ron Delia: Okay. Good morning. Thanks everyone for joining us. I’m Ron Delia here to present Amcor's first half results for the 2019 financial year. And with me here today is Michael Casamento Amcor’s CFO.  As we do with all meetings at Amcor, we will start with safety and safety as you would've heard us talk about before, is our top priority at Amcor. We have one goal when it comes to safety and that’s no injuries. We’re not at no injuries yet but our safety performance was the highlight of the first half for our employees around the world. Through their commitment and passion for keeping each other safe, we were able to reduce the number of recordable injuries across Amcor by 20% compared to the first six months of fiscal 2018. And we are especially proud of this performance given we were able to stay focused and vigilant at a time when the risk of distraction was arguably higher and we know we won’t see reductions at this level every six months -- in every six month period. But we're determined to continue to drive improvements across the company until we reach that goal of no injuries.  Turning to Slide 6, and a summary of the first half. Our financial performance was in line with our expectations for the half. We had sales growth across the business and especially with multinational customers and healthcare packaging globally. And earnings growth was balanced across the Flexibles and Rigid Plastics segments with strong earnings growth in emerging markets of 9%.  Operating cash flow was also strong and 27% higher than last year. And with this good first half result, we are on track to deliver against the full year outlook we provided in August which we are reconfirming today. It's clear that our value proposition is resonating with customers, large and small.  In the first half, we opened a new plant in India to supply Unilever. We extended our already long-term partnership with Nespresso and we again saw growth with regional beverage customers in North America. And consumers and customers around the world are increasingly seeking sustainable packaging options and this is a great growth opportunity for Amcor.  As the industry leader we have a differentiated value proposition when it comes to sustainability and we are making real progress on a number of dimensions which I'll come back to later.  And finally, we’ve made significant progress over the last six months towards closing the Bemis transaction. We expect the deal to close in the second quarter of the 2019 calendar year and we're excited about the substantial opportunities this combination creates for Amcor and for our shareholders and I'll come back again on this topic later in the presentation. Slide 7 shows the key financial metrics for the half. Sales were up across all of our businesses and 4.3% higher overall. And approximately 2% of that sales increase came from recoveries of higher raw material costs. And excluding the impact of those higher raw materials, margins for the company were in line with last year. EPS growth of 3.4% came from recently acquired businesses, organic sales growth, restructuring benefits and strong cost performance. And strong cash flow was supported by excellent performance on working capital and the balance sheet remains strong with leverage at 2.8 times. We’re very comfortable with our financial position and that will strengthen even further following the Bemis acquisition.  With these results and our confidence in the outlook for the business, the Board increased the interim dividend to 21.5 US cents per share.  Moving on to the Flexibles segment on Slide 8, Flexibles PBIT was modestly higher than the prior year in constant currency terms and in line with expectations. The PBIT growth reflects contributions from both recent acquisitions and organic growth. And operating cost performance was strong across the Group as was sales growth in our healthcare business.  Earnings growth in emerging markets was also higher than last year. These benefits were partly offset by the adverse impact from the normal time lag in recovering higher raw material costs Now to the Flexibles outlook for the 2019 financial year on Slide 9. The Outlook has not changed from the guidance we provided in August 2018. In constant currency terms we're expecting the Flexibles segment to deliver solid PBIT growth in the 2019 financial year compared with PBIT of $835 million achieved in 2018. And this takes into account the following factors.  First, modest organic growth, which assumes no earnings impact related to movements in raw material costs. So this means we expect the adverse impact in H1 to reverse in H2. Second, net benefit from prior period acquisitions of approximately $10 million after deducting cost to integrate and achieve synergies. And lastly, incremental and final restructuring benefits related to initiatives announced in June 2016 of approximately $10 million.  Moving to Rigid Plastics on Slide 10. PBIT was 5.6% higher than the prior year in constant currency terms and the business benefited from volume growth in beverage end markets and a favorable product mix. There was a modest contribution from a good start to our restructuring initiatives and earnings from acquired businesses also increased benefiting from lower integration costs in the first half, which will now be incurred in the June half year.  In the North American beverage business overall volumes returned to growth and mix was strong. And in Latin America volumes were 1% higher than last year inclusive of lower volumes in Argentina where economic conditions have adversely impacted consumer demand. Excluding Argentina volumes were 6% higher than last year.  In terms of the outlook for Rigid Plastics on Slide 11. There is no change to our guidance, which we provided in August 2018 and we continue to expect the Rigid Plastics business to deliver solid PBIT growth in 2019 compared with the $312 million achieved in 2018 and this also takes into account a few factors.  First, modest organic growth. Second, net benefit from prior period acquisitions of approximately $5 million to $10 million after deducting costs to integrate and achieve synergies and approximately $5 million to $10 million of benefit from the restructuring initiatives.  With that, I'll hand it over to Michael to talk about the cash flow and balance sheet. 
Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. Good morning. So operating cash flow for the period was strong at a 115 million and up 27% on prior year. This is after deducting spend of around US$28 million of integration and restructuring related costs which have been included in underlying PBITDA. Cash interest was 90 million with the increase mainly reflecting the impacts of higher debt costs in the USA.  During the second half of the year we started to benefit from maturities of some relatively high cost fixed rate debt and expect interest costs to be lower in the second half relative to this first half.  As Ron mentioned, working capital performance was a highlight across all businesses. This has been a particular area of focus and we're very happy to see the benefits being realized.  Our average working capital to sales ratio reduced to 10% from 10.4% last year and from 10.6% at June 2018. The improvements were in a range of areas including payables and receivables. Spend on restructuring initiatives relates to larger-scale programs we've announced in prior years. And in line with our guidance from August, we expect full year free cash flow after capital expenditure and dividends to be in the range of 200 million to 300 million.  Looking at the balance sheet and debt profile, the key point on Slide 13 is that Amcor's balance sheet remains strong. Our primary objective for the balance sheet is to maintain an investment grade credit rating. To achieve this we consider a wide range of ratios with two of the main ones being leverage and interest cover. These two initiatives remain at robust levels and are in line with where we anticipated them to be at period end at 2.8 times and 6.8 times, respectively.  In terms of financing costs we expect net interest for the 2019 financial year to be in the range of 200 million to 210 million in constant currency terms with interest cost in the second half lower than the first half as I mentioned earlier.  We continue to be in a very comfortable position in relation to our debt profile with access to a diverse range of funding sources and a non-current debt maturity of five years, an appropriate combination of fixed and floating debt with a well balanced mix of currencies.  We are well advanced in our work to ensure funding arrangements for a larger combined company in place prior to the close of the Bemis transaction and this also takes into account Amcor’s next sizeable refinancings which are EUR550 million bond and USD750 million syndicated facility, both due in April 2019. So in summary, the key message from me this morning's is that Amcor remains very well positioned with strong cash generation and balance sheet capacity for growth.  With that, I'll hand back over to Ron. 
Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. For the next few minutes as I would normally do on these calls I will quickly recap on Amcor’s strategy and talk about the longer term growth potential we see for the company. And I'll start with Slide 15 which provides a recap of our strategy, which includes three elements: Starting with a focused portfolio of businesses; a set of differentiated capabilities; and our aspiration to be the leading global packaging company and winning for all of our key stakeholders.  The first element is our portfolio. We’ve chosen to play in segments, which share some important characteristics. First of all a focus on primary packaging for fast moving consumer products, good industry structure and an attractive relative growth outlook. And those criteria have led us to a focused portfolio today in four product segments: Flexible packaging, rigid containers, specialty cartons and closures. And we have leadership positions in most of these segments and multiple paths to winning by have another scale advantage or something unique to offer in the market. The second element of our strategy is the Amcor way, which is how we describe the differentiated capabilities we drive in a consistent way across Amcor. And these are the capabilities that we believe are the keys to winning in the packaging industry and developing them in a consistent way across our businesses is how we get leverage across our portfolio. And from this portfolio of businesses instead of differentiated capabilities we generate strong cash flow which we look to deploy in order to win for our shareholders.  And Slide 16 is a good way of depicting how we think about deploying that cash flow, it's essentially our capital allocation framework, which we’ve called our shareholder value creation model and it hasn't changed for a number years. And through paying dividends, growing the business organically, pursuing acquisitions or returning residual cash to shareholders, over time value creation has been consistent and remains strong and defensive. Turning to Slide 17 and an update on our sustainability agenda which is quite extensive. One of the biggest opportunities we see for Amcor going forward comes from the increasing consumer interest around the world in more sustainable and environmentally-friendly packaging. And we believe packaging; especially primary packaging will always have a critical role in protecting and delivering food and healthcare products in a convenient and functional way. And there is a great opportunity for Amcor with our scale and innovation capabilities to create differentiated products to meet those consumer needs in an environmentally-friendly manner.  And one year ago, we became the first global packaging company to pledge to develop all of our packaging to be recyclable or reusable by 2025, to significantly increase our use of recycle materials and to work with others to drive greater recycling of packing around the world. And in October we took this commitment a step further by joining 250 other companies and governments and becoming a signatory to the new plastics economy global commitment and this puts us in a lockstep with even more of our existing and potential customers to achieve waste and pollution targets based on shared definitions and to report on progress annually.  And over the last 12 months in general around sustainability our momentum has been building. We’ve recently decided to allocate some resources and establish a sustainability center of excellence in Europe to advance our flexible packaging R&D efforts with dedicated technical and engineering resources, and we plan on doubling those staffing levels and adding innovation lab in the coming months.  A great deal of our efforts so far has been focused on product development, and we've introduced over the last several months a couple of new flexible packaging products called HeatFlex and Genesis which are fully recyclable. And with promising results we’re also trialing films with higher and higher levels of postconsumer recycled content. You can expect us to continue to be active on the product development front.  The demand for fully recyclable packaging is greater than ever, and we are partnering with our customers to fast-track commercialization of these innovations, and in some cases, looking into opportunities to co-invest in dedicated assets. And through our partnerships we are working towards industry wide standards for recyclability, supporting trials for curbside recycling of flexible packaging and contributing to public investments and community programs for recycling infrastructure.  It's a very exciting time in our sustainability journey. And as the industry leader, we see sustainable packaging as a unique opportunity to drive meaningful growth going forward, and we will take another significant step forward in this journey by combining with Bemis which brings together the two R&D leaders in our industry, and I'll provide now a quick update on that transaction.  To quickly recap, we announced the all-stock transaction in August 2018, and we said at the time and we believe today that Amcor is a very strong company and a leader in its own right. But by combining with Bemis, we take a big step toward being the leading player in consumer packaging at a moment in time when the opportunities for a leading company have never been greater.  Putting the two companies together results in footprint, scale, talent and capability advantages to offer the most compelling value proposition to our customers and employees, and to deliver the most sustainable innovations for the environment.  From a strategic perspective, we believe the combination is highly compelling and feedback from a range of stakeholders indicates they would agree. The combined company will have the most comprehensive global footprint for flexible packaging and will have greater scale and resources in each key region around the world.  Our portfolio will benefit from increased exposure to attractive end markets and product segments, which can be transferred across regions and leveraged across that global footprint and there's the opportunity to merge the capabilities and talents from both companies to create the industry's best team and one that will be focused on delivering for our customers around the world.  The financial rationale is equally compelling with strong transaction metrics, a stronger financial profile for Amcor going forward, greater liquidity for investors and an all-stock structure, which is cash and tax-free for shareholders.  The transaction itself will deliver double-digit pro forma EPS accretion and returns well above Amcor's weighted average cost of capital by unlocking $180 million of cost synergies that would not have been available to either company independently. The teams from Amcor and Bemis continue to work together to further develop the cost synergy opportunities across general and administration costs, manufacturing footprint and procurement. And the synergies are expected to be delivered relatively evenly over the three-year period post close. And will drive significant earnings growth in the near term over and above normal organic growth. And any revenue synergies would represent additional upside to these metrics.  Amcor has had a great track record in delivering acquisition synergies and of course we aspire to outperform this target. And as we get closer and closer to the Bemis colleagues and business we see real opportunities to do just that.  Moving to Slide 22, Amcor's financial profile is strengthened going forward. Shareholders own an interest in a very well-positioned differentiated business generating $2.2 billion of EBITDA annually with higher margins through the delivery of the cost synergies and the potential to grow at higher rates given a stronger customer value proposition, complementary capabilities and increased exposure to attractive segments.  And Amcor will maintain an investment grade balance sheet with annual free cash flow exceeding $1 billion and will continue to pay a compelling and competitive dividend which will increase over time. Importantly, there will be immediate balance sheet capacity for further investment or share buybacks.  The transaction structure results in the stock being listed on two major exchanges, which creates a unique and advantaged outcome in terms of index participation. Given that Amcor’s shareholders will own 71% of the combined company and taking into account the geographic mix and the investment mandates of Amcor's shareholder base, the Australian listed shares will continue to be included in the S&P 200 Index with no significant change expected to our current index weighting.  We also expect the total market cap of the combined company to qualify for inclusion in the US S&P 500 Index. And this would mean the combined company would be well within the top 300 in that index which is the largest in the world. And as a result of the all-stock structure the transaction will close without the need for any shareholders to contribute cash and the share for share exchange will be tax-free.  Since the transaction was announced, we made significant progress towards closure, including setting up an integration management office to drive planning efforts leading up to the close of the transaction and oversee integration and synergy execution in the post closing period. This IMO has been staffed with about 20 full-time team members from both Amcor and Bemis and supported by several external advisors and joint development of detailed plans designed to enable a fast start to integration, including the delivery of synergy benefits is well underway.  And the process of securing required antitrust clearances and regulatory consents has been completed or is progressing in line with expectations. Clearance has been secured in all jurisdictions which are conditional to closure with the exception of Europe, the US and Brazil and in each of these regions discussions are at an advanced stage. In fact, we expect a decision to be announced by the European Commission in the coming days.  We continue to anticipate the deal will close in the second quarter of the 2019 calendar year and we look forward to building a strong future together with our new Bemis colleagues and customers.  In closing, we had a good start to the 2019 financial year. Our financial performance was in line with expectations and we are on track to deliver against an unchanged full year outlook.  We are also winning with customers in advancing our sustainability agenda every day and we’ve made significant progress towards closing the Bemis acquisition, all of which sets us up for a very promising future.  We're excited about the opportunities we see ahead and we believe the growth potential of Amcor remains substantial.  With that, I'm happy to take questions.
Q - Niraj Shah: Hi Ron, Neeraj Shah here from Morgan Stanley. Could you maybe give us an update on price trends you're seeing across key input cost categories, in particular liquids which are harder for us to track?
Ron Delia: Yes. Thanks, Niraj. The raw material front, which is most relevant for our Flexible Packaging segment we continue to see a modest headwind in the first half, so we had about a $5 million adverse PBIT impact. Now raw materials were flatter in the first quarter, started to decline late in the second quarter, in November, December and so we expected that negative $5 million impact was saw in the first half will be reversed in the second, so for the full year the income statement impact will be nil.  But your question about material trends, we did see oil obviously come off towards the end of calendar ‘18 and the resins and polymers come off as well, in some cases quite substantially. I would point out though that in some regions you also had an inverse currency movement which sort of neutralizes the benefits as you translate the costs, which are typically recorded in US dollars back to local currencies.  Looking forward, it’s always difficult to say we see signs that indexes are ticking up in the mid-single-digit across many the commodities, liquids would be no different, but not enough for us to change our outlook for the year, which is again no income statement impact. David?
David Toth: Ron, can I ask two questions, the first question, you said 9% growth for emerging markets. I mean that’s a pretty top-down statement. Can you going to a bit of detail as to which areas are going well, which areas are still lagging? And probably the second question is on Slide 43. This is probably to Michael. It was a big uplift in contribution from rebates. Is that part of your working, I think is that $18 million contribution to earnings that was on that slide, is that a big part of you driving the customers harder, driving titles? Can you go through that as well too close? 
Ron Delia: Yes. Let me start with the emerging markets question. We had 9% EBIT growth in the emerging markets as you pointed out. That starting point, David would be that we had profit growth in all of them, so the big regions are Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America, obviously, and we had proper growth in each of them. I would say the standout was Asia, we also had good sales growth in all three of those regions, but Asia has good sales growth, excellent cost performance in general. And similarly in Eastern Europe rate of growth was a little bit lower. Latin America grew as well. Now in Latin America, we have a business that spans across nine or 10 different countries, you always have some fits and starts across different individual markets. But generally we had growth in both Flexibles, rigid containers and specialty cartons business. So it really was pretty much across the board. I would say that Asian business was probably the highlight. 
Unidentified Analyst: [Inaudible] 
Ron Delia: Yes, look in some of those markets as I referred to in the answer to Niraj’s question, you had raw materials come off but you had currency depreciate quite extensively as well. So we didn't necessarily see the benefit in the emerging markets from lower raws at the end of the second quarter that we may have seen elsewhere. Look we'll see going forward. We don't see anything that leads to change our outlook for the year.
Michael Casamento: On the rebates point, so you’re referring to Slide 43, thanks for that. Included in that line is actually the net settlement -- the legal claim net settlement, including in that line which we then back out from an [SI] perspective. So that’s really the key movement in that line and that relates to a legal settlement that we had.  So you back that out and from an other income perspective, then the net line, usually 58 versus the 47 in the prior year so in total we saw about 10 million increase in other income excluding the one-off. But offsetting that obviously below that we have got increased restructuring and integration costs during the period of about 10 million. So the net of those two I think was a minor gain of about $1 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Ron, just if we look at cash flow for the period, just sort of can you run through exactly what's the key drivers of that very strong performance, generally would expect a weaker first half performance there on the cash flow side? So are there any sort of key drivers of that? And then secondly just on sustainability, just where do you think you are currently at relative to your competitors in the packaging side? And not sort of look at more broadly than just we think Flexibles and Rigid Plastics, looking at other substrates and just where you’re positioned with key customers there?
Ron Delia: Let me take that one first and then we can come back on the cash flow question. Look sustainability is just gaining steam externally but the momentum inside Amcor can't be understated. I mean it’s just -- it’s a great opportunity and we are leaning into it with our full weight. In terms of where we’re positioned the starting point for me is our customers, and there is not a senior-level of customer discussion that's taken place anywhere at Amcor that doesn't revolve around this topic or at least have it as a primary point of discussion. And it's very much in the spirit of partnership. Our customers realize that society and consumers are looking for better answers. And they also know that Amcor is likely to be able to have those solutions, right? So from a positioning expense in terms of the prominence that we have in the eyes of our customers as being able to help them, I couldn't say more for where we are at. We are in an excellent position. I've had numbers seen amuse myself for this is the predominant discussion. And you are seeing customers as I alluded to earlier, being much more open and willing and eager to commercialize things and to work through the product development and qualification process faster to get products to market because the consumer need and demand is there. So I think within our sphere we are as well positioned and I would argue better positioned than anybody because we are seeing is the company that has a capability and the technology and the answers to help customers. If we go beyond our immediate sphere and think about packaging more broadly, we still see plastics taking share from other formats. In beverage last year in the United States, we still see plastic growth by units and we still see plastic take share in units versus metal and glass, and that trend has been continuing for many, many years. And I think the consumer recognizes the recyclability of a plastic container, part of the challenge is getting the consumer to actually recycle that container. But from a technical perspective, the product characteristics are such that it's fully recyclable and they enjoy all the other convenience that they are used to which is the receivability and the light weight. So we think that we are well-placed relative to our immediate peers and we would suggest relative to the whole packaging space and these substitutes that might be out there that the plastic containers and flexible packaging we make is really well-positioned. I mean we can talk more about specific actions we are taking, new product developments which we highlighted this morning and partnerships on recyclability, I would state that if there is a follow-up on the topic. The cash flow question?
Michael Casamento: Yes look in terms of the cash flow I mean it was -- we had really pleasing results in our working capital to sales ratio over the period and so we have got sustained improvements. So in that scenario we have been focused on. Obviously we have seen some increase in that area over the last couple of years with the acquisitions. We are now starting to see some benefits flow through there. And it was in -- across the board really that we certainly saw some improvement in managing our over dues on the receivable side and also on the payables since we’ve got some benefit there which is sustainable over the period and we continue to focus in this area and we’d hope that we can see some further improvement as we progress forwards.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, Ron. I am just wondering if you can talk us through the volume and mix performance in the Flexibles business. We saw a strong improvement in the Rigid Plastics business, but if you can talk us through your expectations going forward and the performance in the first half of volume and mix in the Flexibles division?
Ron Delia: While I'd say the performance going forward will be consistent with the performance in the first half, so we continue to guide to modest organic growth in both segments. Specifically as it relates to mix in Flexibles in the first half, we had very good growth in healthcare segments. Healthcare for us is both medical packaging and pharmaceutical packaging. We had good growth in the emerging markets, as I mentioned, and in some of the food categories, where the weakness in mix came about which we referenced particularly in Europe is just in some of the higher value-added categories, ready meals being one, culinary applications. These are not major, major segments, but the mix contribution that they made in the first half was negative. 
Unidentified Analyst: Just a second question from me in terms of the Alusa’s performance, can you break that out or give some color in terms of how that performed in the half?
Ron Delia: Look right on track that business has performed the way we expected it to this year. It certainly doesn't have the raw material headwinds that it had over the last 12, 15 months and I was saying in the comment before about the currency depreciation offsetting the decline in raw materials. It's certainly not wearing the same headwind. The underlying market in South America, it's a mixed bag. I wouldn't say they’ve generally improved all that much and that business has an exposure in Argentina, which is particularly depressed. But generally we’re happy with that business. We continue to win business from big multinational customers in particular on the ability to supply in South America and that's had benefits for us, not just in that region but also in Europe and in Asia, and in North America to some extent. So we’re happy with where that’s at.  Might take one from the phone here. We have Brook Campbell-Crawford from JP Morgan. 
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Firstly just on I believe there was some cost incurred in the first half to achieve synergies relating to recent acquisition. Generally would you help quantify what cost and where in the first half for this region and also what the expectation is in the second half '19?
Ron Delia: Yes, Michael can provide the numbers there. But generally it's around $30 million of cost to achieve synergies and integration, which is on the slide on Page 43 that Michael went through before, that's first half experience, that’ll a bit more in the second half particularly in Rigid Plastics, but it started within the order of magnitude that we would expect on the back of the bolt-on deals that we've done recently.
Brook Campbell-Crawford: And then also just on Bemis talks a lot about going after short run business particularly in North America. Just interested during this time if you thought of more today similar opportunity for Amcor in Europe or elsewhere across the globe? And if so, what sort of investments need to be made to drive it?
Ron Delia: Yes, look, absolutely, that's a trend that's pervasive in all of the segments that we’re in which is shorter run work for our larger customers who are proliferating SKUs and launching new products at a rapid rate. And then also they tap into the smaller customer part of the market, that's a requirement. In the Flexibles business we're doing a lot of the same things, Bemis is doing. We have some business process changes we’ve made to be able to respond quicker. From an asset perspective, we've got some short run printing presses in Europe, some digital printing assets. None of these are really material and you'd know from this business that the incremental productive asset is just a several million dollars, it's not a big capital cost. So as we roll forward and refresh the asset base, increasingly the asset investments go towards machines that are geared towards that part of the market. I think that's the Flexibles side. The Rigid Plastics business we alluded to in the release today continues to see really, really strong growth in the regional beverage side of the market. So the smaller customers that are participating in maybe one part of the US market or one product category continue to grow quite well. We're winning with them, I think plastic is winning with them to the question we had earlier about format preferences. And so, we expect to see that going forward to continue. 
Brook Campbell-Crawford: Thanks, Ron. Just one more from me. I just wanted to revisit a comment made by the team last year just talking about the acquisition, allying for higher barrier films to be shipped sort of between countries. Just wondering if you could highlight which countries Amcor and Bemis currently manufactures these higher barrier films and if any benefit from this is included in the synergies area?
Ron Delia: Yes. It’s a good question. Look I think first the easiest part is that there is no revenue synergy benefits included in any of the acquisition metrics that we’ve quoted today or previously, so that's potential source of upside. Look generally, our footprint -- our footprints are quite complementary, they’re the leader in North America and Brazil. We would be the leader in the other large regions in the world and both of us are seen as technology players with unique products, in Bemis' case high barrier films. We also are pretty well-regarded for higher films but we do a lot of foil-based packaging as well. And so the opportunity is to take the higher barrier films let's say that Bemis might be winning in North America, take those to Europe and Asia, and the rest of Latin America and similarly the products that we have in Europe that Bemis maybe doesn't have, the opportunities for us to take those from Europe to North America and to Brazil. So it's really a swap, it'll go both ways, but I think the key is that none of that potential opportunity is included in the deal metrics. 
John Purtell: Hi, John Purtell from Macquarie, just had a couple of questions. Just sort of I think in a general sense, I mean this sort of feels like a rise of the headwinds that you’ve faced for the last 12 months in particular is starting to abate. Are there any -- and we're talking about the base business, are there any sort of additional headwinds or tailwinds that are sort of giving you particular focus at the moment? 
Ron Delia: No, I think -- look I think we talked enough about some of the issues that have kind of manifested themselves in the 12 month period. There were industry issues, whether it was raw material increases or volumes, right? I mean I think that we weren't immune to those industry issues, they’ve started to abate. I would say we talked about raw materials. We haven't seen is a real turn yet, we saw leveling off I would say and the $5 million dollar adverse impact in fact. In the first half we expect to get that back but not more at this stage.  In the beverage space, look we had a return to volume growth. I think some of that was cycling inventory destocking last year, I'm not sure the market has generally gotten all that much more robust, but I think the business has demonstrated it can generate growth particularly with the smaller customers that I referred to earlier.  So nothing on the horizon John, I think the business continues to be pretty resilient and defensive and once in a while you have a period like we had last year where there was a few things hitting the industry at once and you’re aware of it but we’re just focused on what we can control and we feel pretty good about the half and the outlook for the second half. 
John Purtell: Just an add-on to that, just in terms of Latin American rigid so you’ve sort of mentioned volumes were up percent, what about in terms of EBIT sort of constant currency, other comment on, did that move in positive direction? 
Ron Delia: Yes. It was positive. It grew modestly and I think volume growth was 6% ex-Argentina and the business benefited from that, benefited from mix and benefited from good cost performance, so the earnings of that. 
David Walker : David Walker from Clime Capital. Hanging back to previous acquisitions, can you give us any summary metrics for the revenue synergies which were achieved and will it cost more to make and supply recyclable packaging?
Ron Delia: Look the revenue synergies that have come I would describe qualitatively, I think the Alusa example is the best one where we’ve picked up a number of big -- first of all we don’t factor the revenue synergies into our return metrics. So Alusa is a best example, where prior to the Alusa acquisition, we were very much a healthcare focused flexible packaging business in the Americas. And we’ve talked about aspirations to do more and to be a broader player in that region. And I think that was well received but we weren’t really able to act on it. Once we closed that deal in Latin America it opened up a whole range of discussions with all of the usual suspects in terms of the large customers and you see the benefits indirectly. In some of the things that we announced today, so we opened a greenfield plan in India for Unilever. We've extended our partnership with Nespresso, and I wouldn't pin either of those developments specifically to Alusa but I would say that that deal reinforced the view in the eyes of those two customers that we are very compelling global partner. And I’m not sure that those two events happened without that deal I’m not sure but I think certainly there are global supply agreements we’ve put in place that have splendored on supply in South America, but provide benefits back in Europe and Asia to our legacy business. So that’s the kind of thing that we expect to see going forward with Bemis as well. I don’t quantify it because I think that we don't give ourselves a lot of credit for that in the transaction metrics anyway, but we know that the benefits are occurring. And sorry your second question?
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible]
Ron Delia: Look, I think at the end of the day it's going to cost what it would cost in the consumer world demand that that's a solution and scale benefits will accrue over time. At the moment recycled content tends to be more expensive but that's partially a function of the scale through the value chain or the supply chain. There's no technical reason why processing recycled input should cost more than processing virgin resin pellet, it's more the security of supply and the -- just the lack of capacity or lack of supply that’s out there which has held the economics back but the production processes should not be different. 
Richard Johnson: Richard Johnson from CLSA. Ron I’ve got one but that’s easy, so to give you an opportunity to just continue with that. But when I think about the way the CPG companies that are addressing, say sort of seeing through these two elements still, one is recyclability which you’ve addressed; the two, they very clearly find the regions going out plastics, where they can. So I was just wondering, I mean in fact almost every day you see a product, which is being moved away or a company announcing their products being moved away from plastics. So to what extent or how much work have you done looking your portfolio that might be risk to that process?
Ron Delia: Yes, it’s a good question. I mean first of all our efforts on the product development front are expansive. So recyclability we think and our customers would say is the likely best outcome for almost every category and every format. But our customers and Amcor in fact or Amcor like our customers are exploring a full range of solutions including compostability and biodegradability, bio-based materials and alike. We also talk to some of them from time-to-time about more fiber-based laminates. I think the reality Richard as you would understand I mean the barrier requirements that some of these products now demand, particularly if the functionality is to be preserved, are not going to be easily addressed by an alternative. And I think the customers know that, I think they have some very high-profile examples that they may see to point too. But I think generally speaking, the categories that we are supplying into are best served by plastics in most cases.
Richard Johnson: Do we make the some comments for Bemis as well? Because I know they’ve got a large beverage wrap business which are a lot of fiber-based as of now.
Ron Delia: Yes, that’s an overwrap business. I would say if you think about the core of Bemis they have got some very high value-add films and structures for meat and proteins liquids which is very much like our high-performance business in Europe. Those are the areas where it's difficult to see substitutes in near term, particularly anything close to attractive cost.
Richard Johnson: And just a couple of for Mike if I may. Can you just run me through the drop in D&A please?
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think the drop overall, that half of the drop is actually currency. So the net move was about 6 million, and that's really on the back of the restructuring programs we have dove over the last sort of while. There have been some cash and non-cash components to that. So part of that is a reduction in D&A.
Richard Johnson: How much sort of about roughly? I was just trying to understand, 7 million currency, that would be 7 of the 17 is in D&A which is kind of hard to understand?
Michael Casamento: The movement in D&A is 12.
Richard Johnson: And then movement on the constant currency basis?
Michael Casamento: 6.
Richard Johnson: Yes, so half of that is currency, so net currency impact 6 or 7, your total currency impact was 17. So I am trying to understand why there is…?
Michael Casamento: In PBITDA it’s higher.
Richard Johnson: Okay. I’ll switch there. And then just on your Slide 43, which is incredibly helpful, can I just run through the large categories, so that’s asset sales, not the rebates, we'll come back to that, other and your restructuring costs. If I look at down the two years, can you just give me a feel for which divisions those offset?
Michael Casamento: It’s a mix across the board. Yes, I mean…
Richard Johnson: So sustainably that’s asset sales all in Flexibles, is that right?
Michael Casamento: There will be some in rigid.
Richard Johnson: And then just finally on next slide, when I think about how you are going to report your numbers under US GAAP, will those asset sales be from [civil] and if they’re not what would they be?
Ron Delia: Say that again?
Richard Johnson: So could you book those asset sales under US GAAP?
Michael Casamento: Look there is a number of differences in US GAAP, I mean we are working our way through that obviously where we are restating history and what I can say is there are puts and takes in the US GAAP differences to IFRS but on a go forward basis we aren’t seeing any material impact to the underlying earnings of the business on a go forward basis from the conversion to US GAAP.
Richard Johnson: And then on the rebate number which you’ve partly addressed, can I just confirm that that’s a net number? Does that include the monies you have retained from Alusa or is that a net number? So what's the gross number, what's the gross rebate or gross settlement that you have got from settling these out?
Michael Casamento: The net sale component of that is 15.5 million.
Richard Johnson: And that includes the amount that you hadn’t paid out in the first place? You previously you said you had retained some funds … 
Ron Delia: Yes, net of the Alusa settlement and a number of other things, we are not disclosing the gross because it's confidential matter, just settlement with the private party. 
Richard Johnson: And then just finally on Rigid Plastics and in North American beverages, can you just give me a feel for the run rate of growth goals that you exited the half please? 
Ron Delia: Yes. The growth has slowed for sure in the second quarter, we did have growth in the second quarter, but less than we had in the first quarter and that's primarily because the first quarter last year we had -- and this is in North America beverage that I'm referring to. The first quarter last year we had a really pronounced and rapid destocking particularly with one of our major customers. And so the growth rate or the decline rate last year was not indicative of the market and the growth rate this year benefited from cycling that destocking. I think the second quarter was more normalized from inventory perspective on we had modest growth, which I guess you could say is the exit run rate, which is why our outlook for the year hasn’t changed. We expect modest organic volume growth in that business for the year for the remainder of year. 
Scott Ryall: Thank you. Scott Ryall from Rimor Equity Research. I was hoping to just touch on the sustainability angles as well. Could you -- just in terms of looking at recycle products in 5 to 10 years going forward how do you make sure that having you’re protected from an intellectual property perspective and I know your patents and those sorts of the things but can you just read about the contents in that recycled materially simpler and therefore the various trends that goes down?
Ron Delia: Oh yes, that’s …
Scott Ryall: And I guess within that, could you just talk to sort of co-investments that you are making as well?
Ron Delia: Yes, so I think it's a really good question. I mean intellectual property is going to be really important here precisely because it's not necessarily simpler, in fact it's actually harder you got to develop the material to do all the things that it does today for the consumer, which is preserve shelf life for a long period of time, provide ease of opening, provide the ability in many cases to cook the product in the package, provide aesthetically pleasing graphics, all of those things that the consumer has come to expect and demand, you need to then provide in a recyclable format which makes the technical challenge quite substantial and more IP intensive I would say. We've announced two products in the last couple of months which are good illustrations of that where we've taken in one case we've got a material called HeatFlex, which takes multi-layers in a traditional laminate down to one based film that provides the same sort of barriers with a similar look and feel. And it allows the product -- it allows for retort packaging so this is where the product is cooked inside the package at very high temperatures, it's quite demanding of the packaging material, and it is quite a bit of technology to get to a single layer material to substitute the qualities that have been previously provided by multiple layers, including foil, including metal. That would be one example we announced another one last week called Genesis, which is in all polyethylene formulation, again to substitute laminates made for multi-materials and both of those products that I mentioned are fully recyclable. So the technology requirement there is quite extensive and while the material mix might be “simpler” the technology in the science in the development of those products is actually quite a bit more intense.  While the co-investments -- look just in the event that we have an opportunity to supply at a very high volume any of these new innovations and a customer particularly benefits from that and like we've done over the years, there's an opportunity to co-invest where it's good for them to help ensure that we get the capacity in place and de-risk the investments for us, and it's a win-win, it's a best way for us to cement the partnership.
Scott Ryall: Does that include the [feedstock], as you've mentioned that's one of the cost effective way …?
Ron Delia: Yes, there're other -- so the co-investments or potential co-investments I refer to are more in the converting assets, but we are investing and you could say co-investing in recycling partnerships in different parts of the world that our customers are also contributing to, among others. So we have a couple of partnerships in the US for curbside recycling both for rigid plastics but also flexible packaging and Amcor along with a number of others including our customers and governments and NGOs are contributing to some of those partnerships and you could then characterize that as a co-investment as well.  We have a question from Larry Gandler on the line.
Larry Gandler: Hi Ron, most of my questions asked but two remaining, one was on that curbside recycling, it sounds like it's a joint venture of some kind. I was wondering if you can talk about the scope of it and put some color behind that.
Ron Delia: There's two Larry that we're referring to. One is the recycling partnership, which has been around for four or five years it's primarily rigids focused, it's essentially nonprofit, which brings together Amcor -- not just Amcor but converters, brand owners and alike to fund recycling infrastructure it's focused on some pilot cities in the United States now. The other one is around curbside recycling for flexible packaging and it's a organization -- the acronym is MRFF and basically it's trialing curbside recycling of Flexibles and helping invest in optical sorting at Murph’s to enable the recycling of flexible products through the same recycling streams as other -- as the other recyclables. 
Larry Gandler: And my other question was on tobacco, it looks like you had sales growth in both USD and Euro exchange-rates, so I was wondering what's driving that, is it some of those new non-tobacco products and specialty cartons that are driving sales? 
Ron Delia: Yes, so couple of things Larry, it is the mix towards more of the heat not burn products, in some of the regions. Those are the alternative products that Phillip Morris and others have introduced, but also we’ve picked up some business in Asia and our customers performed pretty well in Asia as well as in Eastern Europe. 
Larry Gandler: And what I meant by non-tobacco, I also meant really maybe non-tobacco like maybe toothpaste or?
Ron Delia: Yes there's a little bit of that but that wouldn't have been a material driver of the increase, there's a modest increase from that.
Larry Gandler: Thanks.
Ron Delia: Okay, thanks Larry. There are a couple of more on the phone here, Owen Birrell from Goldman. 
Owen Birrell: Thanks Ron, just a quick one on the rigids performance, I noted that you talked to sort of good progress on initiatives and benefits of beverages, but we know that the margin is contracting. And you've only delivered I think somewhere around 5 million in terms of PBIT increase, I'm just wondering where are the trouble spots within that business that are pulling that backwards and what can be done about rectifying those?
Ron Delia: Actually we're pretty pleased with the margin performance in that business, the raw materials went up quite substantially which inflates the revenue line and then to the detriment of the percentage margin, the percentage margin gets distorted quite a bit by that sales movement excluding that impact the margins expanded 20 basis points. And when we look at on a per 1,000 basis, which is how we run the business, you see good expansion of the average margin per 1,000. So we’re pretty pleased with where that business is that the mix improved with good hot-fill sales which is more value-added end of the beverage space and then, especially container business continued to grow as well. So we’re pretty happy with that business right.
Owen Birrell: And I just noticed that you spend around 40 million on restructuring activity within rigid, in a sense what are your payback period on that investment is and what sort of opportunity we’re seeing in terms investment going forward on the back of that?
Ron Delia: Yes. The number that’s in the accounts is the accounting number, the cash that we’re going to invest is about 40 million to 45 million and the return we expect is about 40%, so it’s just a bit over two years of payback and it’s a combination of footprint work and overhead reductions that you'll see start to accelerate in the second half. We had a modest benefit in first half, we will see 5 million to 10 million for the full year as the initiatives pick up in the second half. 
Owen Birrell: And just a second question for you, Michael on the working capital, very good performance 10% from the 10.4% in the pcp. Over the last decade it’s a bottomed out about 8.3% three years back, I’m just wondering is there any structural reason why kind of get back to those level or what do you say could be optimal level of working capital?
Michael Casamento: You are right. We were kind tracking in that 8.5% to 9% range for several years and then we did a couple of sizable acquisition the Alusa acquisition and Sonoco which were running a much higher working capital. So that's why you have seen the increase over the last couple of years. Now we are starting to get on top of that and starting to the working capital come down as we certainly are being pretty focused on it. So you’ve got to expect that we should be able to get back down to 9% over time. That clearly I think takes time right way through and we’re working really hard on that space.
Ron Delia: We will go backwards with the Bemis transaction before we go forward as well. So we have two more on the phone, we have Grant Slade from Morningstar. 
Grant Slade: Just one from me, in Flexible you noted obviously strong growth in Asian volumes, which would I guess then imply that volumes into Europe and Americas were flat the perhaps negative. Just wondered if you could speak to why flexible volume is struggling so much in developed market? Thanks.
Ron Delia: Yes, look I think that the developed markets volumes were more or less like flat, we talked about mix earlier. We had really good growth in the healthcare space in North America and Europe. We had good growth in a number the food categories but we also had softness in yogurt and ready meals and some of the other things that I referred to earlier. So I think that our growth mirrors the market, these are particularly in food, healthcare aside, but in food and personal care, you see market growth of 1% or 2% and that's typically what we see, typically we would be picking up share and winning business, but also sharing business at the same time, and so that nets out to low single-digit growth in any given period, there’s nothing really out of the ordinary about the last six months.  Okay we have more from Keith Chau, Evans and Partners.
Keith Chau: Good afternoon Ron, I just want to circle back on the question around input cost. I think last June, I think the headwind last year was $43 million in FY '18 and in the first half of '19 of $5 million. So theoretically speaking even if input costs elevated Amcor should be able to cover the entire loss. Now the expectation going in the second half is only $5 million reversal. So maybe just a couple of questions. One is, does Amcor still expect to recover the entire $48 million headwind? And secondly, if that is the case what is the timing? Looking at some of the input costs and where that tracks over the past call it three to four months, thought that the tailwind should actually be greater than the headwind that was incurred in FY'18 and 1H '19?
Ron Delia: Yes. It’s a good question, I mean the short answer is we will get all the $48 million back. Our guidance assumes that $5 million comes back in the second half. It is entirely dependent on the slope of the input costs and the price changes in the commodities and the inventory movements through our supply chain. If we look back six months we saw raw materials relatively flat for the first four months of this year. We saw polymer-based raw materials decline in November and December. And what we see going forward is a mixed bag. We see generally resin indices up between 3%, 4%, 5% across our portfolio and that's driven by a number of things including a number of planned and announced outages in the polyethylene space. So it’s difficult to forecast, but the starting point is that the business passes through all of the changes up and down. So we will get the remainder of the $48 million back beyond the second half if we don't get release from the commodity industries.
Keith Chau: And then Ron may be if I -- the outlook for cost is up mid single-digits I'm assuming that’s on quite a low base that is after what is being quite a steep decline in the key costs including resin and aluminum. Is that correct?
Ron Delia: Sorry steep -- I didn’t hear the -- after you said steep what was the question?
Keith Chau: Yes, so what I'm assuming is that when you are talking about a mid single-digits increase in input cost, is that off the troughs levels of your input costs given how you steep the fall was being for both aluminum and resin?
Ron Delia: Yes, off of current -- from the current point in time forward we look forward across the different published indices. You see mid single-digit increases from the end of first half.
Ron Delia: I think if there are no further questions, we will close the call. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 conference call. Today is January 31, 2019. After today’s call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike’s prepared comments, Mike’s prepared comments, we’ll answer your questions related to our core business. We ask that you refrain from questions related to the pending merger with Amcor or our specific 2019 financial guidance. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I’ll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you’ll find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today’s call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company’s regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these risk factors. Now I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. 2018 was a year of great progress for Bemis. Our financial performance improved, and we continued to enact change to position our business for long-term success. As compared to last year, many financial metrics moved in the right direction. Adjusted earnings per share increased 17%, driven by solid year-on-year improvement across all business units and U.S. tax reform. Adjusted operating profit increased more than $25 million, driven by our Agility plan and improvements across all operating segments. Cash from operations increased more than $80 million, reflecting the discipline and accountability that continues to permeate throughout our organization. And adjusted return on invested capital increased over 100 basis points to 11.7%. Our teams across the globe have done a great job of executing Agility: fix through near-term profitability improvements and strengthen and grow through laying the foundation for long-term growth. I am proud of our teams and the focus, determination and drive they have demonstrated, particularly during the fourth quarter. Thank you to our leaders and colleagues across the globe who did not let our pending merger with Amcor be a distraction in 2018. You worked safely, served our customers well and delivered on financial commitments, and you should feel proud of the improvements you continue to deliver. I’ll turn the call over to Mike now to discuss the financials, and then I’ll come back to wrap up with a summary of our progress on the pending merger with Amcor as well as my view on how our core business is positioned for the future. We will then take your questions. As I’m sure you’ll understand, we will only take questions related to 2018 performance and will not provide further comment related to the pending merger. Mike?
Mike Clauer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. We delivered solid fourth quarter and full year results, in line with our most recent expectations. I will start by discussing the performance of our segments for the full year 2018. U.S. Packaging; both sales and profit performance were in line with our expectations for the full year 2018. Sales were up 2.7% compared to the prior year, reflecting increased price and mix, partially offset by lower unit volume of 1%, which was related to the planned exit of infant care business at our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility. We more than met our target of an incremental $25 million of revenue from short-run business during 2018 and are well positioned to continue to penetrate the business in the future. U.S. Packaging profit margins were in line with our expectations of being flattish compared to prior year. Operating profit dollars rose almost $8 million, reflecting the benefits of Agility and improved operations, partially offset by the impact of freight costs, customer incentives and employee pay-for-performance, a good rebuilding year in U.S. Packaging, in line with our expectations. Turning to Latin America Packaging. Sales and profits were in line with our revised expectations for 2018. Organic sales, which exclude the impact of currency, were up 4.5% in 2018, reflecting increased price and mix, partially offset by unit volume decline of 9%, which was primarily driven by the laundry detergent packaging volume in Brazil that is converting to another packaging format. Latin America’s Packaging operating profit increased $9.8 million, excluding the impact of currency. We delivered 100 basis points of margin expansion, in line with the plan for the year. Nice net profit improvement driven by variable and fixed cost reductions implemented due to the challenging economic environment in Brazil. We will continue to focus on what we can control in this region, and we will be well positioned when the economy improves. Turning to the Rest of World Packaging. We delivered a strong 2018. Organic sales were up 4.3% compared to the prior year, reflecting increased unit volumes of 3% and increased price and mix. Unit volumes were up quite strong in our health care packaging business and modest in our businesses in Asia and Europe during 2018. Excluding the impact of currency, Rest of World Packaging operating profit increased $18.9 million compared to last year. We delivered 200 basis points of margin expansion, driven primarily by the impact of strong volumes in health care packaging, which have good margins, and solid operational performance throughout the segment. Turning to the rest of our P&L and consolidated results. Total company SG&A and R&D expenses were down compared to prior year, which is better than our expectations coming into 2018. We did a great job of maintaining strong cost controls throughout the year to help overcome the impact of headwinds such as rising interest rates, which drove interest expense up $10.3 million compared to 2017 and approximately $3 million more than our original expectations coming into 2019. Our income tax rate in 2018 was in line with our most recent expectations of 23% when excluding the fourth quarter benefit related to the final refinements of the U.S. tax reform. Compared to the prior year, our 2018 income tax rate was lower due to the impact of lower U.S. tax rate tied to our earnings. Operating cash flow was $461.5 million in 2018, an increase of $82 million compared to last year. Cash flow results would have been even higher were it not for restructuring-related costs, cash costs of $39 million in 2018 as compared to $24 million in 2017. Additionally, we used $12 million in 2018 of cash related to the pending merger with Amcor. Even as reported, a nice improvement in cash flow, which includes the benefit of more profit and working capital improvements. Specifically on working capital, payables improved as we did a great job of ensuring we optimize various terms allowed in our contracts, good discipline by our teams. Primary working capital as a percentage of sales was 13.4% at year-end 2018, improved from 14.6% one year ago and better than our target range of 14% to 16%. Total company net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was 2.2. times at year-end 2018, down from our targeted range on account of no share repurchases due to the pending combination with Amcor. As we begin 2019, we are focused on delivering our internal operating plan and continue to find ways to drive value for the long term. We are continuing to see improving operational effectiveness in our factories and our administrative functions. We are serving our customers better through improved quality and service, and we are leveraging the strong foundation we have built for long-term net growth bolstered by our Agility efforts to penetrate short-run opportunities in the U.S. I will now turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Austen: Thanks, Mike. As you all are aware, in August, we announced plans to merge with Amcor to create the global leader in consumer packaging. We believe combining these two companies will drive significant value for shareholders, create opportunities for employees and help us better serve our customers over the long term. For shareholders, the benefits are clear: value creation from the $180 million of identified cost synergies that neither company could achieve on a stand-alone basis; additional potential revenue synergies from leveraging our respective products to each other’s networks; and for Bemis shareholders, a dividend that will nearly double in the first year post close as compared to Bemis’ historically strong dividend. Since the announcement in August, we have made progress in all work streams related to the combination. Our integration planning teams comprised of leaders from both Bemis and Amcor are well underway, developing the plans to bring together the best of both companies. The global integration planning team has made great progress in developing a playbook, which established global time lines and key integration steps to be executed post closing by the regional teams. The regional teams kicked off during December and continue to refine their execution plans. All involved are focused on ensuring that once the transaction closes, the integration is as seamless as possible and that the new company is well positioned to deliver its financial commitments. Our regulatory work stream has also made great progress, of note, with the exception of the United States, where we announced last week that the government shutdown slightly delayed our time line. All of the jurisdictions are on pace to the range of our original time line and outcome expectations. We received approvals in several regions to date, including China, and the remaining jurisdictions are progressing. As shared last week, we anticipate the transaction to close during the second quarter of 2019. Until the transaction closes, we will continue to operate as an independent company and remain focused on working safely, serving our customers and delivering our operating plans. We remain excited for the next chapter in our evolution. Turning to the outlook related to the core business. While we are not giving explicit guidance for 2019, there are several areas where we can reaffirm our views for the future. Agility remains a key driver. From a fix perspective, our teams remain committed to delivering the remaining $26 million of cost savings as part of our original $65 million plan. It is important to remember that $180 million of synergy related to the merger with Amcor is above and beyond the programs that either company previously had underway. From an Agility strengthen and grow perspective, we continue to expect long-term benefit from our work toward penetrating short-run business in the U.S. Taking a look around the globe. In our U.S. business, we anticipate modest top line growth and bottom line growth in 2019 as the benefits of Agility continue to flow. In our Latin America business, we anticipate 2019 organic revenue and profit to be roughly in line with 2018. We will hold the gains we made from the myriad of cost-outs in 2018, and we have assumed an economic environment that does not meaningfully change in the coming year. In the Rest of World business, we anticipate top line and bottom line growth to continue, driven primarily by our global health care packaging business. Although keep in mind that we will begin – we will be up against some tough comps given that 2018 was so strong. In closing, I’m proud of our people that have performed and positioned the business for continued success. Through Agility and the hard work of our teams across the globe, we are well positioned for the future. We will continue to build on our strong foundation of an outstanding customer base, a committed and talented workforce, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio, a strong asset base and good positions in the markets we serve. With that, I’ll turn the call over to questions. Please respect that we intend to answer questions on our base business, not those related to the pending merger with Amcor or our specific 2019 financial plans.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: This is Kyle White filling in for Debbie. I believe you said you expect a modest top line growth in U.S. Packaging. I wasn’t sure if you expect a modest volume growth in that segment as well. And if you could just provide some trends there by end market such as protein and liquids versus some of the more consumer-oriented center-of-the-store products, that’d be helpful.
Bill Austen: Yes, sure. Yes, we would expect modest top line volume as well – from the top line growth that corresponds to volume as well. And if you look at where we finished up on trends in 2018, we had – we continue to see high single-digit growth rates in liquid in 2018. Now that may not continue at high single-digit growth rates into 2019. That might be a bit more modest. But we had low single-digit growth in protein. We’ll continue to see that with some of the new product launches that we’ve had. And we’ve had the same low single-digit growth rates in the center-of-the-store categories, as you described them, and we’ll continue to see that as we go forward. A lot of this is being driven from sustainability and new packaging formats that our R&D teams continue to launch and trial with customers from a recyclability and a sustainability perspective. So there’s a lot in the queue in those areas, and that will drive those modest low-single to mid-single-digit growth rates in 2019.
Kyle White: Yes. And then on the sustainability, I was just wondering if we could get an update on the Encore film. How far away are we from the Generation 2 that you alluded to earlier? What has been the response from some of the CPG customers that are trialing it? And then what about consumers as well? How receptive are they to using kind of the How2Recycle program?
Bill Austen: Yes. What we’re seeing is that the number of CPGs that are now trialing that material has increased significantly, and Gen 2 is not that far away. There’s some in trial here at the Innovation Center that we’re working through. But it’s been well received. And I can’t answer the question relative to consumers. I haven’t had any direct consumer contacts to get their feedback on the How2Recycle label.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Connor Robbins: Hey, good morning. This is actually Connor Robbins sitting in for Brian. I just want to come back to the Rest of the World segment, some pretty performance, at least on a year-over-year basis there. I was hoping if you could provide a little more color on maybe the trends you’re seeing there and maybe specifically with kind of the health care segment that you’re seeing.
Bill Austen: Yes. When we look at our global health care business, it had an extremely strong 2018. If you recall several years back, we made a large investment in that business to double the size of a plant here in North America and put in the largest converting clean room for medical device packaging in the U.S. That facility has come onstream extremely well. The team there has executed at that facility extremely well. Our business in Europe has done quite well this past year with some modifications that we’ve made to equipment in one of our coating facilities there. We are growing that business in excess of industry growth rate, which is mid-single digits. So we’re growing ahead of that. And through Agility, we’ve created a good level of leverage in the P&L. So as new business comes in, we get a little bit of an extra bump because of the leverage that we’ve created in the P&L. And I will also say that the team in health care has created a very strong pipeline of new projects and new products that – it’s a very – it’s a robust pipeline, but it’s also a very well thought-out pipeline. So they’re doing a good job there, and we’re very excited about what that team has done.
Connor Robbins: Okay, great. And then just following up with another question. Mike, you mentioned getting or at least meeting your short-run business tracks that you had planned for 2018. I was just hoping to get a little more color on what you’re seeing here and maybe if you feel that your asset base is now properly set up to kind of support this going forward.
Bill Austen: Yes. We put a target of short-run business at $25 million in 2018, and we have exited the year in excess of that $25 million rate. So the team in North America has done a great job there. They’ve hired – they’ve onboarded a bunch of new salespeople, roughly a little bit over a dozen new sales and commercial people to go attack that short-run small to midsize customer base. We’ve gotten good traction on it. The asset base will continue to be refined as the company goes forward with the recapitalization program. But it has been successful, and it will continue to be successful because it’s in a new business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Salvator Tiano with Vertical Research.
Salvator Tiano: Hi, guys. So firstly, I wanted to ask a little bit about the CapEx. It seems to be a little bit lighter than expected this year, and I wanted to understand a little bit. Was there any – were there any projects that were delayed or anything else going on there? And is there kind of any indication of where CapEx is expected to go in 2019?
Bill Austen: Yes, Salvator, we were right on target with where we expected to be with our CapEx plans in 2018. We didn’t delay any major projects. If you go back 2015, 2016, 2017, we brought in a lot of new capital, so 2018, we slowed a little bit because we wanted to absorb that capital that we had put in. And as we go forward, you should continue to think about the capital plans here as – at D&A, one time D&A. So we’re talking somewhere between the $150 million to $180 million level of CapEx as you go forward.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. That’s very helpful. And the other thing would be the overall operating cash flow. If I remember correctly, we’re still looking at $410 million to $430 million last quarter and obviously delivered over $460 million. And I was wondering if you can discuss a little bit what made that variance to that amount, things like cash taxes, perhaps, or a bit better working capital, things like that.
Mike Clauer: We were very focused in Q4 around the globe on maximizing operating cash flow. And we looked everywhere, payables, cash taxes, accounts receivable and customers that might be perpetually slow payers. And I can tell you, when we guided, the internal forecast is $430 million, and we just did – we did better than that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Hi, guys, sorry about that. I hope you’re doing well. Just a quick question on the business here. I guess we’ve seen some destocking, I guess, in the chain on plastic resins. Are you experiencing that? Maybe could you characterize where you think your inventory levels are and if there’s any concerns amongst your customers on not purchasing given the reduction in oil? Thanks.
Bill Austen: Yes. Where inventory levels are where they should be for this time of year and how our business ramps up through Q1, Q2. And we haven’t seen what you’re describing there, slowdown from customers’ take, because of where oil is at or anything to that nature. We haven’t seen that.
Arun Viswanathan: And just as a follow-up, could you give us maybe a rundown across the geographies? Again, similarly, we’ve noticed there has been a little bit of a pullback maybe in Asia and Europe. Did you see any of that? And maybe can you also comment on Latin America? Thanks.
Bill Austen: Yes, sure. Yes, I’ll walk you through the geographies. If you look to Bemis Asia Pacific, they had a very – they had a good year, driven through Agility, cost-outs in both the variable and the fixed side, created leverage in the P&L. They had much better mix in 2018 than 2017. They’re very deliberate about creating that better mix. And as we got through the year and headed into 2019, we have a good, strong pipeline of innovation and new projects that are going to be coming forward. I think the question is more focused around China and has there been a slowdown in China. And yes, there absolutely has been a slowdown in the general packaging sector within China. We are focused on the high barrier types of materials, retort packaging types of materials. And we’ve been introducing new specifications there that are helping us in that market segment. In Latin America, it’s similar story. Agility, we created a good portion of leverage in the P&L, both on the SG&A side and the variable side. The real drive in Latin America for us in 2018, and it has been for a very long time, is to stay ahead of inflation. And as inflation continued to ramp up, we were ahead of inflation. We created positive mix in that geography via new segments that we launched projects into in back half of 2017 and 2018, and that has created a really nice business in Latin America. If you look at our profits in local currencies, all in the double-digit growth category, if you will, in 2018 because we’re staying ahead of inflation. In Europe, we had low single-digit growth in Europe in 2018. And we, again, it’s the same story, created leverage in the P&L via Agility, primarily on the SG&A side. We have had some variable cost reductions as well, and we had a nice 30-plus percent profit improvement in Europe in 2018 versus 2017. U.S. Packaging, Agility, same story, lowering our fixed and variable costs, creating leverage in the P&L, lowering our conversion costs versus on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was ahead of expectation in several market segments like liquid, protein, center of the store, GCI, as we call it. And our small to midsize customers short-run type of business exceeded our expectations, and we’re going to see that continue to flow forward into 2019. And, yes, I’ve already talked about the health care business, a strong year for our global health care business. I can’t say enough about what that team has done. And the results were driven by that strong new product pipeline and leverage that they had created in the P&L, so we get great bottom line improvement in that business. And we’ll continue – that team will continue to do that in 2019.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Anojja Shah with BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah: Hi, good morning. I just want to thank you for that run around the world. I just want to follow up on Brazil, actually. Another packager with earnings out this morning mentioned that since the presidential election, demand – at least for their product, demand has been much better than expected. Are you not seeing that? Or is it too early to tell for you?
Bill Austen: We have long-term contracts with our customers. You’ve got to separate the two, all right, separate the presidential election from where they are in the year, okay? They’re going into their summer. So the normal uptake in volume always comes seasonally as you get into the summer months. So I’m going to separate those two and say our volumes typically go up this time of year anyway, and I’m not going to associate that with the presidential election.
Anojja Shah: Right. Okay, that’s fair. And sticking with Brazil, you mentioned this…
Bill Austen: That’s true.
Anojja Shah: Pardon me.
Bill Austen: I said that’s true. That’s what happened.
Anojja Shah: Right, right. Sticking with Brazil, you mentioned the tax litigation situation in the release. And just to get a better understanding, I know the release says that it will be excluded when you finally do evaluate and will be excluded for adjusted earnings. But I assume it will be included in cash flow or – and can you give any sense of size yet or just general sense.
Jerry Krempa: Sure. This is Jerry Krempa. We did receive a favorable decision, as we indicated. However, the decision just said we won based on the merits of our argument. There was no quantification of what price we will receive, and we’re currently going through that calculation right now with the help of some outside consultants. We need to look back at prior years, obtain a lot of tax documents. So it’s really, at this point, it’s kind of uncertain in terms of the quantity and also how we’re going to be claiming this credit going forward. We’re trying to get some clarification on that right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Daniel Rizzo with Jefferies.
Daniel Rizzo: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So things are generally doing well, but is there any area or end market that’s kind of, at this point in time, kind of sluggish that you expect to rebound?
Bill Austen: We don’t see that, Daniel. We’re pretty much on our expectations of where we should be at this time of year. We – as I’ve mentioned already, China is probably a little bit slower in the general economy, so to speak, but we’re targeting certain end market segments there where we can introduce new products.
Daniel Rizzo: And then – so the short-run sales seemed to be progressing. As we look out going forward, I mean, is the growth going to be linear? Or is it going to be fits and starts? How should we think about it?
Bill Austen: I think that growth would be linear. I don’t think it’s going to be a sawtooth if that’s what you mean by fits and starts. We have a deliberate approach to how we go after that with what we call the agile lane process, where we use a set of core specifications of good, better, best in specs that we have on shelf. The sales team that we brought in, the commercial organization that’s focused on that, has got a playbook that they run on how to sell those core specifications and to what kind of customer are they targeting. So I think that as we continue to gain more and more traction and experience in that arena, it will be a linear approach to how those sales come in.
Daniel Rizzo: Okay. And then just one more quick one. Just in terms of resin costs and input costs, particularly freight, are you still seeing – what are you seeing in terms of – and what you expect for 2019?
Bill Austen: Yes, we see freight costs continue to rise. As we talked about in our third quarter call, we have targeted programs, working with customers to try to be much more collaborative as to how we can mitigate their freight costs, our freight costs and just work together to figure out how do we bring it down. But freight costs will continue to rise in 2019. That’s our – how we see it.
Operator: And there are no additional questions in the queue. I’ll turn the call back to our presenters for additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Excellent. Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Bill Austen: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, again, this does conclude today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters - Director of Investor Relations Bill Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Clauer - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets Bryan Burgmeier - Citi
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2018 conference call. Today is October 25, 2018. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we'll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filing, including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. We delivered another strong earnings quarter in line with our expectations. Our teams did an excellent job of delivering our plan despite headwinds from currency and freight, year-to-date adjusted earnings per share have increased 18% compared to last year and adjusted operating profit is up $20 million. I continue to be encouraged by our actions to improve operationally, to lay the foundation for long-term growth and to deliver our earning's commitments. The Agility mindset to fix, strengthen and grow Bemis continues to permeate our thinking and actions. Our progress goes beyond creating an effective cost structure through the strength and grow aspects of Agility. We're building a strong foundation to position our business strategically to penetrate short run opportunities and drive value for the long-term. During 2018 we have hired new sales reps who are incentivized to pursue and win our new business targets. Established our core spec offering, to ensure we quickly and appropriately leverage our existing innovative product portfolio, completed robust customer account review to focus our sales efforts and uncover growth opportunities and develop and implement a broad range of operational and sales process improvements such as a simplified application process for new customers, a quick quoting procedure, a faster sample role delivery process and a shorter lead time offering. Simply put, our approach aligns our people, assets, processes and products to serve the pockets of growth available in North America. Early customer feedback has been positive and we continue on pace to reach our target of $25 million of incremental short run business during 2018. Over the long-term we'll continue to serve our solid base of long run business while adding in these identified short run opportunities. I'll turn the call over to Mike now to review the financials and then I'll come back to discuss our planned combination with Amcor.
Mike Clauer: Thanks Bill and good morning. Today I'll discuss the financial details of our segments in total company followed by comments on the balance of 2018. US packaging segment during the third quarter our US business performed in line with our expectations. Sales dollars of $688.4 million were up, 2.4% compared to prior year reflecting higher selling prices partially offset by unit volume decline of 2%. Approximately half this volume decline related to the infant care business at our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility that we exited this year and the remainder is simply a function of timing and a stronger than normal third quarter last year. US packaging sales are within our expectations and include the pace toward our full year target of $25 million of incremental short run business. US packaging operating profit of $93.4 million was lower than the $99.6 million last year. You will recall that during the third quarter last year profits benefited $4 million from the reversal [ph] expenses related to specific customers under an incentive. US profits this third quarter reflects the benefits Agility and improving operations partially offset by freight cost, current year customer incentives and the impact of strong four year results on employee [indiscernible] performance again all within our expectations. Turning to Latin America packaging, third quarter sales of $148.3 million were down 19.3% as compared to the prior year driven by a 23.7% decrease in currency. Remaining organic growth of 4.4% was driven by increased selling prices in mix versus one year ago, offset by unit volumes down 15% driven primarily by the impact of some laundry detergent packaging volume in Brazil that is converting to another format. To a lesser extent, unit volumes were impacted by one customer's conversion to a smaller size packaging format which impact volumes but not profit. And also by some fine tuning portfolio at a couple plants where he had some high-mix, low margin products that we decided to exit. Latin America operating profit of $8 million increased from $7.3 million last year. Currency translation hurt profits by $1.7 million and the implementation of high inflation accounting in our business in Argentina hurt profits by another $1.4 million leaving an operational improvement of $3.8 million during the third quarter which was driven by planned variable and fixed cost reductions implemented into the challenging economic environment in Brazil. Partially offset by the volume impact, market impact of our customer is converting laundry detergent to another packaging format. We'd continue to focus on what we can control in this region. The environment for our business in Brazil stay wise [ph] and we'll continue to deliver our planned cost reductions initiated one year ago, given the economic environment in Brazil. Our business will be well positioned as the economic improves. Turning to the rest of the world packaging. Our rest of world business delivered another strong quarter. Third quarter sales of $189.7 million were up 6% compared to the prior year. Currency translation decrease sales by 0.8%, the acquisition of Evadix increased sales 1.2%. Organic growth of 5.6% reflects increased unit volumes of 4% and increased pricing mix. [Indiscernible] global healthcare packaging business continued. Rest of world packaging operating profit increased to $22.2 million compared to $17.3 million prior to third quarter. This improvement was driven primarily by the impact of strong volumes in healthcare packaging and solid operating performance throughout the segment. Now onto consolidated Bemis results. Total company SG&A expense of $90.9 million for the third quarter decreased $5 million compared to the prior year. Reflecting Agility savings and strong cost controls, partially offset by inflation in the impact of achieving annual performance targets in 2018 plan. Total company research and development expense was $9.3 million down slightly from the prior year and in line with our expectations. Other operating income was $4.4 million down from $7.8 million last year. During the prior year there was some unique items dragging benefits such as the trueup of accruals related to a prior divestiture. Current year results are in line with a more normal trends in this category. Interest expense was $18.9 million compared to $16.7 million last year due primarily to increased rates. Income tax for the third quarter was 23% as compared to 32.2% for the year driven primarily by lower rates due to US tax reform. Operating cash flow $142 million this quarter increased from $99 million to prior year. Restructuring and other transaction cash cost were $16 million this year and $6 million one year ago. Primary working capital as a percentage of sales was 14.6% at September 30th improved from 15.2% one year ago and within our target range of 14% to 16%. Total company net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.4 times at September 30, 2018. Turning to 2018 guidance, we maintained a midpoint of 280 was shared with our updated 2018 adjusted EPS range of $2.77 to $2.82 as compared to our guidance in June, we do have headwinds from currencies in Brazil and Argentina. The [indiscernible] business is Brazil that is now confirmed as transitioned to the new format for the entire second half of the year and the impact of [indiscernible] share repurchase has limited by the pending merger with Amcor. However we did, a good job of upcoming new segments in Q3 and expect to continue with strong operational performance particularly in the US as we have plans on way to strongly [indiscernible] control cost during outage shutdowns. Our current guidance range contains many of the same assumptions we share at the beginning of the year, we continue to expect both Latin America and Rest of the World packaging to deliver 100 basis points profit improvement for the year. We continue to expect Agility benefits of $35 million in both top and bottom of our range and we continue to expect headwinds from reinstating paper performance in customer incentives. Where we are in the range will depend in few factors. Currency in the macroeconomic environment in Brazil and Argentina. Input cost set straight and our ability to offset them and our ability to tightly manage cost and operational performance during the seasonally slow fourth quarter. Turning to cash flow, we're maintaining a full year cash from operations guidance in the range of $410 million to $430 million. Total expected restructuring and other transaction cost included in our 2018 guidance are $60 million of which approximately $12 million is related to the announced merger of Amcor. Our teams are doing a great job of pushing [indiscernible] cash flow during the fourth quarter which will help us overcome otherwise would have been cash flow headwind versus our July guidance. We continue to expect capital expenditures in the range of $150 million to $160 million for 2018. We continue to expect our GAAP tax rate at approximately 23% for 2018. As we head into the fourth quarter we're focused on delivering our operating plan and continuing to find ways to drive value and position our business successfully for the long-term. I will now turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Austen: Thanks Mike. We had a good quarter in line with expectations. In early August, we announced to plan to combine with Amcor to create the global leader in consumer packaging which I will speak to next. But first, with that announcement as the backdrop I would sincerely like to thank our global leadership team for its diligence in keeping our regional and functional teams focused on the objectives required to deliver our operating plan. Great job by leadership and great job by all of the teams around the world. Let's remain focused on delivering the year. Turning to the combination. These two organizations will drive significant value for shareholders. Employees, customers and the environment over the long-term. Bemis shareholders will have the opportunity to benefits from a significantly increased dividend and the value creation driven from not only the $180 million of cost synergies identified as part of the transaction but also additional potential revenue synergies. All internal work stream supporting regulatory filings and integration planning are on pace to our expectations and we remain on track for the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2019 after regulatory and shareholder approvals are received. For Bemis this is the next exciting chapter in our evolution and our employees will carry forward the Bemis legacy as they showcase their skill and passion for providing inspired packaging solutions as part of the global leader and consumer packaging that is being created through this transaction. Until the transaction closes we will continue to operate as an independent company and will remain focused on serving our customers and delivering our operating plans. We are making progress to improve Bemis today and for the future. We are delivering our plans, which include 100 basis point improvement in operating profit in both Latin America and healthcare packaging. We are finding ways to continuously improve operating effectiveness and efficiency in our factories, in our administrative functions. We're serving our customers better through improved quality and service and we're laying a strong foundation for long-term net growth bolstered by Agility efforts to penetrate short run opportunities. I'm proud of our business. We have an outstanding customer base of committed and talented workforce, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio, a strong asset base and good positions in the markets we serve. We're confident and focused as we position our business for the future. With that I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] and our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi from Baird.
Erin Winters: Operator, we can't hear anything.
Operator: Mr. Panjabi, your line is now live.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Matt [indiscernible] sitting in for Ghansham, how are you doing today?
Bill Austen: We're doing well Matt, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Good, so what end markets are growing within your US packaging business and which end markets could represent a potential headwind in the years to come and then, can you elaborate on what specific factors are driving growth or maybe some of the headwinds that you could expect?
Bill Austen: Okay let's talk first about what's driving growth right now. You recall our whole Agility program that we put in place on the strengthening grow portion of Agility. The fixed portion of it helps us get our fixed and variable cost down and it has aided us in doing that significantly but now when we looked at the growth portion, we focused on short run business and that was primarily business that in the past we had not attacked because it was at smaller to middle sized customers. We weren't set up for it, we're now set up for it through some of the recapitalization efforts we've gone through and we've just this year when we undertook this work stream through Agility we've on boarded 26 new customers in the small to mid-sized category, we established a target at the beginning of the year to achieve $25 million of growth in 2018 through this category of small to mid-sized customers and we're on track to achieve that right now. And it's in the categories where we have leadership positions. So let's talk about me, talk about cheese [ph], talk about liquid. Those are the categories where we're really focused and have a right to win and we've brought business in those categories as well as some non-food customers and non-food categories that we in the past had not traditionally played in.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, that's helpful. And then maybe one quick question on the cost side. How do you feel that Bemis's position to operate within a cost environment that appears biased to the upside and what actions have to take to counter some of the persistent inflation that we're seeing both in terms of raw materials and then also other costs freight, labor etc.
Bill Austen: We look at the rising raw materials as that's part of our normal pass through to customers. So we don't necessarily focus on what happens with rising raw materials, we focus on how our PAFs, Price Adjustment Formulas pass that rising raw materials through to the customer base. Your question is really focus more so on the productivity efficiency effectiveness side of the equation and through Agility as I mentioned already, we worked hard to get our fixed and variable cost down, which is really lean efforts, quality efforts, service efforts and also plan consolidation efforts that was allowed to, we allowed to get ourselves there through the recapitalization of older assets to new equipment. So it's day-to-day blocking and tackling that allows us to stay ahead of this rising cost environment and that's what we've seen all throughout this year.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Debbie Jones: Two questions from m, and first though actually you did actually [indiscernible] on Agility, [indiscernible] in line with, I think what we were expecting. I just got a little confused by the laundry decline. I understood it to be more of a shift to another format that in some way you would see a bit of benefit from, can you just clarify what that is?
Bill Austen: Yes sure Deb. We measured that category in tons, the format that we were in prior is a much heavier weighted by weight, pounds or kilogram how do you want to look at it, then the format that has been shifted to, so when we measure in tons. Obviously the same amount of packaging in a lot less weight, so volume by ton goes down. The other piece there on the volume in Latin America. Due to the economic situation in Latin America one of our large customers moved away from a large format ice cream container through a smaller format ice cream container. Ice cream is still selling, but we also measure that in tons. So going from a larger to a smaller you obviously lose tons in the calculation and lastly, a piece there as Mike mentioned in his script was we exited some very high mix extremely low margin business and when you actually calculated it through production it was breakeven at best. It was actually candy trays, if you think about Valentine's Day, inside of a candy box. So you get all different shapes and sizes and high mix, low margin in a rigid factory is not something that is suitable for manufacturers. So we walked away from some of that business, but on expectation in total for the volume that we - thinking about in Latin America and we're more so focused on profit and how do we make profit in that region because it is a region of very high inflation. Our teams are diligently pushing inflation through so that we're not left holding the inflation within our P&L. through Agility we've created a tremendous amount of leverage in that operating model in Latin America and we push volume through and push inflation through we are focused on profit.
Debbie Jones: Okay, thanks for that clarification. Second question on the sustainability subject. This is nothing new, but the two things that I feel like we're hearing a lot about is, CPG's wanting to use more recycled material number one and then also wanting to have a package that is recycled off and one thing that's confusing to me is, it doesn't seem to me that there is enough infrastructure to actually provide a lot of recycled material in the plastic side, can you comment on that? And I mean more so, if this were to increase going forward and then two; where is Bemis in terms of being able to help customers to use virgin material that then could be recycled.
Bill Austen: Sure, let me - let's talk to the first part of that. First the actual collection process. So if you just compare US with Europe. Europe is very much further ahead in that area. If you go to communities in Europe you will see bins where people take different pieces and components of plastic packaging and or paper packaging and or glass and or anything else for that matter and the communities are behind it. In the United States, we don't have that drive and that push just yet, it will take a while. But we have created a material that is being trialed at many CPG's today that we call Encore and it is a completely recyclable plastic material that we created ourselves through certain types of processing. This is now a completely recyclable package. On it, is how to recycle code and if you were to go to that website, how to recycle, you would be able to in your area for instance if you put in your zip code. It would tell you where you could take that material to be - to get into the recycle stream, that's one aspect. The other aspect some of the things that we're doing in our factories to recycle in-process waste, so that we can reuse is back into our virgin materials and combine that with multi-layer structures, is what we're doing internally. Externally again we have a lot of customers that are asking us to trial and look at, they're asking to trial our Encore material as well as where could they use Encore as part of their portfolio.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Molly Baum: Hi, this is actually Molly Baum sitting in for George. First question on just the rest of the world segment. You cited growth in healthcare packaging, but could you by chance kind of breakdown what you performance was in that segment by geography and where you were seeing growth and where you potentially saw some slowdown relative to either expectations or to what we saw in 2Q. Thank you.
Bill Austen: Yes, sure. So we look at rest of the world, we look at Asia, Europe and healthcare packaging. So Asia and Europe are quite small winding our portfolio and in Asia, we were flat. But recall last year our third quarter in Asia was significant, we had double-digit growth in Asia 3Q last year. Europe, low single-digit growth in Q3. In our healthcare we had mid single-digit growth in our healthcare business and that's really been created hats off to the healthcare guys, they have a very robust new product pipeline which you need to have in that business because it's a three to five-year incubation period for a customer to take a new package through validation and qualification. So you need to have a very long pipeline of new projects coming to the market and our global team in healthcare has got that robust pipeline that allows them to grow at better than market rates. The market for our type of healthcare packaging is growing in about 4% and we're exceeding that rate because of the pipeline.
Molly Baum: Okay, thank you that's very helpful and then my second question, just a follow-up on Matt's question about the US packaging segment. Last quarter you talked about how 19 out of the top 25 CPG accounts that you're working with you had seen positive growth with them. Can you talk about kind of what the trends were for the larger run businesses in the CPG accounts that you were seeing 3Q? Thank you. That's it from me.
Bill Austen: Yes, I'll just break it down a little bit into segment. So in the protein segment and I'm talking meat and dairy if you will. We saw nice growth in both of those categories as well as in the liquid category. We continue see good growth because several years ago, we put in some assets to get focused on that and we have a team that is truly out there driving growth in liquid. And where we would see the categories weakness would be, let's call it the center of the store kinds of categories, what we call, general consumer, grocery consumer and industrial. However on the industrial side through the some of the new sales team that we brought on board to attack small and mid-sized customers. We're on boarding some new industrial type customers and non-food customers which we're helping in that category.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez of UBS. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Bill, one quick question and then for 2018, you have that goal of achieving $25 million in short run businesses and you're on track for that. As we look forward into like 2019, 2020 like does that number increase significantly like leaps and bounds or is it going to be like at a more moderate pace.
Bill Austen: We're not going to share at this point any 2019 targets. But if you just think through it though, the role forward of that business that will continue to grow and we're not stopping. I mean we've hired these sales people to go out and attack that segment of the market and they're going to continue do that and we've incentivized them to do that as well. So as they get further on board, if they continue to gain more momentum. They figure out how best to - we get finer at what are the good targets to go after, we're going to see that category continue to grow.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay and one quick one on Latin America. As you fine tune those low margin products, you're walking away from them. Like how much of that is left to be done?
Bill Austen: We're in a pretty good place right now. This piece that we got rid of, which is just really high-mix, low margin, you're changing dyes out, you're changing resins over. It just didn't make sense. So we just exited and but we're in a really good place when we look at the portfolio of customers, the portfolio of products and what we're continuing to sell going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Analyst. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Hi guys Salvator from Vertical Research. So my first question would be on the US packaging volumes. We did see some volumes declined in [indiscernible] and we've talked about everything that's going well in the US. But this 1% I guess decline that was not [indiscernible] business where did it come from, was it some customer losses, just lower volumes and existing customers and what kind of end markets were here to be aimed.
Bill Austen: We don't look at anyone quarter as being a trend let's call it, right. Last year's Q3 we were up 2%, so from the perspective of US CPG landscape that's quite significant volume increase. So year-over-year basis down one, I'm not that doesn't excite or get us excited. What we're really looking at, we've hired 14 new people, we've added capabilities in our commercial area to how do we get “quicker”. The account reviews that we've put in place to identify where we can go and attack the market. A quick turn sample role process that has gone from many, many weeks down to five days. A core spec program that allows the new sales team to go out with a good, better, best specification to sell to the client base and we've on boarded 25 new customers in this middle to short run type of business. So I look at and say the process is on track, it's moving the business forward and we're going to exceed the $25 million of target that we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year in this category. I don't necessary look at the one down and say okay, something's gone wrong.
Salvator Tiano: Sure. And just my second question, you noted that some of the margin softness in US was due to some paper performance and some customer incentives in Q3. So firstly is it possible to quantify by same manner usage $4 million a year ago where [indiscernible] what was the impact in 3Q first of all. And secondly can you elaborate on the way these accruals work in terms of was it for new businesses generated in 3Q or was it for successes that you had in 1Q and 3Q and judge the accrue the results right now.
Mike Clauer: First of all, I'll talk about incentive for customer first. Basically at the beginning of the year you've got a program put in place and based on how they're performing you accrue the incentive throughout the year and so it's year-to-date, so as an example every quarter is going to have some incentive in it based on how, the business is trending. So last year, we reversed that for one specific customer that had been accrued through the second quarter that reversed in third quarter. The one would assume that, those accruals are now in place. They're in place every quarter this year for that specific customer. As for Playford performance again it's an annual target. Last year with their performance essentially we had very little Playford performance expense to the accrual as we went through the year. So this year targets were reset. I think we achieved our full year internal objectives. People who earned short-term incentive.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Rizzo of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Daniel Rizzo: You mentioned $25 million the small to mid-cap sales are coming from the new sales folks. I was wondering if it's all coming from them or view like kind of repositioned, your existing sales team to kind of focus on this market as well or is it just addition, which is it?
Bill Austen: No, it's a combination of both Dan. Its combination of new folks that we've on boarded but it's now the fact that we've set up the processes internal, so that some of this shorter run business comes from our existing accounts as well. So it's not just coming from the new guys, it's coming new people I should say. It's coming from the entire sales force. But the focus of the new sales force is to go after these regional smaller accounts.
Daniel Rizzo: Will you be hiring more new sales force to do the same?
Bill Austen: We're feeling good about what we've got onboard right now and depending on how we continue to be successful and at that rate. You know we'll determine whether we need more.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] and our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Just wanted to ask about medical packaging. It seems like you had some strong success there. What's your outlook for that business kind of going into next year and are there any possibilities to get larger? There I know you're going to Amcor transaction, but thoughts on expansion in that market.
Bill Austen: We have a very good healthcare business globally. We run it globally for the reason of being effective, working with customers more closely, driving specification around the world for that type of package through that single source of customer. We continue to see this as a very nice space for us and it will be a good space for us for years to come. It droves better than GDP and we focus on it with innovation and technology, so that we create as I mentioned earlier that strong robust pipeline.
Arun Viswanathan: And on Latin America, I guess obviously - you've discussed the trade down into different products in the past and now you're seeing that conversion. Do you expect sales would moderate and are at least flat now I guess next year or you think headwinds will continue from a volume perspective? Thanks.
Bill Austen: The customer we talk to, all think that things will moderate or stabilize that's probably better way to put it, once they get through this election, this coming weekend. Obviously there will be some volatility post-election. But as the new government comes into place they feel that things will stabilize within that region. We again as I've said many times through Agility we have taken our fixed and variable cost down in that region significantly and created tremendous amount of leverage in our P&L, so that as volumes come back and continue to, as would continue to increase. We will continue to leverage the P&L and get fall through.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Hi, this is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. On the $12 million in cash cost related to Amcor that you called out. Could you clarify what offsets you're able to find in order to maintain guidance from cash operations? Sorry about this [indiscernible].
Mike Clauer: Our Q3 was a little better than we expected and we're very focused on delivering and generating cash flow in Q4. I wouldn't say there is any specific thing that offsets it.
Bryan Burgmeier: Okay understood. And then on Latin America, is it possible to say what volumes would have been if you exclude the customer shifts that you pulled out?
Bill Austen: I don't have that number on top of my head, sorry.
Bryan Burgmeier: Okay, thanks.
Erin Winters: One way to think about it Brian is that, the minus 15 let's 10 is related to folding box and then the remainder is related to the mix, topic Bill talked about as well as the customer changing format. So that explains the full 15, which would get you to flat.
Operator: Thank you. And it appears we have no additional questions at this time.
Erin Winters: Thank you. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: Thank you all for your attention. This concludes our conference call. All participants can now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc. William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc. Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Connor Robbins - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Bemis Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2018 conference call. Today is July 26, 2018. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we'll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about performance. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are, therefore, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filing, including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. We delivered a strong second quarter in line with our expectations. Earnings per share increased more than 40% versus one year ago, and we saw a strong operating profit improvement in all of our reportable segments totaling $20 million. Our teams are advancing Agility according to plan and are finding ways to continuously improve all areas of our business including operations, planning and back office work. The Agility mindset to fix, strengthen and grow Bemis is continuing to permeate our thinking and actions. Before walking around the globe on financial performance, I'll take a minute to talk about one of Bemis' most valuable assets, our people. Over the past few years, we have driven and experienced much change. We have new leadership in our U.S., Latin American and healthcare businesses, and those leaders are bolstering their teams by infusing new talent were needed and by providing new opportunities for high performing employees to expand influence, and all of this while driving out costs and laying the foundation for long-term growth. Change of this magnitude and breadth can be taxing on an organization and its people, but our employees have risen to the challenge. And not just with actions, but also with positivity and pride in their work. Bemis was recently named one of Forbes' Best Large Employers in America. This honor is awarded to companies whose anonymously surveyed employees would recommend their employer to family and friends. So what makes Bemis one of the best employers in America? Our people, who are making the right decisions and are contributing to our improvement both in the near-term and long-term. Specifically throughout the past year, our organization has made decisions in taking out cost that many companies would describe as difficult. But those decisions have been thoughtful and have been carried out with the utmost respect in line with our core values. Having been through much change recently to receive this honor from Forbes now is a true indication of the strong sense of loyalty, dedication, energy and pride our employees have in Bemis and I thank them. Turning to performance in our segment this quarter. Our U.S. business delivered strong improvement with operating profit up nearly $10 million compared to last year. Agility and improving operations benefited the bottom line. In Latin America, we improved operating profit by $6 million compared to last year, in light of headwinds from currency translation and the nationwide truck driver strike in Brazil. Regarding the strike, we did feel pressure on sales during May. During the strike, our teams did an outstanding job of managing our business. Cross-functional meetings were held twice daily to manage raw material availability, costs, and production schedules, in line with our customers' request. In some cases, we temporarily shut down machines or plants. And in other cases, we were able to keep critical lines running, a massive amount of coordination, time, and effort on behalf of our team in Brazil. To get through those challenges with nearly a $0.01 hurt to EPS demonstrates how nimble, accountable, and resourceful our teams have become. During June, demand returned and we continue to view the environment for our business in Brazil as stabilizing. We will continue to deliver our variable and fixed cost reductions that we initiated a year ago given the economic environment in Brazil, and our business will be well-positioned as the economic environment improves. Our Rest of World business delivered another strong quarter. Compared to last year, operating profit increased nearly $4 million, driven by healthcare packaging. We again saw strong organic growth in healthcare and leveraged that volume operationally to deliver high-quality service to our customers and to the benefit of the bottom line. I'll turn the call over to Mike now for a review of the financials and I'll come back to wrap up.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Today, I will discuss the financial details of our segments and total company followed by comments on the balance of 2018. U.S. Packaging segment. During the second quarter, our U.S. business performed well and delivered improvement compared to one year ago. Sales dollars were up 3.4% compared to the prior year, reflecting higher sales prices, partially offset by unit volume decline of 1%, directionally in line with our expectations. Excluding the impact of the infant care business at our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility, unit volumes for the U.S. segment would have been flat. U.S. Packaging operating profit of $89.9 million increased from $80.1 million last year, driven by the benefits of Agility, improving operations, including improvement related to the plant that struggled with an ERP system implementation one year ago, partially offset by freight cost. Volume did not have an impact on profits during the quarter, as we were able to offset the infant care business at Shelbyville, Tennessee with new business wins at good margin levels. Our operations ran well and we managed cost appropriately. Turning to Latin America. Second quarter sales were down 7.3%, as compared to the prior year, driven by a 16.1% decrease from currency translation as the Brazil real and the Argentine peso devalued. Remaining organic growth of 8.8% was driven by increased selling prices and mix versus one year ago, partially offset by unit volumes down 2%, driven by the impact of the truck driver strike in Brazil. Without this impact, volumes in Latin America Packaging would have been up low-single digits. Latin America operating profit of $9 million increased from $2.9 million last year. Currency translation hurt profits by $1.5 million, leaving an operational improvement of $7.6 million during the quarter, which was driven by the planned variable and fixed cost reductions implemented due to the challenging economic environment in Brazil, partially offset by the volume and absorption impact of the nationwide truck driver strike. Turning to the Rest of the World. Second quarter sales were up 6.3% compared to the prior year. Currency translation increased sales 4.8%. The acquisition of Evadix added 1%, leaving organic growth just under 1%. Unit volumes were up 1% with volume growth in our global healthcare business and in Asia, offset by volume declines in Europe due to timing of customer shipments. Rest of World operating profits increased to $18.7 million as compared to $14.8 million the prior second quarter. This improvement was driven by our healthcare packaging business where volumes grew and operations ran well. Now onto consolidated Bemis results. Total company SG&A expense of $96.8 million for the second quarter increased approximately $2 million compared to the prior year. While we have some Agility savings here, we also have inflation of 2.3% globally, as well as the impact of achieving any of the pay for performance targets in our 2018 plan. Total company research and development expense was $9.4 million, compared to $11.1 million in the prior year. This decrease is driven by certain administrative positions that were eliminated through Agility, some rebalancing of resources to operations, and the timing of projects. We anticipate full year 2018 R&D to be in line with last year. Interest expense was $18.7 million, compared to $16 million last year, due to increased rates. Income tax for the second quarter was 23.1%, as compared to 31.9% the prior year, driven primarily by lower rates due to the U.S. tax reform. Operating cash flow of $106.5 million this quarter was in line with the prior year. Restructuring and related cash costs were $14 million this quarter, and $4 million one year ago. Primary working capital as a percentage of sales was 14.9% at June 30, within our targeted range of 14% to 16%. Turning to comments on 2018 guidance. We reduced the high end of our adjusted EPS range for 2018 by $0.05 reflecting the impact of currency translation in Brazil and Argentina. We've assumed current rates remain throughout the balance of the year. Our new guidance range of $2.75 to $2.85 contains many of the same assumptions we shared at the beginning of the year. We continue to expect both Latin America and Rest of World segment to deliver 100 basis points of profit improvement for the full year. We continue to expect Agility benefits at $35 million at both the top and bottom of our range. We continue to expect headwinds for reinstating pay for performance and customer incentives. As shared last quarter, interest expense has entered as a headwind for the year that is accounted for in our guidance range. Where we are within the range will depend on a few factors. Number one, currency and the macroeconomic environment in Brazil and Argentina; number two, share repurchase; number three, input costs such as freight labor and utilities and our ability to offset them; number four, the transition of unique piece of business in Brazil. Specifically, during the 2005 acquisition of Dixie Toga, we gained a folding box business for packaging laundry detergent in Brazil. This business is run on fully depreciated equipment that was highly efficient given the 30-plus years our team spent perfecting both the product and the process. Our customer has decided to transition their format away from boxes to flexible pouches, typically transitioning to flexible benefits us as given that we don't have the incumbent format. However, in this case, the impact of our customer moving to our flexible pouch format actually hurts us both on the revenue and profit lines through the mix versus the box format. This may impact earnings up to $0.03 per share in the second half of the year depending on how quickly our customer starts pulling run rate levels of new flexible pouches. We are revising our full year cash flow from operations guidance to the range of $410 million to $430 million, a $15 million reduction at the midpoint when comparing to our previous range of $420 million to $450 million. This reduction reflects the impact of currency and lower outlook for working capital improvements as the pace of inventory reductions have been revised versus expectations coming into 2018. The revised cash flow guidance assumes working capital improvement attended $30 million compared to our original expectations of $20 million to $40 million in 2018. Expected restructuring and related cash cost are included in our guidance shall remain unchanged for 2018 at $50 million. We continue to expect capital expenditures in the range of $150 million to $160 million for 2018. We updated our general accepted accounting principle tax rate guidance to approximately 23% for 2018. I will mention that for the purpose of giving guidance, we provide a tax rate whole numbers, but in our forecast detail, the actual change is closer to 0.5% which I view as minimal. There are no particular topics that drive the small change rather than just details that have been refined as the year is now half over. As we head to the back half of 2018, we are focused on delivering our operating plans and finding ways to continuously improve and drive value while we're creating lean nimble business is well-positioned for the long-term. I will now turn the call back to Bill.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks, Mike. In summary, our second quarter and first half performance demonstrate progress. I continue to be encouraged by our actions to improve operationally, to lay the foundation for long-term growth, and to deliver our earnings commitments. Regarding Agility, our progress goes beyond creating an effective cost structure to strengthen and grow aspects of Agility, position our business strategically to drive value for the long-term. We continue to focus on delivering higher levels of quality and service across our entire business, and we continue to lay the foundation to penetrate short run business at large, medium and small-sized customers through agile lane, which aligns our people, assets, processes, and products to serve the pockets of growth in North America. As of July, we've hired 14 new sales reps. These hunters are incentivized to pursue and win the new business targets we have developed. We have received positive feedback on our core spec product portfolio from our initial customer outreach. We have received positive feedback on our ability to service this new business and also to be a partner to these customers. And we have won a handful of awards for short run packaging at both, new and existing customers, and are on track to reaching our target of $25 million in revenue during 2018. In summary, we are making progress to improve Bemis today and for the future. Our improving financials are an indication that we are on the right path. We are serving our customers better through improved quality and service. We are extending our sales reach to more short run business through agile lane. We are finding ways to continuously improve operational effectiveness and efficiency. And through all of this, we are laying a strong foundation for long-term net growth. We have a dedicated workforce, a world-class customer base, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio, and good positions in the markets we serve. And we are confident that we will continue to deliver our planned improvements in 2018 that create value for shareholders and that position our business for the future. With that, I'll turn the call over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Bill. Good morning, Mike.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Hey, Scott.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good morning.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: When we look at the U.S. Packaging business, margins there were better than we expected, so was operating profit, but didn't sound like from your comments. I mean, it sounded strong and you're making a lot of progress on Agility, but it didn't necessarily sound as if it was ahead of your expectation. Can you talk a little bit about that? I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but how did 2Q in U.S. Packaging sort of compare to what you expected, what you thought coming into the quarter?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. Scott, right on track. We've identified $35 million of benefit from Agility in 2018, and we are right on path to do that. All the work streams are on track. They're on pace. They're doing just what they had anticipated they would do. And we feel good about the progress that we're making there in Agility. Our volumes were a bit better in Q2 than we had thought going in, because we are getting some traction from the short-run business that we're bringing in, primarily at existing customer base, right. As we've talked in the past, it's easier to get business from customers you already have. So, we're targeting share of wallet gains on the short run side of the operation. So, made some good progress there in the quarter, as well as with these 14 new people that we brought onboard, they're out there making progress, albeit they haven't been onboard long. Some of them come from other companies that have connections and contacts at what would be some of the smaller-sized customers. So, we've been able to open the door to some of these smaller customers and actually through the Agile Lane process get product in their hands quickly, trial it quickly, and then get some fairly quick wins on the short side of business from new customers. So, that was a help in Q2 that we did not anticipate.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Bill. And, Mike, one quick one on the working capital improvement. Are you saying is it interest rates going up that's causing a little bit of the slowdown in the planned inventory reductions or is there something else going on with the customer base or higher resin prices?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: No. No. It's really more – we have developed specific actions to go after primarily work in progress. And I feel really good that we've developed strong plans and actions. We know what we've got to get done. It's just the pace is a little bit slower than we're anticipating. I want to be clear, we're not giving up at all on the total objective of the program. It's just how much we'll see in 2018 versus in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. Rising freight costs have been a bit of a theme in 2Q earnings so far. What impact did that have on your U.S. Packaging results? And do you have any costs left to recover in the back half of the year?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: As far as your question on freight, primarily in the U.S., it was a couple million dollars headwind that we faced and we will continue to see that as we go through the remainder of the year. But be certain that's included in our guidance.
Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks. And then in terms of Latin America, it seems like it's been a little bit better down there. How would you characterize mix as we get into the back half of the year? Do you find customers are still trading down for cheaper alternatives or is that largely played out now?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: That's largely played out. Our mix will be consistent in the back half of the year to what it's traditionally been.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Excluding the folding box.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to George Staphos of Bank of America.
Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is actually Molly Baum sitting in for George. So, just kind of going back to Agility. My first question is, can you just quickly review how the sources of the Agility gains are going to change over the next few quarters? Thanks.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: There would be no change to the sources of the Agility gains. The work streams are all in place and running and we'll continue to get gains out of those work streams as we go across. And maybe there'll be a little bit more coming from the global side of the business as the work streams offshore kick in. But it's all the same work streams. We're not changing that.
Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And my second question, we have said in past research that it's typically easier to fix than it is to grow. While, you saw some nice progress in the short runs, at what point do you think you can kind of safely project the sustained moderate growth for Bemis?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Well, I think you've got to step back and look at the customer base that we serve. We serve 27 of the top global CPGs primarily in North America. If you look at where those CPGs have been over the last few years, down three – down low-single digits to down mid-single digits, our volumes have maintained in and around the zero line if you will, maybe down one, up one, zero down one, up one, up one. So, if you go through that, we've continuing to find growth at the CPG because this year we're up at 19 of our top 25 CPG accounts we have flosses on, which tells us that we're finding the growth in the pockets where their SKUs are growing, not necessarily the headlines that you read about some of these CPGs. So, we're finding those pockets of growth with technologies that we've deployed, with some of the new sales tools and core products that we've deployed. We're finding growth in those areas. So, we're outpacing our customers' growth rate. So, we're just going to continue down that road and on that path.
Operator: We'll go next to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning and congrats on the initial progress that you're seeing. It's nice to see that.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess first off on U.S. Packaging, just to clarify did the second quarter fully encapsulate the full extent of the volume loss in infant care? And can you just sort of update us with your view on volumes for the segment during the back half of 2018, in context of the new volume that you secured?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. Ghansham, the second quarter fully reflected the loss of the infant care business. So, as Bill mentioned, our volumes in general were a little better than we had anticipated to end up flattish.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And is that a consequence of the end markets themselves having improved, or is that a consequence of the new business that you gained?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Ghansham, we look at it and say it's a function of the new business pickups that we've gained in the short run side of the business and primarily from existing customers as I said. So, we're getting traction there.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then, Bill, just your thoughts on the current war on plastics and the media et cetera, what are your customers coming back to you with in terms of their requirements, whether it's using recycled content of resin, or decontenting resin as it is. Just your perspective there, maybe some of the opportunities that you see that could actually benefit you with your capabilities et cetera. Thank you.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. Ghansham, it's a great question. So, we've just launched in Q2 of product line that we call Encore. Encore is a recyclable material, monomaterial if you will, that can be used for flexible standup pouches. We're getting a lot of inquiries and a lot of draw, if you will, pull from customers about that product line and the capabilities of that material. A little bit further out, it would be Gen2 of that material that we have not launched yet. We still have some work to do there. But, we are getting a lot inquiries for it. We're getting a lot of thoughts of how can you deploy this, how can we use this within our product portfolio. From the stand standpoint of the single use plastics some of the things that we do and now I'm going to talk switch gears here to Europe for a second. We're very heavily weighted in the high barrier packaging in Europe for protein and that has not yet come. The single use plastic has not been an attack on the protein side of the equation yet because you need barrier properties to maintain the shelf life of that material. But in Europe, we do have a product line that is couples up with a fiberboard box to create barrier properties for takeaway type foods and cook at home foods. So, there is a lot of push. There's a lot of pull and our R&D guys are continuing to invest time there to develop the next generation films.
Operator: We'll go next to Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just one quick one on the...
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good morning.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: ...on the resins. I mean again you've been aggressive anyways in prices. Have you finally been able to catch up with costs there and what does the price cost gap look like now have you completely closed that yet?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: As you know the way we think about it on average, we have a 90-day pass through. And then when you take into contemplate inventory levels, we don't believe this is a bigger hurt when resins is going up. We're a big help when it's going down. So, resins' been relatively stable for the last few months. So, I would surmise that we've kind of – we're getting close to being everything pass through.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. It makes sense. And my other question is on the share repurchase, like what should we expect in the second half of the year because in the first half you didn't get to do any share buyback? So what does the second half look like and what does it depend on?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I'll just read – I'll just restate kind of our philosophy that we return free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And you need to contemplate also cash being spent for restructuring. And our desire to stay investment grade is really important to us. So, we're kind of cognizant of our leverage res levels when we look at things.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. Just a quick question on the second half guidance. So, as far as I understand the tax implications, so it looks like there maybe a couple pennies benefit versus your prior outlook. And then, I guess, Agility also helps you with that. Would you say – I know you went through the swing factors so that was helpful. But I guess, would you kind of characterize overall performance as benefiting more from the cost saves or more of your volume growth in both U.S. Packaging outside of Shelbyville and healthcare, maybe just give us an overview aspects?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. I'll start with the tax rate. As I try to get across, we do things in halves when we guide. We do in wholes when we guide. It's about $0.01 if even that the rest of the year the change in our tax rate. As far as the kind of first half of the year, I think that more of the improvements have come out of the Agility cost outs. But also we've seen some pretty significant improvement in plant operations, specifically in North America that have done a really good job of offsetting other types of headwinds, freight, utility costs going up, just labor rates are going up, benefit costs et cetera. So things are going really well is the way I think about it. I would consider the second half is going to be so much the same. We're going to continue to benefit from what is another $18 million of Agility savings. And we would expect the productivity gains and momentum going on in the U.S. will continue.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. And then as a quick follow-up, if you look out over time, will Agility and this current restructuring program address your footprint overall, or do you think you'd have to take further measures there to address the different types of growth within your business? Thanks.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I think at this point, the way we are looking at Agility will continue in this organization. It's not just a fix. It's a, strengthen, and grow, it's become a mindset. It's becoming our way of doing business. And I think for the foreseeable future, we believe we have the right assets in place to meet the upcoming demands of what we hope is a very successful growth in the short run business category.
Operator: We'll go next to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey, guys. This is Salvator Tiano, fill in for Chip. How are you?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. So, my first question is on the Rest of the World business. I think the volumes decelerated quite sharply and it seems from the mix impact that's from Asia. So, can you give us a little bit some more color on what is going on in that part of the business?
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Sure. Salvator, when we look at the Q1 you're referencing, we had some pretty high volumes in Asia, double-digit, which we've called out of the ordinary and those returned to single-digit type levels in Q2. So, I think on the whole, our Q2 performance in Rest of World was roughly on par with what we'd expect. What did continue in Rest of World was strong growth in our healthcare business. So, that's both on the revenue line and, obviously, there's great operating profit help there as well.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And my second question is on CapEx, as we are kind of past the midpoint of the year, what are kind of your expectations directionally for CapEx, especially since you seem to be winning some more short-run business? So, could we see a slight pickup in that as you try to accommodate new business?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Salvator, no, we're right on track to spend what we had guided to spend. We're not going to go beyond that. We've put in some capital over the last few years, if you recall, for the recap program. We're now absorbing that new capital into our portfolio. So, no, we don't see any increase in our CapEx guidance.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Rizzo with Jefferies.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. How are you?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Just a quick question on Agility. As you kind of implement that and change things, is that leading to or has it led to a high employee turnover and is that kind of slowing things down at all?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: No, not at all. Obviously, we have had some reductions in our employee base, and just the fact that we were awarded from Forbes, The Best Large Employer in America award this year just kind of tell us that leadership's doing the right thing. The leadership is engaged. The employees are engaged. They're leveraging that. People are doing the right thing. So, the messaging that our leadership has out in the business right now is really clear that Agility is not just about fix, it's about, strengthen and grow. And that's where we have to have people head is towards strengthen and grow. And that's what we're starting to see come through in the business.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: And then, healthcare seems to be – is a growth area for you guys. Is there a way you can kind of position yourself better where you can kind of capitalize on the opportunity there that hasn't been really addressed yet or something you can do?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: The piece there that – we look constantly for acquisitions, okay, outside of the normal pipeline and we have a very robust pipeline, because if you think about how this business layers in, there's somewhere between a 24 to a 36 month validation period for new devices or new pieces of medical business to come home to roost, if you will. So, you've got to have a strong pipeline that layers in over the course of multiple years. We're seeing the benefits of a strong pipeline and we look for acquisitions in this space, but quite frankly, they're very hard to find because they're usually embedded inside of another large packaging company and they are not readily carvable, if you will. You can't pull them out to try to acquire them. So, I think we really rely on a strong pipeline.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to Anojja Shah with BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to go back to the U.S. volumes or the North America volumes, I know you said flat, part of your Shelbyville issue, flat volumes were within your expectations. But we're looking at how plastic packaging is growing. You're gaining more short-run business. We probably would have expected a little higher than flat, so what are we missing there? Is there some sort of lag when you get the short-run business? Just some more color there would be great.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Well, yeah, first of all, there is a lag. When you secure new business, there is some qualifications depending on the customer, not dissimilar from medical, but not quite as long, but there is shelf life, tests, et cetera. So, I think our revenue was really in line with what we're expecting and, Bill, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I guess, to put another way...
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. We're up with 14 of the – 19 of the top 25 customers in the U.S., our volumes are up with them. The commercialization period does take a little while. Onboarding takes a little while. We feel good about where we are and the fact that we've added 14 new commercial people in the field to go attack the pockets of growth that exist at new customers, feel good about what we're doing. The team in North America is doing a nice job there.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you. And then along those lines, then can you give us an idea of your expectation for volumes in the rest of this year in the U.S.?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I would consider – for the U.S., I would consider pacing what we've seen in Q1 and Q2. We still have the Shelbyville, Tennessee volumes for the rest of the year leaving and...
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Connor Robbins - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is actually Connor Robbins sitting in for Brian Maguire. I just wanted to come back to the freight environment and some of the resin input costs you guys are seeing. I wondered if you could provide a little bit more color on how your contractual mechanisms work. Obviously, you guys pass through your resin costs pretty well, was there – to what extent can you pass through those input costs through contracts or is that mostly just on you guys to try to recover those?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Well, our contracts primarily pass through the raw materials, i.e., the different types of resins, et cetera. So, what we would attempt to do in the contract renewals is see if we can get something going on with freight. Not in all cases do we pay the freight. It's kind of a mixed bag across the board of who pays the freight and our pricing. But I think that answers your question. We would not normally pass through freight or labor increases. That would – we try to attack that with other productivity initiatives.
Connor Robbins - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Got you. That's helpful. And then another note with kind of the FX environment. Obviously, in your Latin America segment, I mean, there was a pretty big headwind. I think it was 16% or so. I just wondered if you could give any sort of sensitivity analysis for the movements in that environment.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: They'll move about Connor, I think the thing that we did call out is that for the full year roughly a $0.05 impact on the EPS and that's primarily from the REITs from Latin America both the real and the Argentinian peso.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Those are translation rates. It doesn't get – the business on itself at local currency is doing what they said they would do. So it's just a matter of translation.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Translation. Not a transaction.
Connor Robbins - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go back to George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Sorry, joined the call late, so, you might have answered these questions previously, apologies in advance, if you did. I guess the first question I had, when we look at the implied guidance for the back half of the year using the midpoint of your range in the release, it would imply earnings roughly around a $1.50 for the second half, which is pretty much I think where consensus is. Would we expect because of Agility and the fact that you're still gaining momentum there, I mean, that the fourth quarter is a little bit heavier than the third quarter proportionally? Traditionally, third quarter is a heavier quarter. How would you have us think about that and some of the key factors that ultimately drive your end result over 3Q and 4Q? That's question number one. Question number two. There has been changes at the board level of the company over the last six months. Has – Bill, the day-to-day running of the business changed at all, or is it pretty much the same? How has the input from the board impacted the way the company is proceeding on a going forward basis? And by the way, congratulations on the quarter as well. I forgot to mention that earlier.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks. Thanks, George. Yeah. The back half of the question first. The day-to-day running of the company is the same, okay. Where everyone is aligned. We want to continue to improve operationally. We want to continue to improve our operations globally and we want to continue to do what's in the best interest of shareholders. So everyone is completely aligned and that's how we run the company. That's how we ran it before, that's how we run it today. So there's really been no change there. On your other part of the question, Q3, Q4. Traditionally, seasonality, Q3 is always larger than Q4. And that's how the plan rolls out in the back half of this year. Q3 is again our seasonally highest quarter. Traditionally, our highest quarter and it is higher this year as it has been in all the past years.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Would be.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: And we'll go back to George Staphos.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: One last one from me. I didn't want to overdo it with the two question limit. Bill again, you've been in the seat for a few years now. Maybe this has come up earlier in the call., if it has, again apologies in advance. How is the culture within the organization changed, would you say in terms of accomplishing what you and Mike kind of set out as the course for the organization? And I know the standard response for coming will be, it's fine and getting better. But if you could give some particular instances where the culture is now really driving performance for instance it would be helpful there. Good luck in the quarter.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks. Thanks, George. Yeah. The culture change, the culture drum never stops right. And we embarked on this to change the culture of Bemis some years ago to create a high performing culture. And I think we're starting to get a really good traction there now. It took a lot of hard work, but it also took – we had to change out some of the leadership to get there. And when – as that leadership changes out, they bring in new leaders and they bring people from the bottom of the organization or the high performers. They bring them up into the organization and that's what takes a little while. And once it gets started, I don't want to say it snowballs, but it continues to feed upon itself and move forward and move the company forward which we've been able to do. And I think we're seeing that now with Agility. We're also seeing that with the fact that Forbes named us as one of the Best Large Employers in America this past year. So, I think we're doing a really good job in that area. The leadership is completely engaged around that and continuing to push and drive our results and our performance.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Winters for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Great, thanks. Thanks everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc. William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc. Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.
Analysts: George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Andrew Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis first quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2018 conference call. Today is October 26, 2018. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under Investor Relations tab, where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these factors. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. We delivered a solid start to 2018. Our financial performance exceeded our internal plan for the quarter, driven by Agility savings and improving operations. Through Agility, changes taking place. We are driving new levels of discipline and rigor into our business and we are holding ourselves accountable through our project management office. The Agility mindset to fix, strengthen and grow Bemis is becoming part of our everyday actions. We are meeting the milestones we set for all Agility work streams. Two of the four plant consolidations are now complete and the associated business has been absorbed at other facilities. We have implemented travel related cost reductions, including the elimination of our aviation cost center. We have reduced more than 300 administrative positions. We are exiting leased office spaces and utilizing existing facilities and we are implementing a variety of other cost reductions to align our business with the environment we are in and to position our business well for the long run. Our teams are stepping up to the challenge to improve our business in accelerated ways. For example, we delivered ahead of our first quarter Agility savings plan by moving up the timeline for the elimination of certain administrative positions. Our teams are energized and taking action to drive value for the long-term. We continue to expect $35 million of Agility related savings in 2018 that contribute to the total plan savings of $65 million by the end of 2019. Turning to financial performance in our segments. Our U.S. business delivered a solid quarter. Compared to last year, operating profit increased nearly $4 million, a step in the right direction. Agility is improving operations provided net benefit to the bottom line. Our plants ran well again this quarter. Costs were managed well at our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility during the initial ramp down of production of the infant care business. We also did a great job of managing our capacity in Shelbyville by temporarily balancing another plants production need. A great example of how our teams in the U.S. are embodying the Agility mindset of working differently to quickly and confidently respond to changes. Our Latin America business delivered on plan for the quarter. Compared to last year, sales and profits were down, a result of the incrementally challenging economic environment in Brazil that started during the second quarter of last year. We continue to view the environment for our business in Brazil as stabilizing. We are executing our planned cost reductions in the region, and our business will be well-positioned as the economic environment improves. Our Rest of World business delivered a strong quarter. Compared to last year, operating profit increased approximately $3 million, driven by performance in our global healthcare business. We saw strong organic growth in our healthcare business, and we leveraged that volume operationally to deliver high quality and service to our customers and to benefit our bottom line. I'll turn the call over to Mike now to review our financials and then I'll come back for a wrap up.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Today I will discuss the financial details of our segments in total company, followed by comments on the balance of 2018. U.S. Packaging segment. During the first quarter, our U.S. business performed well and delivered improvement compared to one year ago. Sales dollars were up 2.6% compared to the prior year, reflecting higher selling prices partially offset by unit volume decline of 1%, directionally in line with our expectations. Excluding the impact of the initial ramp down of our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility, unit volumes for the U.S. segment would have been flat. U.S. Packaging operating profit of $87.2 million increased from $83.5 million last year, driven by the benefits of Agility and improving operations, partially offset by volume freight costs and incentives committed to our customers. Our operations ran well and we managed cost appropriately. Turning to Latin America Packaging. First quarter sales were down 4.8% as compared to the prior year, almost entirely from the currency impact. Selling prices were up high-single-digits, offset by unit volumes down 8%, driven by economic conditions in Brazil as we had anticipated. Recall that the incremental decline in the economy started during the second quarter of 2017. So, our current quarter compares to a much different environment last year. Latin America operating profit was down during the first quarter compared to last year as a result of lower volumes driven by the challenging economic environment in Brazil. First quarter profits improved sequentially versus the fourth quarter of 2017 as a result of the variable cost actions we have taken in the region. First quarter performance was in line with our expectations and on pace to achieve our full-year improvement targets in the region. Turning to Rest of the World Packaging. First quarter sales were up 13.9% compared to the prior year. Currency impacted at 8.8%. The acquisition of Evadix added 1.1%, leaving organic growth at 4%. Unit volumes were up 12% with volume growth in Europe and Asia and global healthcare businesses. Volume benefit was partially offset by price and mix given particular strength of sales in Asia. Rest of World Packaging operating profit increased to $16.5 million as compared to $13.6 million in the prior first quarter. This improvement was driven by our healthcare packaging business where volumes grew and operations ran well. Now onto consolidated Bemis results. Total company SG&A expense for the first quarter was $96.9 million as compared to $96 million in the prior first quarter. Excluding the impact of currency, SG&A expense was down slightly compared to last year. You should continue to anticipate full year 2018 SG&A expense to increase modestly. While we have Agility savings here, we also have inflation of 2% to 3% globally, as well as the impact of exceeding annual pay for performance targets in our 2018 plan. Total company research and development expense was $10 million compared to $12.5 million in the prior year. The decrease was driven by certain administrative positions that were eliminated through Agility, some rebalancing of resources to operations and the timing of projects. We anticipate full year 2018 R&D to be in line with last year. Interest expense was $18.9 million compared to $16 million last year, a result of increased rates. Income taxes for the first quarter was 23.8% as compared to 31.2% the prior year, driven primarily by lower rates due to the U.S. tax reform. Operating cash flow of $54.3 million this quarter compared to $94.5 million the prior year. Restructuring and related cash costs were $9 million this quarter and $6 million one year ago. The primary change in operating cash flow versus one year ago relates to the benefit of extended payable terms during the first quarter of last year. You may recall that we aggressively went after improving DPO in 2015 and the last round of improvement came through in 2017. I'm pleased that we have maintained these terms with suppliers. We did see inventory days come down slightly since year-end, directionally in line with our plans for 2018. Primary working capital as a percentage of sales was 15.7% in March 31, within our target range of 14% to 16%. Capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $46.2 million. We continue to anticipate full year CapEx between $150 million to $160 million. During the first quarter, we did not repurchase any shares, we are cognizant of our leverage metrics and we will not delever – we will not lever up to buy shares. We will continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders in line with our capital allocation policy. Turning to comments on 2018 guidance, we maintain our adjusted EPS range for 2018 of $2.75 to $2.90. We had a good start to 2018 as compared to our internal plan, but we do have incremental headwinds of interest expense as rates on variable debt have risen between 20 and 50 basis points since our original planning period. For the full year, we continue to expect $45 million of Agility savings at both the bottom and top end of our EPS range. We also maintain our full year cash from operations guidance in the range of $420 million to $440 million. As a reminder, this includes approximately $50 million of restructuring and related cash costs in 2018. We continue to expect working capital improvement of $20 million to $40 million in 2018 primarily related to improvements in inventory. In summary, we are making progress through Agility. We continue to take actions to align our business in environment we are operating in to create a lean number of business that is well positioned for the long-term. I will now turn the call back to Bill.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: In summary, our first quarter performance demonstrates progress. I'm encouraged by our actions and results. We improved operational. We advanced Agility. We maintained pace with our new business awards and most importantly, we delivered on our commitments. With respect to Agility, our progress goes beyond creating an effective cost structure. I am particularly encouraged by the actions and the efforts related to the fix, and – to the strengthen and grow aspects of Agility that position our business strategically to be successful. The actions we are taking today bolster our foundation to deliver higher levels of quality and service and to capture growth, particularly in short run business at large, medium and small sized customers. Our pilot of agile lane is underway with our people, assets, processes and products aligned to service short run business. Turning to guidance. As Mike mentioned, we are maintaining our 2018 guide. We delivered a good start to our 2018 plan and have positive actions underway. But we are also taking into account headwinds from recent interest rate increases and we will closely monitor currency and freight rates throughout the remainder of the year. We continue to enact change that positions Bemis for enduring success. We are building on our strong foundation of a world-class customer base, a dedicated workforce, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio and good positions in the markets we serve to be successful. We are confident that we will continue to deliver our planned improvements in 2018 that creates value for shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details and for taking my questions. I had kind of a shorter term question to start and then a longer term bigger picture question. In terms of the volume growth, clearly, we understand that Shelbyville was an effect on volume for U.S. Packaging. Bill, I was wondering when should we expect to see the benefits to strengthen and grow from Agility actually to better volume overall for this segment? I know it's hard to parse this to a day or week or month, but should we start to see this benefit your volumes in the second half and the second quarter in 2019? How would you have us think about that? That's question one. Question two is more on return on capital and the business and how you manage capital structure over time to get a higher return on equity. Over the last decade plus, returns have been relatively flat. Despite M&A, both divestitures and acquisitions that you've employed, EBITDA has been very stable. Does that not suggest perhaps using capital structure more aggressively to try to get a higher return ultimately to your shareholders? Thank you.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. George, on the first part of your question, the strengthen and grow piece, as we said on the last call, we started the pilot – the short run agile lane in early Q1 and we piloted it in the meat segment. We just started the second pilot a week or two ago in the cheese segment. And what we've put in our plan for this year as we've said was $25 million of new business in short runs at the high-end of our guide for 2018. So what we've put into the plan is the initial piloting, how do we ramp it through the business, and then how do we ramp it up externally. So we've got $25 million of new business in our plan for 2018 at the high-end of the guide.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: As to your question on accelerated return on capital, George, I think that's always been our intent. I think the progress we're making on Agility is fully intended to enhance and create shareholder value at a quicker pace. We are not walking away from M&A. We're looking at anything that would accelerate our ability to do what Bill mentioned as the short runs and we're going to continue very disciplined CapEx expectations of our business units.
Operator: And our next question will come from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. During the quarter, you guys announced a creation of the Finance and Strategy Committee. Just wondering if you can provide any color in terms of the scope or the timing or really what kind of activities the Committee will be tasked with?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. The Committee is really put in place to formalize the activities that have been conducted at the full board level, not unlike why you have an Audit Committee or a Compensation Committee. It's to more specifically then look at corporate finance, development and M&A.
Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Got it. Yeah. That's helpful. And then in terms of inflation in the quarter, can you guys quantify the impact of freight, aluminum or labor, and are you still anticipating kind of 2% to 3% range globally that you highlighted on the last call?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Inflation during the quarter, it's – I mean globally, it's probably 2% to 3%. And I think – our objectives and I think you see it the way we ran our business this quarter as we were able to offset that with productivity initiatives and the improvement in our EBITDA and OP has really driven by Agility cost outs.
Operator: And we will now move to Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just one quick one. Can you talk about the dynamics of pricing, because we keep reading in the papers how many of your customers are not able to pass through cost to the own customers? Is this making for lack (00:18:14) of difficult conversation with your customers? Like how are you approaching pricing?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Right. Well, we have contracts in place with the vast majority of our customers. So that business is under contract. It's not priced daily, weekly, monthly, on that kind of a basis. In North America, the lion's share of the business, 80-plus percent, is under contract. So we don't see that impacts on a short-term basis.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: So even longer term, I mean, is there a lack of risk your customers could try to change the terms of the contract? Because if they're having trouble passing it through, they're going to get squeezed and I would assume they'll try to squeeze the suppliers, but any concerns there at all?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: We've – clearly, last year, part of our performance was the fact that we had given some concessions and we weren't able to offset it with other cost-outs. That's a normal part of our business. Processes, as contracts come up for renewal, customers are expecting lower input and that's part of our strategy, is we are constantly working on lightweighting, downgauging and other initiatives, recognizing that that's an expectation of their customers.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning. I guess back to U.S. Packaging and volume decline of 1% during the first quarter, did that fully reflect the loss share in infant care or will that loss be more pronounced on a quarterly basis as the year unfolds?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: It will be more pronounced this year unfolds, Ghansham.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: It ramped down in Q1.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: It ramped down in Q1. Okay. Thank you. And then last quarter, you noted that conditions in Brazil were stabilizing with profitability set to improve in 2018. Can you update us on that view? I mean, volumes were down 8% in the first quarter, basically flat in 4Q. Is that a comp issue, loss of share? What's going on there? Thank you.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah, Ghansham, that's a comp issue. We are right on track with what our internal plan was for Brazil in Q1. And as we said, we would sequentially get better from a profitability perspective and that also is right on pace with our internal plan.
Operator: And we will now hear from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So, question on the margins. Looks like you've made some decent progress through Agility in U.S. Packaging. Are more of the gains – should we expect continued gains in U.S. Packaging as we go forward? And if not, what kind of impact on global margins should we expect?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: You will see continued gains in margins as Agility continues to gain more and more speed throughout the business. You'll see that both in the U.S. Packaging and on the Global Packaging side of the business.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: And Latin America.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: And Latin America as well.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Is there like a rough split, sorry, on the cost savings between the segments that you've disclosed with?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: The majority of the cost savings and Agility efforts are in North America.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will now move to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, guys. This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. How are you?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Firstly – first question would be, can you just break down in Latin America the volume growth that you saw in Brazil versus the remaining countries? I think Brazil should be the majority, but not everything over there. So I guess it was worse than the 8% you saw in the region?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Brazil is the majority of what is contained in Latin America and we won't break volumes down sub-regionally within Latin America.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Understood. And my follow-up is, in Rest of the World, can you give us some more color about volume growth specifically? What you saw in healthcare and what you saw in Asia Pacific? I think you mentioned that the majority was in healthcare. But the sales – the price and the mix drag was very pronounced, implying I think that a lot of the volume growth actually came from low priced Asia products.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: The majority of the Rest of World would be healthcare. And we had volume growth in healthcare and healthcare is global, so healthcare is part of the Asia Pacific piece. So you've got growth in healthcare, you've got growth in Europe and you have growth in Asia Pacific as well.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I think our comment regarding margin is you're correct, it would have been stronger growth in food and specialty packaged applications in Asia which just carry lower margins.
Operator: And we will now move to Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. I'm going to try to tie together a couple of comments that you guys have made thus far. Mike, you made reference to customer dialog, customer conversations being a little bit difficult and then sort of coming in the table expecting a little bit of price or a way to keep their costs flat, your customers, meaning. I know you guys are working on Agility right now, but is there a plan in place or some sort of thought process around embedding an ongoing continuous improvement program that delivers some level of cost savings on an annual basis to offset that if you do have to sort of give back price on a go forward basis?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. Maybe it didn't come across or it hasn't been quite explained to the detail that you need, Gabe. We put a project management office in place. We have – Agility is kind of the all umbrella on fix, strengthen and grow and then there's work streams underneath that umbrella, one of which is lean and productivity. And when Mike said we rebalanced some of our R&D costs into operations, we've actually rebalanced the effort of R&D somewhat back into operations, so that we are continuously driving process improvement as well as cost-outs as well as lightweighting as well as redefining and relooking at specifications to continually take cost out of the operation. So, yes, it's well underway and that's part of what we saw in Q1, Q3, Q1 – Q4, I should say, of 2017 was gains in productivity from lean, gains in fixed cost down from Agility, and that's now being embedded into every region's operating rhythm.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then one – I don't want to necessarily get into the accounting of it, but, Mike, did I understand you correctly that – well, two-part question. How are things progressing, I guess, with some of your key customers in terms of volumes and more specifically tracking towards rebates? And I think I heard you say you're sort of accruing for that assuming that they're going to hit that bar or threshold sometime during the year. Can you confirm that?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: That would be a correct statement that we accrue or we expense these rebates or incentives based upon the full-year plan and what the customers' commitments are. And at this point, everything's on target for them to achieve the full-year growth objectives for us.
Operator: We will now move to Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning. It's Anojja Shah for Mark. I just wanted to go back to Brazil for a second. We're getting some mixed signals from a lot of the packaging companies this quarter. We had one company that had volumes up 30%, we had some other companies that are seeing strength. What do you think it is about your specific product or market segment that is making you have such a different experience in Brazil?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. For us, it's the consumer and the consumer demand. I don't know what other packaging folks have said, but our product goes directly into the hands of the consumers. And until consumption begins to pick up, and that's really driven by unemployment, if you will, that's how we view it, as unemployment comes down, people go back to work, they have more money to spend on products at the grocery store. Our consumption goes up of our products. So we have very high customer shares in Brazil. So, as their business begins to ramp up, we will ramp up with them. But we're seeing exactly what we had thought we would see, a stable environment going forward in Brazil, increasing profitability going forward throughout Brazil.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And just to clarify, you have sequential improvement built in for the rest of 2018 in Brazil?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: We do.
Operator: And our next question will come from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Mike, I wanted to ask you. You made some comments about not repurchasing shares, being mindful of leverage. I realized we're in a rising rate environment here. But your leverage really isn't that high compared to a lot of your peers. So I just wanted to see if you have any updated thoughts on how you want to manage your leverage over the next couple of years and anything incremental on share repurchase as we should expect them to resume at some point.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Our capital allocation policy and philosophy still intends to maintain an investment grade which says 2 5 times is probably where you want to be. You can push that with the right acquisition and then delever quickly. So, the philosophy is still not to kind of change the balance sheet. I'm mindful of leverage. If you look at Q1 between operating cash flow and CapEx, there just really wasn't any cash really left to meaningfully buy back stock. But as we progress through the year, our cash flows get stronger seasonally. And if there's not an acquisition, we will use our free cash flow to the shareholders.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then we talked a lot about pluses and minuses of volumes the last couple of quarters. But would you be able to speak to – what are you most optimistic about within your portfolio, driving volume growth for Bemis over the next year or two?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. It's really the piece of Agility that's about growth. It's the short run business and the agile lane. We've – very early into that process, but we're starting to see what that might frame up as as we go forward. And it's very encouraging. We're hiring more salespeople. We're hiring some inside people so that we can really go after this over the course of the next several quarters and years because that's where we see the growth. And it's not just in customers that we don't currently have in our portfolio, but it's from customers that we have in the portfolio that have got short run business and the agile lane is perfectly situated to attack that.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: We will now go to a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is actually Molly Baum sitting in for George. He had to drop off for another earnings call. Just one quick follow-up and just going back to Brazil. So you had mentioned sequential improvement in volumes and if I recall in 4Q, you had mentioned your volume expectation for the full year was flat. So are you expecting volume or positive volumes 2Q through 4Q? If you can just provide a little more color on that, that would be great. Thank you.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. That's correct.
Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: We see volumes flat for 2018, okay, versus 2017. So we're down in Q1 but it's a four quarter game, right? You just can't look at Q1 and say, okay, it's going to be like that for the rest of the year. Our plan is laid out so that we will have flat volumes throughout 2018.
Molly Baum - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
John Andrew Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is John on for Scott. How are you doing, Mike, Bill?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Doing well.
John Andrew Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Great. So I know you talked about Agility a lot already. I was actually kind of surprised with the $8 million of savings this quarter and that might be partially driven by what – Bill, you had mentioned in the beginning of the call about the moving up and timing of some of the elimination of administrative positions. But how should we think of the progress in savings throughout the rest of the year and maybe broken out by the U.S. and by LatAm as one a little bit later in 2018 or has been moved up and with the $8 million already generated in 1Q could that $35 million of savings be a little bit conservative or maybe just a pull through from some of the savings you'd expect in 2019?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Well as we said, is that – John, is that we accelerated, we pulled forward to get more into Q1. So, we're – as we said, $35 million at the low end and the high end of our guide. We are tracking to that pace. We're going to continue to push and drive hard. The teams are all doing that. The majority of that savings is in North America and we'll continue to run this through the project management office and drive that rigor back down into the organization.
John Andrew Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. And since the closing of the two facilities that are now complete, what is the capacity utilization being with these facilities look like now and has there been any change to how you're thinking of improving the utilization rate across the business?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah, the latter half of that is, it's all about this whole effort around productivity and this whole effort around lean. It opens up capacity coupled with the recapitalized assets that we've put in place over the last few years continues to drive productivity and gains and upsides to capacities. So we have the ability to grow, we have the ability to continue to drive productivity and that's what Agility and the lean work stream is all about.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters - Director, Investor Relations Bill Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert. W. Baird Connor Robbins - Goldman Sachs John Dunigan - Barclays Bryan Burgmeier - Analyst Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets Kyle White - Deutsche Bank Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Michael Leblanc - KeyBanc Jason Freuchtel - SunTrust  Gabrial Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Bemis Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2017 conference call. Today is February 1, 2018. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our vice -- Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with the related follow-up and then fall into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you will find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K, to review these factors. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. 2017 was a pivot year for us as we implemented Agility. We are enacting change that positions Bemis Company for enduring success. We are making progress as reflected in adjusted operating profit that was up nearly $35 million in the second half of 2017 as compared to the first half of the year. Our fourth quarter results were at the high end of our most recent guidance, and we are confident that we will continue to deliver our planned improvements in 2018. During 2017, we launched Agility to fix, strengthen and grow our business. Our approach was comprehensive as we engaged respected partners, we considered a wide variety of alternatives, we set a high bar of expectations, we implemented our project management office to ensure the highest level of discipline and accountability for long-term success, and our team is engaged and committed to delivering improvement. Before discussing that further, I'll turn the call over to Mike to discuss details of our 2017 financial performance and 2018 guidance. Mike?
Mike Clauer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Today, I will start by discussing the financial details of 2017, and then I will close with 2018 outlook. Full year 2017 adjusted earnings per share at $2.39 was at the high end of our most recent guidance. While the fourth quarter tends to be seasonally slower, our plants operated well and we controlled cost. Before discussing segment and total company results, I will discuss a few unique items that we recorded during the fourth quarter of 2017. First, the goodwill impairment. We previously disclosed that we were conducting an interim impairment analysis of our Latin America business, and during the fourth quarter, we recorded a noncash charge of $196.6 million pretax related to goodwill in Latin America. This reflects a full impairment of goodwill in Latin America and was driven by our lower profit performance due to decline in the economic environment in Brazil in 2017 and the related forecasted slower economic recovery in our point-in-time analysis. To be clear, while the current economic environment in the region is challenging, we have confidence in our business, our market position and the long-term opportunities for Bemis Latin America.  Second, the pension settlement. In 2017, we initiated a program to offer certain retired participants in frozen U.S. retirement plans the opportunity to receive their benefits early as a lump sum. As a result, during the fourth quarter, we recorded a noncash pension settlement charge of $10.1 million pretax. This program offering was prudent as it helps reduce plan risk and future cost of insurance paid for by the plan. Our pension plan remains well funded. Third, the impact of U.S. tax reform. During the fourth quarter, we've recorded a noncash tax benefit of $67.2 million as a result of the recent U.S. tax reform passed in December. The majority of this benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities under the new law. Also, in the fourth quarter, we realigned our reportable segments, moving from two segments in U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging into three segments in U.S., Latin America and rest of world. U.S. Packaging remains unchanged. Latin America Packaging includes all of our food and nonfood packaging operations located in Mexico, Argentina and Brazil. Rest of World Packaging includes all of our food and nonfood packing operations in Europe and Asia as well as our medical packaging operations in the U.S., Europe and Asia. This new reporting structure complies with technical accounting rules for segment reporting and also provides a more detailed look at what we previously called our global business segment. For comparative purposes, historical sales and operating profit for the three segments is available in the press release. Further detail is also on Pages 10 and 11 of the supplemental schedules on our website. Moving to operational results for 2017. U.S. Packaging segment. Specific to the fourth quarter, our U.S. business performed well. Unit volumes were flat as compared to the prior fourth quarter, which was better than we had planned. Our operations ran well, and we managed cost appropriately. Looking at full year 2017 net sales, dollars were flat as compared to prior year, which reflects unit volumes up nearly 1%, offset by mix of products sold, which were driven by continued success of the big middle category. U.S. Packaging operating profits of $352.5 million in 2017 was down from $400 million last year, reflecting mix of products sold, the impact of previously negotiated contractual selling price reductions and inefficiencies related to the ERP system implementation at one of our plants during the second quarter. Turning to Latin America Packaging. Fourth quarter sales were down 0.6% as compared to the prior year, most of which related to currency impact. Unit volumes were flat compared to the fourth quarter, prices were up and mix continued to trend down to less expensive packaging alternatives. For the full year 2017, sales were up 1.2% as compared to the prior year. This was driven by the benefit of currencies and increased prices, partially offset by mix of products sold and a 4% decrease in unit volumes, which were primarily driven by the economic conditions in Brazil. Latin America operating profit trended down during the fourth quarter and full year as compared to last year, driven by the continued challenging economic environment in Brazil that is putting pressure on unit volumes and mix of products sold. Fourth quarter profit performance in our Latin America business was in line with our expectations. We have reduced both variable and fixed costs in our Latin America business, which has driven profit improvements since the low point during the second quarter of 2017. Conditions are stabilizing in Brazil, and we expect improving profitability in '18 and beyond from the actions we have taken. Turning to the Rest of the World Packaging. Fourth quarter sales were up 3% as compared to the prior year. Currency was up 4%, the acquisition of Evadix added 0.5%, unit volumes were up 8% and prices were up, all partially offset by mix of products sold driven by the strength of sales in Asia. For the full year 2017, sales were up 4.2% as compared to the prior year. Currency resulted in a 1.7% decrease for the full year. Unit volumes were up 6%, and selling prices were also up. The acquisitions of SteriPack and Evadix contributed a 3.7% increase in sales for the full year 2017 as compared to the prior year. All this was partially offset by a decrease in mix driven by the strength of sales in Asia. Rest of world operating profit trended down during the fourth quarter and full year as compared to last year, driven primarily by rising raw material input prices in Europe and mix of products sold. Now on to consolidated Bemis results. Total Bemis Company SG&A expense for the year was $380 million, down from $392 million last year. The reduction was due primarily to our pay-for-performance practices and strong cost controls. Operating cash flow of $379 million in 2017 compared to $437 million in the prior year. Adjusted for restructuring-related cash costs, operating cash flow was $404 million in '17 compared to $446 million in the prior year. Working capital increased cash flow by $15.5 million this year, and the remaining difference was driven by lower profits in 2017.  Specific to the fourth quarter, cash flow was less than expected by approximately $30 million as a result of not reducing inventories to the degree we anticipated during the quarter. The two primary drivers were an inventory build in our health care business to get ahead of a planned equipment shutdown in the first quarter and an inventory build related to onboarding a sizable new fresh red meat customer in the U.S. Primary working capital as a percentage of sales was $14.6 million at December 31st, an improvement from 15.8% 1 year ago and within our targeted range of 14% to 16%. Capital expenditures for 2017 totaled $189 million, in line with our expectations. During 2017, we repurchased 2.2 million shares for a total of $103.8 million. We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning free cash flow to our shareholders. Turning to 2018 guidance. We have established an adjusted EPS range for 2018 of $2.75 to $2.90, which includes a $0.31 benefit at the midpoint related to the U.S. tax reform. Next, I will discuss some assumptions that have -- we have considered in our earning guidance. First, our guidance includes $35 million benefit from Agility. This is primarily driven by the actions we have taken through the restructuring program. We anticipate the majority of this benefit to be reflected in the second through the fourth quarters.  Second, our guidance assumes a 24% tax rate in 2018, which is the result of the recently passed U.S. tax reform.  Third, our guidance assumes our customers deliver their forecasted levels of new business to earn their optimal business incentive. A reminder of the background on this topic. Coming into 2017, we locked up multiyear agreements with a variety of our customers. One of our large customers did not deliver the anticipated levels of new business per this agreement during 2017, so appropriately, the associated rebate was not earned in 2017. The contract is still in place so our customer will have the opportunity to earn the full business incentive this year if they deliver the new bids they committed to transition to us. If the optimal level of incentive is reached, this will create a year-over-year delta of approximately $20 million.  Fourth, our guidance assumes normal execution of our capital allocation policy. We will continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, assuming an acquisition is not imminent. Fifth, our guidance accounts for normal inflation in 2018. Specifically, on SG&A, you should anticipate a modest increase. While we have some Agility savings here, clearly, we have inflation at 2% to 3% globally, and we are reinstating a pay-for-performance level reflective of improving profits in 2018. Sixth, interest expense. Our EPS guide includes an increase of $7 million, resulting primarily from generally higher interest rates following the forward curve. And last, our guidance accounts for business wins and losses known as a result of the long-term nature of our customer agreements. Coming into 2018, there is a specific meaningful piece of business in the big middle that we were unable to contractually resecure in the U.S. The business relates to infant care packaging produced at our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility. Our customer, whose end market is an ultracompetitive space, is embarking on several plant closures within their network and has decided to transition this business away from our facility. Our analysis showed that our assets at this facility could not be redeployed and deliver a meaningful return. We are therefore closing our facility in Shelbyville, Tennessee in 2018. The base profit related to this infant care business was approximately $6 million annually, and we will under-absorb fixed costs during the fourth quarter as we ramp down production in advance of the full closure of the facility this summer. To be clear, this facility is not one of the four we had announced this past September. Our 2018 plan includes a variety of contractual wins that offset the profit impact of this loss. These wins [indiscernible] are smaller in size and range across all of our end markets, with particular strength in liquid and protein applications. Bill will discuss these when I turn the call back to him. As to unit volumes in 2018, for our U.S. business, we are not providing specific guidance due to the unique nature of the business loss I just discussed. This piece of business in the big middle contributes greater unit volume than it does sales dollars or profit. As we move throughout the year and report units on a quarterly basis as required, you will see that our U.S. unit volumes will print down but the weight of that number is not a good indicator of revenue or profit dollars. In Latin America, our view is that 2018 volumes will be relatively flat as compared to the full year 2017 as the economic environment is stabilizing but still not recovering to the degree that is expected in the future. In the rest of world, our view is that 2018 volumes will be up single digits for the full year, with strength in health care in Europe and some decline in Asia driven by a customer who wants a second source of supply. Turning to capital expenditure guidance for 2018. We expect to spend between $150 million and $160 million. Of this, about $55 million is for the environmental, health and safety at our plants around the world and approximately $100 million is targeted for select growth projects and asset recapitalization projects that meet or exceed our 15% ROIC hurdle. And finally, we have established 2018 guidance for cash from operations in the range of $420 million to $440 million. This includes approximately $50 million of restructuring and related cash costs in 2018. Regarding working capital, we are targeting $20 million to $40 million of working capital improvement in 2018, primarily from inventory improvement. As part of our Agility initiative, we have established specific inventory goals in the U.S., with quarterly metrics and actions to achieve the planned results. I anticipate normal seasonality in cash flow throughout the year, with cash from operations later in the first quarter and then building from there. Where we are in our EPS range of $2.75 to $2.90 will depend on further movement of currencies, onboarding of new business awards, the pace of Agility growth initiatives and how our customers' end markets perform. As to earnings cadence through 2018, I anticipate the first quarter to be the lightest as seasonality plays in. On a year-over-year basis, also recall that the further decline in the economic environment in Brazil did not occur until Q2 last year but the business incentive I mentioned earlier will be a comp and that we will not absorb fixed costs as well in our U.S. business during the first quarter as we shut down our facility in Shelbyville, Tennessee. It is logical to think about the total company first quarter earnings in line with the first quarter of '17. As to remainder of the year, similar to our normal pattern, the third quarter of 2018 is planned as our strongest quarter of the year, in part to seasonality and in part to the traction we are making through Agility. As to the segment review of 2018 plan as compared to 2017, U.S. Packaging, we have planned for profit dollars and margin percents to be roughly in line with full year 2017. Latin America Packaging, we have planned for increased profit dollars and margin increases of more than 100 basis points in this segment as the net benefit of Agility fixed cost reduction and variable cost improvements flow through. In the rest of the world, we have planned for increased profit dollars and margins in the high single digits, with the opportunity to cross into double digits, primarily driven by growth in our health care business. In summary, we have made progress throughout the second half of 2017. We continue to take action to align our business to the environment we are operating in to create a lean, nimble business that is well positioned for the long term. As we head into 2018, we are focused on executing our plan to create long-term shareholder value. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Austen: Thanks, Mike. During the last couple of years, we've made progress in positioning Bemis for continued success. We've established new leadership in our Latin American, health care and U.S. businesses who are driving the change in the people and processes to improve profitability. We've taken out $140 million of working capital and implemented the right processes to hold it. We've invested in our asset recapitalization program that allows us to pursue markets that are growing. We've established a framework to return free cash flow to shareholders, resulting in over $700 million of value returned through dividends and share repurchase. We've added Emplal, SteriPack and Evadix to our global portfolio, each positioning us well for the long term in their respective markets. And through Agility, we are creating a cost-effective and more disciplined structure that is positioned to capture growth. Looking at 2018. We will deliver the financial improvement plan we've laid out, but equally as important, we are also setting the stage for a profitable growing company in the years to come. Agility, fix, strengthen and grow is what drives that. High-level fix involves near-term profitability improvement, and strengthen and grow create the foundation for continued success. At its core, Agility is about working differently to quickly and confidently respond to changes in the market and make the internal changes needed to drive growth for Bemis. There are a variety of work streams underway that lay the foundation for growth and long-term value creation. First, I'll start by discussing the framework we have established. We have identified 10 areas of focus. The range -- these range in topic from best-in-class quality and service that exceeds our customers' expectations to managing our product portfolio and organizational structure, to targeting growth through short-run business. Each of these key areas has a fully vetted work stream that defines the deliverable and lays out the road map for success. Each work stream is owned by a specific leader within our business who has a full support team assigned to the area of focus. As to accountability framework, our project management office reports to me and is responsible for ensuring each milestone is delivered on time and on budget. We have made real progress within many of these work streams. With regard to fix, we are executing our cost reduction plans, and we will see a $35 million benefit in 2018 from optimizing manufacturing capacity and from reducing our SG&A cost structure through actions such as consolidating office space, reducing 262 administrative positions and eliminating our aviation cost center. With regard to supporting the strengthen aspect of Agility, we have bolstered our North American operations by bringing in new talent in the last six months for over a dozen critical roles in operations, supply chain, capacity planning and quality. With regard to grow, we are laying a foundation in our U.S. business to deliberately pursue pockets of growth through the creation of what we call "agile lane", which aligns our people, processes and assets to excel in short-run business that exists at large customers, small customers and medium-sized customers. We have established customer service representatives to support this business. We are actively in the market with a streamlined set of specifications or what we call core specs. We have a quick quoting procedure in place, and we have established certain manufacturing assets as dedicated to servicing short-sized runs. As we become simpler, quicker and easier to work with, we are able to more deeply penetrate pockets of growth such as short run business and nonfood applications that historically our U.S. business model had not focused on. Through Agility, we are taking actions to improve our cost structure and align our business strategically to be successful in a changing environment and for the long term. As we come into 2018, we are focused on delivering the opportunities in front of us. While we do have some headwinds, as Mike mentioned, we have also won some great pieces of business that we -- will help offset. A few examples of the new business we brought in for 2018: $10 million award for individual-size creamer cup, $25 million award for fresh red meat packaging, a $20 million award for consumer and industrial packaging, a $9 million award for laminated cosmetic tubes in Latin America and a $10 million award won with core specs at a large customer. We continue to innovate, and we continue to press on new business. Our business has a solid foundation to build from, a world-class customer base, a dedicated workforce that is committed to improving, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio and a good position in the markets we serve. During 2018, we are taking actions to build on the strong foundation to create value for our shareholders over the long term. We are committed and determined to improve and to regain credibility. We will execute this plan in 2018. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, from Baird, we have Ghansham Panjabi.
Ghansham Panjabi: So, it sounds like, obviously, there's several puts and takes on volumes for U.S. Packaging in '18. Is -- just to clarify, is the business loss in infant care a function of the customer consolidating suppliers or just sort of realigning their own footprint that, that impacted a dedicated plant on your end?
Bill Austen: A combination of both, Ghansham. They're consolidating suppliers due to the fact that they're shrinking the size of their footprint.
Ghansham Panjabi: So, did you -- were you able to rebid for that business that you just lost out on? Or...
Mike Clauer: We couldn't be competitive enough, Ghansham, so...
Ghansham Panjabi: And then just a second question. Bill, you had mentioned the pilot that you have for your short-run businesses. Can you sort of expand on that? Do you envision each of your plants, over time, to build those capabilities? And also, is the short-run process something that you should think about for some of the international businesses that you have as well?
Bill Austen: Yes. Ghansham, we will be looking to -- as we get through this pilot in this one -- in two segments that we're in right now, we'll look to put it into other segments, and that may cascade to other plants. And if you look at some of the international businesses that we have, it is short-run business already. They don't have necessarily the large campaigns that the North American business has had over the years. But to answer the question on the front end, yes, we will look to put pilots and agile lanes across the plants if it's appropriate.
Operator: And moving on, our next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Connor Robbins: This is actually Connor Robbins sitting in for Brian Maguire. I just had two questions, if I could, the first one relating to just kind of pursuing various pockets of growth. I know you guys mentioned this a few times in the press release and on the call. I was wondering if I could get a little more color on where exactly those pockets of growth are, if they're in certain end markets or just nonfood categories.
Bill Austen: Yes, good question. So, if you were to look at large food and beverage customers, large food and beverage customers have short-run business. Our model over the years has always been to go after the long-run business there and not necessarily be focused on the short run. If you do the analytics of large food and bev customers, there's about a $2.2 billion opportunity for short-run types of business at large food and bev customers. If you bring that down to small- to medium-sized customers, the opportunity exists for about $3.2 billion of market, if you will, that exists at the middle to small-sized customers for short run. So, the analytics we've done, we've peeled that back and said, okay, where do we play? We play across those segments with those customers. But to really focus on short runs, we wanted to shrink down the spec portfolio because you can't have a wide cross-section of specs to focus on short runs. That's why we got to the core spec. So, we've dialed our large spec portfolio down. The core specs -- those core specs focus on short-run business that -- which are the pockets of growth. And then one further spot is the nonfood, which we might call commercial and industrial. The market opportunity there would be about a $1.1 billion size, and again, it's using those core set of specifications that we have inside of our larger spec book.
Connor Robbins: And then one more, if I could. Just looking at kind of your CapEx guidance, a little bit lower from the 2017 year. And I was just kind of wondering if I could get a little more color on that as well. I think you guys were trying to do some more asset recapitalization. And given the [coded] depreciation that -- benefit that you should get from the new tax law, I guess, could you help me understand why that might be a little bit lower than 2017's?
Bill Austen: Yes. We've put in some healthy capital investments over the last few years, and we're going to absorb those growth -- those pieces of growth capital that we've put in as we go through '18 and '19. We're going to continue on the recapitalization aspect of our CapEx program, but it's really just dialing back on the growth because we've put in growth assets that we now have to absorb.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
John Dunigan: Hi good morning, this is actually John Dunigan on for Scott. Just to build on that CapEx question. Would you consider the $150 million to $160 million a more normalized rate going forward or just that you're absorbing those -- that CapEx spend from prior years that we could see that increasing going forward?
Bill Austen: I think you can think about the $150 million to $160 million in the near term and then stretching it out a little further, maybe $150 million to $180 million.
John Dunigan: And then I heard that the -- I think it was Mike saying that the volumes in Brazil are expected to be flat in 2018 and up single digits in the restructuring of world. But I missed the -- I guess, either the U.S. expectation on demand in 2018, and I don't think it was mentioned kind of where demand was in January across the segments.
Mike Clauer: I made the comment specifically to the U.S., was that -- because of the loss of the infant care product that was a lot of units of volume but it's very light on revenue, it's not the right barometer of how we look at it. So, what we'd said is, as we proceed through the year, we'll -- and we're required to report volumes, we will discuss that specifically adjusting for infant care. But I would think about revenue kind of flattish in U.S. Packaging.
Operator: Moving on, from Citi, we have Anthony Pettinari.
Bryan Burgmeier: This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. Looking at the old Global Packaging segment, and you have a long-term target, it was 10% EBIT margins. Understanding there's still some work to be done with the two new segments, do you expect them to kind of approach the same level of 10% longer term? Or have expectations been recalibrated a little bit?
Mike Clauer: I think the way I look at it is the 10% is -- getting to the 10% and exceeding it is still the right way to think about it. As I mentioned, rest of world at the midpoint of our guidance is going to be high single digits, with the possibility of popping over 10% this year. And then in Latin America, I made the comment that -- think about at least 100 basis point improvement in that region.
Bryan Burgmeier: And then you talked about some of the new business wins. I was wondering if you can characterize the margin profile. Are those mostly in the big middle that you guys are trying to go after? Are those kind of in line with Bemis' margins currently?
Bill Austen: Yes. Some of those wins are in the big middle, and some of the wins are in -- would be in the top of the triangle in the higher-margin protein. Obviously, the fresh red meat, the creamer cup award is for a proprietary material called Evolution, which has got higher margin profiles. And the cosmetic tubes in Latin America would have a higher margin profile.
Operator: Our next question is from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Maybe I can just get an idea of how you're looking at that agile lane opportunity. How much of your business do you think you can kind of move into that area? And what's the timing on kind of the cadence of how that flows through?
Bill Austen: Right now, we're running a pilot, right? So, we're being very measured on this pilot. We're making sure that we can execute on it and that we can deliver. And we'll run another pilot as we go into the second quarter in another segment. So, we're being very measured and thoughtful on that right now. We have not mapped out the cadence to what that's going to look like.
Arun Viswanathan: And you also mentioned that you are considering M&A or you would only return capital if there are no M&A opportunities. What are you seeing on that side? And again, is there any kind of timing that you'd expect to consummate any transactions?
Mike Clauer: You're aware we don't really comment on anything specific. But we are very active as far as evaluating -- exploring areas for growth, as Bill talked about. These small run -- short-run businesses, if something interesting comes along that's particularly good at that, we would look at an asset like that as a way to accelerate our initiatives.
Operator: Moving on, we have Kyle White with Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: I'm just curious about your thoughts on the pricing environment in the U.S. in the post-tax reform world. And maybe we've already seen a little evidence of this with the infant care customer you called out. But are you seeing it become more competitive, with some companies potentially using savings to kind of invest in price and lower pricing?
Bill Austen: I can't specifically address that relative to the tax environment. But we're in a very competitive environment in packaging, and it's going to continue to stay that way, whether we have tax reform or not.
Kyle White: That's right. I was just curious if you've seen it kind of increase. I also wanted to do a double check. I'm not sure if Mike said this in the prepared remarks, but for U.S. Packaging, did you say that profit dollars are expected to be flat year-over-year in 2018? Just wanted to make sure I didn't hear that wrong. And if that's the case, can we get some of the puts and takes? Because I would imagine that most of the restructuring savings would flow through this segment, but some color on that.
Mike Clauer: My comment was that you should be thinking margin percents would be flat '17 to '18 for U.S. Packaging. And then just kind of further on, I mean, I think your assumption is -- yes, I would think about approximately 70% of the Agility savings are in our U.S. business, which would also -- would include corporate, and the remainder is primarily in Latin America.
Operator: Our next question is from Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez: A quick one on Brazil. Maybe you said it and I missed it. Like what was volume in 4Q? Because volume was down 10% in second quarter, 7% in 3Q. Like what was it in 4Q? And also, can you remind us like how big is Brazil in the Latin American segment?
Mike Clauer: I didn't hear your second question, but let me answer your first question real quick. Unit volumes were flat in Q4 in Latin America, and for the year, they were down 4%. And if you could repeat your second part of that question.
Edlain Rodriguez: Yes. If you could remind us again like how big is Brazil in the Latin American segment now.
Mike Clauer: Well, it's probably, what, well over half, probably 60%.
Operator: And next, from KeyBanc, we have Adam Josephson.
Michael Leblanc: This is actually Michael Leblanc sitting in for Adam. With regard to your cash flow guidance, can you just talk about what you expect in terms of that cash tax benefit in 2018 and, relatedly, what your cash tax rate will be in 2018 versus where you were in '17?
Mike Clauer: Yes, I could talk. If you just kind of think about it, reform in and of itself is about a $30 million savings. However, we have improved profitability in our 2018 guide, so the actual year-over-year cash savings -- dollar savings is about $10 million.
Operator: Next, from SunTrust, we have Jason Freuchtel.
Jason Freuchtel: I believe, in the past, you indicated that through your asset recapitalization efforts, they allowed for quicker changeovers and shorter runs. What percentage of your assets would you characterize currently have those capabilities that could support smaller to midsized customers? And where are the greatest opportunities?
Bill Austen: Yes. Jason, I'm going to make an estimate here for you. It's probably 10% to 20% of our assets would be in the quicker changeover, shorter runs, and the opportunity there is really on the printing side. That's where the opportunity exists to drive that productivity.
Jason Freuchtel: And I guess, just following up on that one. What -- I guess, relatively speaking, what percent of your total assets are currently dedicated to the printing space?
Bill Austen: Jason, I wouldn't even wager a guess on that. Probably somewhere around 40% if you look at what we've got from a filmmaking perspective around the world. I'm trying to give you a global number here, so it's probably somewhere in the 40% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabrial Hajde: This is actually Gabe Hajde sitting in for Chris. Two quick ones, I'm hoping. One is, Mike, can you clarify the volume rebate discussion? It sounded like, if I heard you right, that they did not hit in 2017 but you do anticipate that they hit the volume requirement in '18. And if that, in fact, does happen, that would result in a $20 million headwind. Again, I'm assuming that's a volume rebate.
Mike Clauer: That is correct. And just to kind of think about it, the rebate's over the entire business, not just -- but it's earned as a result of delivering the new business. So, the way we've guided and the way we've developed our plan is that we will get the new business and we will pay the award, which didn't happen in 2017. But going into '18, that's how we've planned. So, you're correct.
Gabrial Hajde: So, if I take the 70% of the $35 million in savings, those are sort of offset, and then the other varying factors for the year would be how volumes perform, manufacturing and stuff like that, inflation. Would those kind of be the different buckets for what profit would do? Okay. And then if you can provide a little bit of clarity, maybe try to size up for us the business, I think you mentioned, in Asia. Was that related to the Foshan acquisition, that customer dual sourcing? And again, how big that might be?
Mike Clauer: It's one large customer that we've had -- we've done 100% of their requirements, and they have made the decision they need a secondary supplier for a small percentage of their business. But I'm not going to really comment on the size at all. The comment is really it kind of probably offset. So, if you think about Asia, the GDP is 6%-ish and we'll probably be flat in the region to give you some color.
Operator: Next, from Vertical Research, we have Chip Dillon.
Salvator Tiano: This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. So, a couple of questions. The first one is in rest of the world, in organic growth. I've seen your slides that volumes were up 8%. Selling price were up. Yet, mix led to a 1.5% decline. So, I was wondering, can you give me some color as to what happened? What were these big downgrades that essentially offset probably what was single-digit selling and volume growth?
Mike Clauer: I think -- the way to think about it is, in Asia, the margin profile is still -- is very different than it would be in Europe or in healthcare because food safety standards are emerging in that region of the world. So, if Asia is growing faster than healthcare and Europe, it would have negative mix on our business.
Salvator Tiano: And the other thing I want to ask is -- Q3, you essentially bought back quite a few shares, and Q4, my understanding is you didn't purchase any back. Just wondering, what was your thought process in making that decision?
Mike Clauer: Our thought process was really we're very cognizant of our investment-grade rating. And -- but we are starting to use cash for some restructuring and just felt that we didn't want to go above the 2.5 to 2.7 times.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anojja Shah with BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah: I wanted to go back to Brazil. We're seeing signs of pickup in other packaging markets in Brazil. Like I think the cardboard box volumes came out today. They were up 4% to 5%. Why do you think your experience there is different and you haven't seen a pickup yet?
Bill Austen: What we're saying is we're seeing stable volumes in Latin America. Our customers are -- we're stable with our customers, and our rigid business is in good shape. Our flexibles business is in good shape. We have a good position in both. We have high shares with those customers. And we are just being steady as she goes with Brazil.
Anojja Shah: And then switching over to share repurchases. Any thoughts on the future cadence of that 20 million authorizations? I think you probably have about 18 million shares left. How should we think about that?
Mike Clauer: Well, how I would think about it like for '18 specifically, our capital allocation policy says we will return free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. If you think about the midpoint of our guide next year, free cash flow after dividends would be about $160 million to $170 million of cash. That would be used to repurchase shares if there was no acquisition imminent. But to reiterate, we are -- our philosophy is not to lever up but accelerate that buyback. We'll return it as the year progresses.
Operator: Moving on, from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, we have George Staphos.
Molly Baum: So, this is Molly Baum sitting in for George. I know you had mentioned a bit about mix, and we noticed that it was down in the U.S. as well. Could you give a little bit more color just on the negative mix in U.S. Packaging and what was going on there?
Mike Clauer: The way we think about it is as we grow what we call the big middle categories, their margin profile, although it be good, is not the same margin profile as our protein packaging. So, it's -- the inverse side of it is still EBITDA dollar growth, which is what's important to us.
Operator: Next, from Barclays, we'll move back to the line of Scott Gaffner.
John Dunigan: It's still John Dunigan. I just -- I had two questions. One, in the guidance, there was the $50 million of cash restructuring. But is this the remainder of the $75 million to $85 million? Or should we expect more of the cash restructuring cost in 2019?
Mike Clauer: It's a pretty good chunk of it, but there will still be some additional in '19.
John Dunigan: And then thinking about some of the headwinds in 2018, a lot of packaging companies have talked about freight inflation being a particular concern. Could you give the breakout between truck and rail transportation costs, if you expect to see kind of a large headwind going into 2018 with those and if any of those get contractually passed through?
Mike Clauer: First of all, I think in -- I'll talk in the U.S. Very little of our shipments to our customers is done by rail. It's primarily by truck, and that has been -- the increase in rates has been contemplated in our guidance. And as you're fully aware, most of our raw materials come in on rail. So, we've contemplated that in our guidance.
Operator: Next, we'll move to a follow-up from Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez: A quick one on raw materials. I mean, I think, last quarter, you've mentioned like the challenges you had in Brazil in passing through higher costs. Like are you seeing the same issue? Like has that abated somewhat, given that volume is picking up somewhat?
Bill Austen: Yes. We haven't seen a recent issue with raw materials in Brazil. It was the hurricane-related issue back in late third or early Q4 where raw materials spiked in Brazil.
Edlain Rodriguez: And similarly, in Europe, I mean, I think you kind of mentioned that there was some rise in prices there, in rest of the world. But are you able to automatically pass all those costs? Or is there something else going on there?
Mike Clauer: The European market's very -- is not the same as the U.S. market. So over there, you really have very few passthrough mechanisms, by definition. And in our particular case, in 2017, it was a pretty big run up in nylon, which is something we use in our film, and it's just something -- it was hard to recover it. We've recovered some of it as the year progressed, but we're not able to get all of it recovered.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Freuchtel with SunTrust.
Jason Freuchtel: First, it looked like your R&D expense declined slightly in the fourth quarter. Do you plan on dialing back on your R&D efforts as you work through your restructuring efforts? Or could you actually increase your R&D efforts to support and win additional higher-margin business?
Bill Austen: Yes. Jason, what we've done with R&D is we've done some rebalancing with -- of our R&D resources and applied some of those R&D engineers into the operation to help drive some of the Agility charters that relate to productivity and cost out. And we continue to have a very robust product pipeline of new products and new applications for customers that are being rolled out.
Jason Freuchtel: And then secondarily, what drove the higher other income in 4Q '17? And do you expect that to persist into 2018?
Erin Winters: Jason, that was primarily by a sale of a piece of property. So, in 2018, you can think about that line in total being roughly the average of the last couple of years.
Operator: Moving on, from Vertical Research, we'll hear from the line of Chip Dillon again.
Salvator Tiano: So just wanted to ask a little bit of a bigger picture. Excluding the tax rate, the EPS guidance implies some growth, in the low $2.50s from almost $2.40 right now. But essentially, everything is from the restructuring savings. So how are you thinking longer term, in 2019 or even 2020, about operating profitability increasing through growth again? Because, 2018, there is growth even net of tax but it is solely due to restructuring savings.
Bill Austen: Yes. Right now, we are focused on the 10 work streams in Agility, of which there are growth charters. That is what we call them. Work stream is -- would be a charter and they are -- that are focused on growth, as I mentioned earlier, in the short-run business, that large food and bev, medium and small food and bev, and commercial and industrial. And they gain traction as we go through '18, and we start to see more of that growth as we get into '19 and beyond.
Salvator Tiano: And just a minor item here on foreign earnings. Is there any guidance you can provide if you will pay any cash tax for the repatriation? And what would be the schedule over the next few years?
Mike Clauer: It's about $10 million over the next few years.
Salvator Tiano: $10 million per year or $10 million in total?
Mike Clauer: Total, total. And that's been contemplated in the tax rate.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we have no further questions from the audience. I would like to turn the floor back to Erin Winters for just any additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's program. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters – Director, Investor Relations William Austen – President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Clauer – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Krempa – Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs Scott Gaffner – Barclays Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Brian Maguire – Citi Ghansham Panjabi – Robert. W. Baird  Edlain Rodriguez – UBS Arun Vishwanathan – RBC Capital Markets Kyle White – Duetsche Bank Adam Josephson – Keybanc Capital Markets Laura Talbot – Credit Suisse George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Freuchtel – SunTrust Salvator Tiano – Vertical Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2017 conference call. Today is October 26, 2017. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional question. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K, to review these factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning everyone. Our earnings this quarter improved sequentially primarily on account improving operational performance in our U.S. business and variable cost reductions in Brazil. Mike will review the financials in more detail, but I will start by discussing the progress we are making to align our business and cost structure for long-term success, during September we announced the final details of our $65 million restructuring and cost savings plan. We are executing this plan to align our fixed manufacturing and administrative cost structures to the current environment and to position our business well for the long-term. Our comprehensive and through review of the business led to a decision to close four plants, reduce 500 administrative positions, consolidate office spaces and reduce a variety of other operational and administrative expenses. We have established and staffed an enterprise project management office, which reports to me to enhance accountability and ensure results are delivered on time, our restructuring and cost savings plan is front and center and we're focused on delivering its benefit, in addition to the actions we're taking to align our cost structure, we're also deeply involved in works to position our resources for the long-term strength and growth, internally we call this all-encompassing work, agility, I will turn it over to Mike to cover financials now and I will come back to share my perspective on how agility is moving Bemis forward.
Michael Clauer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Today I will start by discussing the financial details of the quarter followed by a review of our cost savings plan and then I will close with outlook. U.S. Packaging segment, compared to the prior year, third quarter revenue was up 2.2% driven by unit volume increases of 2%, primarily as a big middle category. The U.S. Packaging operating profit of $99.6 million this quarter was down from $108 million last year, due in part to the impact of previously negotiated contractual selling price reductions and partially offset by manufacturing efficiencies and the benefits of increased unit volumes. Our U.S. operations remained well during the third quarter with low waste and high throughput which was particularly beneficial given the nice volume growth that we pushed through our plants this quarter. As compared to the second quarter increased profits in the third quarter were due to strong operational, manufacturing efficiencies during the current quarter, stabilization at one of our facilities in Wisconsin and where we had ERP go live struggles during the second quarter and lower business incentives related to the customers unable to meet their commitments to new business volume. Turning to Global Packaging, compared to the prior year, third quarter sales were down 2.3%, currency impact was nominal until volumes were flat and mix continue to trend down to less expensive packaging alternatives in Latin America, regarding unit volumes, our business in Latin America saw a 7% decline in line with our expectations given the economic environment partially offset by net growth in Asia, Europe in healthcare. Global packaging operating profit of 24.6 million this quarter compared to last year's $36.2 million. Lower profit was driven by the continued challenging economic environment in Brazil that is putting pressure on unit volumes and mix of products sold. As compared to the second quarter, profits improved in global packaging as expected due primarily to the variable cost reduction and active in Brazil in response to economic environment. Now on to the consolidated Bemis results, operating cash flow was slightly less than my expectations during the third quarter at $99 million. As anticipated restructuring of small use of cash during the quarter about $3 million for the 2017 plan and another $3 million for the 2016 plan as we close out the final plants in Latin-America that we were initially over last year. Primarily working capital as a percentage of sales is 15.2% at September 30, slightly improved from 15.5% one year ago. During the third quarter we repurchased $1.2 million shares for a total of $54.9 million. We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning free cash flow to our shareholders. Briefly turning to our restructuring and cost savings plan, during September we announced final details of our 2017 plan and increased our targeted free tax savings to $65 million when fully implemented. We are a variety of projects underway; we are closing both plans for savings of approximately $17 million. We would perform at these facilities will be transferred to other Bemis locations. We are consolidating certain administrative offices in the U.S. and Latin America for savings of approximately $5 million. We are reducing a total of 500 administrative positions for savings of approximately $35 million. From a geographic perspective approximately three quarters to these positions are in the U.S. and remaining are primarily in Latin America. And finally, we are reducing other fixed operational administrative cost for savings of approximately $8 million. Examples include optimizing cost related to travel and external warehouses. Related to the 2017 plan, total pretax cost will be between 100 and 125 million of which $70 million to $80 million is cash. As to the cash approximately $10 million will impact 2017 about $40 million will impact 18 and reminder will fall into 2019. Turning to guidance, we are reducing the top end of our adjusted EPS range $2.35 to $2.40 from a previous $2.35 to $2.50 primarily an account of lower unit volumes in the U.S. and also on account of hurricane within its impact. As to the U.S. volumes during the fourth quarter, which make up about two-thirds of our guidance change. We have aligned ourselves to our cash flows expectations and their ability to scale up new business. As for the hurricane which makes up about one third of our guidance change. The primary impact of our U.S. of us related to global increases in raw material prices to be clear as we expect to establish past two mechanisms in the U.S. to work as normal and third quarter limit to volatility and earnings. However, in Latin America, specifically we will experience a raw material headwind during the fourth quarter due to the current economic environment, which has made past improve the increased input cost more challenging. And to a lesser degree on the hurricane impact, we anticipate fourth quarter earnings will be hurt by small amount from long production levels at our healthcare packaging facility in Puerto Rico due to the aftermath of the storms. While we are able to run production from generators that are planned. Our business downtown facility is in line with our customers from the region. So anticipate that the fourth quarter production levels at our Puerto Rico facility will be low. While our customer start through our own local needs. Our outlook does include the initial benefits associated with the restructuring and cost savings as well as minor benefits from the acquisition of Vadex that we plan to completed during the first quarter  Turning to cash flow guidance, we are maintaining our guidance range of $400 million to $425 million and still anticipate working capital show improvement for the full year 2017. This outlook concludes approximately $30 million of cash expenditures relating to the restructuring plants, $20 million of this was for the 2016 plan to close four plants in Latin America and the remaining $10 million for initial steps taken in 2017 plan. Turning to CapEx guidance, we anticipate 2017 spend of $185 million to $200 million. We continue to evaluate further spending levels as part of our comprehensive business review. In summary, we made progress during the third quarter, we continue to take actions through restructuring and cost savings plan to align our business to the environment we are operating in to create a lean, nimble business that is well positioned for long-term. We will continue to use this platform to drive real change in the way our company acts and operates. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill.
William Austen: Thanks Mike. Agility, it involves moving quickly and easily. I would view it as a mindset. During the last couple of months, we've spent time analyzing and urgently pursuing all options for improvement. For the properly considered many perspectives, our financial results well profitable and strong cash flow, they are not satisfactory nor do they meet our expectations. Our customers, they have told us that we are an innovation leader and problem solver. We provide them with value-added products to help them succeed and they support the steps that we are taking to enhance our quality and service and provide them more fit-for-purpose solutions. Our employees and leaders, they recently completed an employee engagement survey. The result, they want to win, they want to be more competitive, they want to serve our customers better and most significant in my mind employees overwhelming indicated that they are willing to give extra effort to help our company succeed. I applaud our employees for being engaged and taking actions. We recognize that our business model requires enhancement and change. We have stated that prolong approach to agility thus strengthen and grow. High level, fix involves near term profitability improvements and strengthening growth creates the foundation for continued success of the company specifically with regard to fixing our business, our cost savings plan clearly defines a fast forward in terms of appropriately aligning our cost structure. We are executing on this plan with clear direction and speed. With regard to strengthening our business, our approach involves simplifying and better managing our product portfolio and organizational structure rebalancing our R&D efforts to focus on manufacturing improvements such as waste reduction and leveraging the investments we've made in new converting equipment. With regard to growing our business, we are developing plans to more deliberately pursue the pockets of growth in our market such as small to midsize customers and consumer and industrial applications to be clear, we highly value our existing base of large CPG customers, which creates the backbone for our business. These customers provide us large volumes and will always be part of our mix. However, as consumer preferences are shifted, the work we are doing to deliberately align portions of our production asset base and our people around small to midsize customers and non-food applications will allow us to more deeply penetrate some pockets of growth that historically our business model has not focused on. I don't anticipate growth from this overnight, but the plan we are developing positioned Bemis very well for the long-term. As I reflect over the last couple of years, we've driven change and made progress. We take out more than $125 million or working capital and implemented the right processes to hold it. We've established the framework to return free cash flow to shareholders resulting in over $700 million of value return through dividends and share repurchase. We completed and implanted two strategic acquisitions [indiscernible] and we welcome new leaders to our Latin American healthcare and U.S. businesses we've driven change and we will continue to drive change in the future. We are taking actions to improve our cost structure and align our business strategically to be successful in a changing environment. The entire management team and I are confident that our efforts and actions will provide improvement. We have great people, great customers and great products from which they build future success. We determine in a sense and committed to transforming our business and positioning Bemis to provide a sound investment for our shareholders over the long-term. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hi, Good morning, guys.
William Austen: Hi, Brian.
Brian Maguire: A couple of questions on favorite topic Latin America, we were a little surprised on the comments about not being able to pass through some of the resin movements. And as I thought most of that was kind of contractually driven. Just wondering if that's not the case, and maybe it's more market-driven and less contractual than I thought, or is it a case where you're actually just having trouble enforcing the contracts due to the environment down there?
William Austen: Yes, Brian, a good question. Just to give you an overview of LATAM. Volume down 10%, Q2 down 7%, Q3 which was in line with what we had expected and anticipated and we had planned for, hurricane impact, very significant in early October, particularly in resin -- one material that we use for our rigid business where we have a very high share content of customers' portfolio. It's a very strange, if you will, resin environment there on this particular resin in that there is primarily one supplier only. They push through a very large increase. And while we do have contractual pass-throughs, it's the amount of increase in an environment, yes, where there is inflation, but the inflation rate has come down significantly. And the market demand, the consumer pull for products, as you can see, is down, but still better than it was in Q2. So there's just a huge pushback from the customer base in taking this large increase in raw material. We and the team down there are every day in front of the customers pushing forward on this price increase, and these price increases. But it's particularly regarding one resin that used in our rigid business. But the environment has not changed. Inflation is -- yes, it has come down some, so it makes it that much more difficult to push that through.
Brian Maguire: And so it sounds like this might be a little different than the normal sort of just lagged impact that you have which would maybe a one-quarter impact that's going to extend into 2018 if this particular resin price stays at these levels, and you continue to get customer pushback? Or are you maybe expecting the resin -- this particular resin price to fall in end of this year or early '18?
Michael Clauer: Hi, Brian, this is Mike. Well about half of our contracts in Latin America are on contractual pass-throughs, the other aren't. What we're attempting to do is not only pass through early on contracts as an exception, and once it recovers we would give them back that price. And then on the rest of the business we are going after price increases. It's just, as Bill mentioned, it's just a little bit more challenging. But I think it's important to remember that we are also trying to get price increases outside of the normal pass-through.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning Bill, good morning Mike.
William Austen: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner: I just wanted to -- Mike, you said something in your prepared remarks, and I just want to make sure I heard it correctly. And I thought it had something to do with U.S. volumes and the contribution margin from the volume -- or the volume leverage in the quarter. Obviously the margins are still down. And a lot of that is because of pricing, I think, from the actions you took at the beginning of the year. So if I look at EBITDA margins in U.S. Packaging it looks like they were down about 60 BIPS year-over-year. What's the year-over-year impact of pricing, and did I hear that right on the volume leverage?
Michael Clauer: The volume leverage was a comment, Scott, more having to do with manufacturing. That as they start operating better and they get the volume in, we just see enhanced profits in the business. But your comment is absolutely correct that we still have some pressures year-over-year from the contractual reduction in selling price.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. When you lower those prices you did your pricing analysis. I think part of it was to generate some new business as well. And Bill, you mentioned some of that having come through. Is that -- are those two related or are they just similar comments that you mentioned today?
William Austen: Yes, Scott. As Mike mentioned in his remarks, we had 2% volume growth in Q3. Some of that was from the contractual commitments that we received from customers. And if you look at what -- the drop in volume in Q4, it's because some of those customers that contractually committed to volume increases are not able to get that business to us in Q4, so our volume is down in Q4 for that reason. As well as the seasonality of a normal Q4 is always lower, where volumes are softer and weaker. And it also has to do with -- we're talking and aligning with our customers around what their Q4 volumes are going to look like. And that's all a function of where the holidays fall, what plants they're going to shut down, what plants they're going to run. So we don't get some of that contractual commitment in Q4 that we had anticipated. So some of it is just customers realigning their production schedules, others are we have not received some of the contractual commitments of volume that they had committed to.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to back up a little bit to cover the restructuring and the different elements, the plans to help me calibrate some stuff. What's a base we start from? So I appreciate that you're going to have --you talk about $65 million of EBITDA. When I look -- I'm sorry, $65 million of profit improvement. And kind of if I start from -- start from EBITDA or Op income, when I look at 2016, you did about $600 million of EBITDA. If I look at trailing three quarters from when you started the process, 1Q or 2Q of '16 through 1Q it's about $600 million. I'm guessing that's the base. But could you maybe kind of give me a sense, Bill, Mike, where we're starting from.
Michael Clauer: Look, Scott, what we did is we kind of took a hard look at Q1 of '17 and annualized it, which we're probably in the zip code of what you just commented on.
Chris Manuel: Okay, so 130 -- it's Chris, by the way. That kind of puts me about $550 million as the base if I annualize 1Q -- I mean, I'm just -- I'm not trying to be difficult, but it's an important element to understand success that we have a sense of where we start finish from.
Michael Clauer: It'd put you at 550…
Chris Manuel: Okay, so $550 million is the basis. Okay, thank you. Second question is, it looks like -- and you talked about some of the softness and things in Brazil some of the regions down there, but you commented other regions were up, Europe, Asia, I'm guessing Mexico as well, and even did an acquisition over in Europe. Can you maybe give us a sense of what you are seeing in other regions, is the issues that you're having don't seem to be related within those regions, and performance there seems to be good. Maybe can you give us as sense as to how customer adoption volumes and things are tracking in some of the other regions, even anecdotally?
William Austen: Sure, Chris. This is Bill. But let's start with the healthcare business. Healthcare is performing well. The issue that we're having in healthcare right now is the Puerto Rico environment. And if you're not familiar with our business in Puerto Rico it's a three-building site that one of the third buildings, which is a thermoforming facility, was completely destroyed. The other two buildings are fine. The employees came back to work. Fortunately all of our employees are in good shape. They immediately started showing up. We can run those other two buildings on generator, which we are doing. We are providing November, December volumes to customers in Puerto Rico that are giving us demand triggers. So healthcare continues to perform well, they've performed well through this downturn. And we have moved the thermoforming equipments already out of Puerto Rico back to the United States, but can fulfill orders to customers with that equipment from the U.S., so doing well in the healthcare business. Bemis Europe; though economic environment, okay, there is some growth. But there has been raw material increases particularly in nylon that impacts -- that's the high content in our product base -- in our product mix in Europe. So we're pushing through the nylon increases as fast as we can, and in a stable environment, but it is extremely competitive in Europe. We're seeing nice growth in the U.K., Spain, and Italy. And we've gotten some new wins in high barrier materials as well as high barrier shrink films. If you look at the CapEx that we've put into Europe over the past 12 to 18 months, we've installed a new press, that new press is up and running in one of our facilities in the U.K., very nice improvement coming out of that asset. If you move on to Asia Pacific third quarter revenue was up mid high single-digits, good growth in China, Malaysia and Australia and Z1 launched some new products into the electronics market for new projection films in Asia Pacific. We talked about Latin America and we primarily talked about Brazil, but if we talk about some of the other areas like Argentina and Mexico, Mexico had got probably the most stable environment right now and we are doing well in transforming the business from what would be commodity type products to more higher value products be it one of the seven layer assets we installed in Mexico over the last 12 months. If you go to Argentina, Argentina's economy is now doing better than it has been in the past. Inflation is still high, the CapEx investments that we made a few years ago 12 to 18 months ago in Argentina are now starting to drive productivity and as you look at that economy now becoming open, we made the right moves by putting in newer more productive assets in that region taking out the older assets when it was a close market, we were able to serve customers with very old asset but now that is an open market, competition comes in from everywhere and we product kind of got ahead of that with the asset recapitalization program we put into Argentina. We talked about Brazil already, from a - if you just think back on where Brazil was let's say two years ago through plant consolidation efforts that we put into Brazil, we used to have four rigid facilities in Brazil, we now have three and we can crack that volume through those three facilities, so as the economy starts to turn and we see volume increases, we will be very well positioned to generate improving profitability in that region with a rigid business. If you look at one of our film businesses down there primarily shrink films, we used to have two facilities manufacturing shrink film, we now have one. The second facility will be completely closed out by the end of December of this year, so as the economy begins to turn we will be very well positioned from a productivity perspective to increase our margins in that region because we taken that fixed cost out. So that's kind of a walk around the world Chris. That's where we are, things a moving ahead but the company is totally focused on this agility project and how we are taking cost out in the near term and how we are positioning ourselves for the long-term.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Bill. Good morning Mike.
William Austen: Good morning Mark.
Michael Clauer: Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Well, I just want to come back to this fourth quarter volume weakness in North America. As I listen to you guys over the last year or so, it sounded like you made that tradeoff late last year early this year, where you gave up some price to pickup incremental volume for some of those customers. We don't like we were seeing some of that in the third quarter. Now you are seeing we are going to be flat to negative in the fourth quarter. You view this as like a one quarter event, is there still these volume commitments rolling in and it's just the matter of timing or if some of this business just not going to materialize?
William Austen: Mark, these contracts are in place. Okay, we anticipate receiving this volume but some customers have not been able to let's say transition out or whatever reason that might exist from some of their existing supplier. We are receiving some of the volumes. We are not transitioning all of it yet across all the customer base but we -- these contracts are in place and it's going to roll forward.
Mark Wilde: Can you help us just think about sort of what we should expect Bill as we move through next year in terms of cadencing on this because I think a lot of us had assumed that we start to see some momentum here in the second half of the year and is that momentum would actually pickup as we move through next year?
William Austen: Mark, we will be talking about that on January call as we give '18 guidance.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Brian Maguire: Hi, this is actually Brian Maguire speaking in for Anthony. I was thinking over the last five years Bemis anticipated slowly the progress on the corporate expense line and that Bemis explore up once again today. I was just wondering, if you have any thoughts on that trajectory to begin the model 2018, a little more detail and as you are restructuring a program certificate?
Michael Clauer: This is Michael. Agility and the class take also not only going to affect U.S. in global, but they will have impact on the corporate and allocated line that you are making reference to. So I would expect to hold the ramp and to see continued decline.
Brian Maguire: Thanks. That is helpful. And then, in terms of 4Q with U.S. packaging margins, margins hold up pretty well in the quarter and then 4Q you are going to have lower volumes but you are going to have restructuring savings, do you have any primary thoughts on how margins could shape up the fourth quarter with a segment.
Michael Clauer: As Bill mentioned earlier, Q4 is one of our - it's probably our lowest volume quarter. So kind of year-over-year perspective margins we will just naturally decline. I think some of the improvements we saw in the quarter related to manufacturing efficiencies will hold however, you have to think through sequentially the volume down. We will take out cooling labor as we normally do to respond to that but we still have a big fix class that just gets under observed during that quarter in tradition.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, guys good morning.
William Austen: Good morning Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: Good morning Bill. So first off Bill on your comments you also target smaller full customer and also some of the non-food categories. How are you specifically changing your manufacturing footprints to be able to adopt towards this in light of the bank closures that you are observing at current?
William Austen: Yes, Ghansham. We talked over the last couple of years about the investments that we put into this north American and know the businesses as well, most recently Europe to recapitalize some of the older presses, laminators with us that we have in the business that don't necessarily, did not have the ability for quick change, shorter run, higher speed, lower waste tied to that as though that what we've been putting into the business over the last few years with our asset recapitalization program, it now making the deliberate move, the deliberate shift in the way and what business we schedule and plan on most pieces of equipment. So as we move to the smaller and shorter, smaller to midsize customers, their volumes are not necessarily as large and as long of a run or a campaign or a press or on a laminator. So we need to deliberately move the shorter run business from these smaller to midsize customers on for that equipment. We have $0.5 billion of this business today already. Okay, we have $500 million of what we would call shorter run quicker change type of business from smaller customers. So it's not that we don't do this already, the key here is it's a deliberate shift in not just how you run the asset but in how you staff it, plan it and crew it and get the mindset of the both to actually run that business. Just think about getting in and getting it off quickly.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. Then as a follow-up if you kind of step back and think about the supply chain and customer consolidation that we have seen over the years in food and consumer products. How do you sort of feel about your scale at current relative to that dynamic, do you see the need for further consolidation and flexible patching and also how do you think about your capabilities at currently to be able to drive some of that consolidation? Thanks so much.
Michael Clauer: Ghansham, this is Mike. We are evaluating as we do this shift because Bill mentioned, it's not a shift in how we operate the shift and how we go to market and as Bill mentioned we got $0.5 billion of business already. We are going to be a lot more deliberate and changing to go-to-market side and this switch is a simplified product offering a sales force that approach its customers a lot differently and I would say that we would not - I would not ignore the fact that we might need to acquire some of these capabilities in the U.S.
Operator: We will take our next question from Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning guys. Just one follow-up on that trying to penetrate the smaller customers, is the sales force I mean does it need to be incentivized differently from what's going on right now and also like how long do you think this process will take? Are we talking about that one year, two years or longer than that?
William Austen: Yes, good question. We have thought about this and we have brought on some of these different type of sales people and yes the incentive plans are different and they are differently than someone who might be on national account. So yes, that is true. And as we looked at it you know it's a 12 to 18 month process to bring people in and start to see progress. We've already brought people in we've already seen progress in these amongst these accounts, these small to mid-size accounts which we would call our regional type accounts. And you may not sell directly through the account but you sell it through a third party which is a co-packer channel and we have quite a bit of good business coming through the co-packer channel already and quite a few SKUs within this co-packer channel which will be private label and that's where a lot of the small to mid-size accounts reside. So it is a different philosophy it is a different approach and we are already in motion on it.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We take our next question from Arun Vishwanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Vishwanathan: The question on US packaging to start off, you know the improvement that you saw sequentially was that -- would you say that any of that is related to any stabilization and center of the aisle or do you think -- deteriorating?
William Austen: I don't have any data to support whether it's being on the aisle but it is -- we saw volume increases in what we recall the big middle part of the portfolio which some of it would be the [technical difficulty].
Arun Vishwanathan: I'm sorry. So then on the margin side there was a nice recovery in US packaging as well. I think earlier you had said that it would take a little bit longer to get back to that 15% level. So to understand what you guys think if margins are stabilized back here in the normal levels and is that kind of what you're expecting for next year and then similarly on global you're below your targets there so how does that play out in the future? Thanks.
William Austen: As I said a little earlier just as it relates to Q4 sequentially with the volume way down margins will decline from Q3 sequentially but should continue to show some improvements over the prior years adjusted for some of them we talked about with the pricing decisions that were made last year. I think the 65 million cost take out is going to show a continued improvements in our margin profiles in both US packaging and global as we go into next year.
Operator: Let's take our next question from Debbie Jones with Duetsche Bank.
Kyle White: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. This is actually Kyle White going in for Debbie. I wanted to go back to Latin America sounded like bonds got a little better considering last quarter has a large drop off at the end, just want to know if that's true is it and are you seeing any type of increase in optimism in terms of economic environment there as we're heading into 2018.
William Austen: Yes, good call out. Q2 volumes there were down 10, Q3 was down 7 but that was in line with what we had expected. So yes, we did see a little bit of an improvement there. Is there optimism in Brazil is your question; there is some optimism around the fact that business leaders down there are believing that the politics and the economy are becoming bifurcated where they used to be tied they now feel that they see a separation of the two, which is good. They don't see a large pick up as they go into 2018, they see stability and they see probably more so in 2019, things improving as the election of the new president takes place in October of 2018. But they do see that there is some stabilization there isn't a lot of growth. But there is a breath of stability. But I wouldn't necessarily say people are jumping up and down with optimism.
Kyle White: Thank you for that and then next question is just on -- understanding that you guys probably don't comment on the market speculation, but I'm just curious your thoughts on the concept of potentially merging with another large packaging company in terms of the strategic opportunity for Bemis or do you think that's more of a distraction from your cost reduction efforts and the EBITDA statement you can generate from that?
William Austen: Yes, we wouldn't speculate on whatever rumors might be out there as no one else would either, but as we said and I said in my prepared remarks, agility is front and center for Bemis Company. We are focused down through the organization on executing this cost out plans and driving profitable growth and profitability improvements through this effort.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with Keybanc.
Adam Josephson: Mike, good morning.
Michael Clauer: Hey, Adam.
Adam Josephson: Mike, just one for you and then one for Bill might be you bought stock and [indiscernible] you're not in 2Q the average share price wasn't much different in 3Q versus 2Q so just wanted to know about why the time of these buy backs?
Michael Clauer: Well to be honest with you part of the Q2 was the fact that we were working through the restructuring program and I was trying to get my arms around what my potential cash needs were going to be. Once we kind of finalized that it put me in a position to put another repurchase plan in place.
Adam Josephson: Okay and Bill, just one of the savings programs I know if you go back to last year obviously you've announced restructuring program in Latin America you were going to get annualized savings of $16 million from that I think by 2018 and just give me the down turn in Brazil it's been hard to see those savings this year. And then similarly if you go back to the beginning of 2012 the company announced a major restructuring program it was hard to see the savings from that because of volume, pressure, price pressure, rise in inflation etcetera so -- how would you have us assess the success of lack thereof of this latest program given that with the previous two programs we have not seen any EBITDA improvement from those savings efforts?
William Austen: Right, let's look at Latin America. Latin America we received we did what we were going to do on the synergies we did what we said we were going to do with plans closures on time actually pulled some over my head as that economy turns and consumption moves back into the market place again and market demand is there we will get increased benefits out of Latin America. Let's talk about what we're doing in US pack in the United States and across the entire company with agility, what difference as we've actually put in an organizational structure around an enterprise wide project management offers. We have work streams down through the company across the globe that is tracked weekly. We measure them, we monitor them, we get -- we have project management offices in each of the P&Ls that will respond back. We have leaders in charge, we have teams in place and we measure and monitor it as on a go forward basis that's a much different approach than we have ever had at Bemis Company before. We're trying to put in the rigor and the intensity so that we will get these savings.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laura Talbot with Credit Suisse.
Laura Talbot: I just wanted to come back to the smaller mid size -- to reconcile that what seems to be slightly more complex organization in terms of same force production etcetera with a downsizing a lot and streamlining of capacity. You can put some color on how can you sort of combine the two be it more complex and yet it got to be simpler?
William Austen: Actually, Laura it's a good question. but if you look at the -- we have a very good cross section of a product portfolio that we don't have to apply different steps we don't have to apply technology leaders, we don't have to create something new. We can take a step we have and bring it to a small to mid-size customer to provide them with a packaging solution. So it's less complex from that perspective. We do this today across the US landscape, we have regional accounts we have small accounts we sell to co-packers already. We have product going into Amazon, Whole Foods, Joe's, all the great value target brands all of these -- what we would think of as private labels we sell into that today using the spec portfolios that we have created for the larger CPG customers. So it's not as complex as you might think its selling what you have and using a stiff purpose solution to attack a small to midsize customer and solve their problem with a fit-for-purpose solution.
Laura Talbot: Okay. So if we think about the plug outs, it's going to be somewhat lower margins there -- business if you can confirm that. And then second point, how big of your wallet is today, and what you're thinking about this probably three years out? How big an exposure would you take small to midsize customers?
William Austen: The profile of -- we have half-a-billion dollars roughly in this space today, Laura, in North America. And we margin profile is higher than it would be for some of the larger accounts. So it's good business. Our model in the past has not really focused on it because we wanted these long runners, large volumes to run across the asset base. This is good business. We're going after it. We're going to attack it. So we'll take a good 12 to 18 months to start to gain more traction. But there's a lot of work being done behind it. And it's a function of getting more sales people on the street, and brining the business in.
Operator: We'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Bill, I want to ask a question around the contracts in North America. And look, we all know there's no such thing really as a take-or-pay contract in the packaging business. But on the one hand you have these contractual commitments, that's how you termed it, that supposedly your customers would have abided by. And I'm still not clear what it was that has not allowed them to hold up their end of the bargain. Doesn't sound like it's just their own volume at retail, it sounds like they're not able to extract themselves from their contracts. And if you could provide some color there that'd be great. And then I had a follow-on, and then I've got a couple of other questions, want to cut back in queue as well.
Michael Clauer: George.
George Staphos: Hi, Mike. How are you?
Michael Clauer: Good. When a lot of these contracts were renewed last year part of the pricing would've tied to delivering new good. And the new goods were very specifically designed -- they're not innovation, it's nothing new, it sits with other suppliers. And we had laid out timelines with our customers. Our customers in some cases just underestimated how quickly they could do the ship. They did tie the contracts expiring with other suppliers. So I'm just going to leave you with that -- this is not that they're not trying and they're not reneging on their agreements. It's just that the pace of how quickly it's shipping to us. Another way to think about it is real simple, I have example. This year they're supposed to give us one, next year two, and then the third year three. They just are struggling getting one, but the contract still holds to next year is two.
George Staphos: Okay, fair enough. Now the other question I had, it was my interpretation, maybe incorrectly so, that the new contracts and the pricing resets were all around more high barrier product. If that was true, maybe I'm off in terms of the premise of that part of the question. I'm curious why the volume pickup that you saw in the third quarter was seemingly more in the big middle as opposed to some of the higher end. Has the higher end volume been showing up as you would've expected, maybe aside from these contractual issues? Thank you.
William Austen: George, this is Bill. It's for a cross section of products, some high barrier, some big middle. Some of the high barrier has shifted. Some of the big middle has shifted over to us. It's a mixed bag across the portfolio.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason Freuchtel with SunTrust.
Jason Freuchtel: Hi, good morning.
William Austen: Hi, Jason.
Jason Freuchtel: What is the primary change in the competitive environment the last couple of quarters that have motivated Bemis to really attempt to expand in the smaller niche consumer product companies segment? Has it been driven by a view that the large consumer product companies are languishing and may not recover or is it that you're just now becoming more opportunistic for growth?
William Austen: Jason, this is Bill. It's a combination of both. Some of it larger CPG companies are losing share to some of these smaller to midsize companies. We've done a lot of work on this. And if you look at over the last few years, the share that has shifted from -- I would say, large CPGs to the middle to small price customers, about $21 billion, and that's business that we have fit-for-purpose solutions for; we have to go get it. And it's really nothing around the competitive nature of our business. Our business is competitive. It will always be competitive. But there's pockets of growth that exist for solutions we already have in the portfolio that we need to go and get.
Jason Freuchtel: Okay. And then I guess my second question. Have you experienced any initial reactions from your current customer base in regards to restructuring initiatives? Have they expressed any concerns about the production or delivery of their products as you consolidate your footprint?
William Austen: No, we have not.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Salvator Tiano: Hi, guys. This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. How are you?
William Austen: Good. How are you?
Salvator Tiano: Great. So just clarify a couple of things on the Brazilian and U.S. contracts. So, firstly in the U.S., you're giving these price concessions. And as you said, some of the customers have trouble shifting volumes in Q4. So how should we think about the pricing, first of all, specifically, both in Q4 for them, and going forward, every time they fail to shift the required volumes, should we see kind of potentially lower volumes and an uptick in price versus our existing assumptions?
William Austen: I think the way to look about it, and this is not a general statement about all new goods. Some of the price downs were tied not to the total portfolio, but however to get a portion of it they had to deliver the new goods.
Salvator Tiano: Yes.
William Austen: So that's how you think about it. But once you remember next -- as we come into '18 those contracts are still in place, and as they deliver the new goods, which I fully expect them to do it, those same incentives will go back into play to benefit the customers, but we do get the new volume.
Salvator Tiano: Okay. So it's based on new volume to be allocated to you. So I'm guessing that if you don't get it eventually you will essentially assign higher prices, right next year?
William Austen: That is correct.
Salvator Tiano: Okay. To clarify also the situation in Brazil with the contractual pass-throughs, you mentioned you have the contracts in place but it's kind of little bit hard to actually enforce the price increases. And one of the main reasons was that inflation in the country is going down. And just help us understand a little bit why -- resin inflation is kind of a very discrete item especially in packaging, and Brazil has a very high labor inflation, for example. So how or why are you getting push-backs by inflation in Brazil generally moving lower when you have a very specific item affecting plastic packaging companies that is increasing your cost? Shouldn't that be essentially -- your prices should go up regardless of what happens to other inflation items in the country?
William Austen: The short of this is that our customer base doesn't see that they can push it on to the consumer any longer because inflation is coming down. When inflation was at higher levels it was easier for our customer base to push inflation plus through to the marketplace. We have about 50% of the business under contract in Brazil, and we are pushing these price increases to contracted customers as well as non-contracted customers across the customer base. So it's just getting harder and harder. There's a point of fatigue within the customer base. So, inflation fatigue, if you will and pushing price increases upon them. So it's just getting harder and harder.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital.
Mark Wilde: Yes. Bill, I'd like to just kind of come back on sort of potential avenues for growth here in North America. One would be kind of the topic of pouches, how big your pouch business is, and how much growth you see there. And then the other would be just as we're seeing kind of more of the grocery market move to direct-to-the-consumer marketing, what's your suite of products or the play into that?
William Austen: Yes, great question, Mark. We would look at - there is a pouch, the pouches are in different area actually get dry goods and you've got liquid goods. So in liquid, our business is really growing quite nicely and that's all primarily wrapped around pouches that's doing very well and that is not just on social, but that's through the ecommerce channel as well because -- and George don't necessarily make it easy to ship the ecommerce. So the pouch business, the liquid business is doing well. If you look at our portfolio of what start to call it private label kinds of things business that has come up just within the last 12 months or so, we've got a very broad number of SKUs that are going to Amazon, Joe's all the -- as I said earlier Target -- and this we work with Amazon, we've been working with their packaging engineers to help them see ways to do business differently via ecommerce and what the packaging solution needs to be, liquid detergent, dry goods, you are talking about Renola, powdered detergent. There is a shift taking place in Latin America going away from the low molded bottles and cardboard boxes to standup pouches for powered detergent, it does play to one of our strength and that's part of this whole evolution towards middle to small size customers where we can help them get into a pouch or into a flexible I should say quicker because we already have the fit-for-purpose solution. They are the big guys; we can bring it to the small guys.
Mark Wilde: And how big is that business for you right now and how rapidly you see that overall pouch business growing for you?
William Austen: Mark, I don't have the specific around, specifically pouches, I don't have that data for you.
Jerry Krempa: We shall mostly will stock and then…
William Austen: It gets converted to a pouch.
Operator: We will take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Hi, thanks for my follow-up. Well, I want to talk about the new customer opportunity the smaller mid size customers you are saying are $0.5 billion so in size right now and I forget one of the other, I almost asked a similar question. I just want to dig into a little bit more typically if you are offering more of a standardized product portfolio, it sounds like you are offering fewer SKUs, you are selling to co-packers that's typically given our experience tougher not more margin accretive business. So if you could help me understand why you think that's the case especially since you have to optimize some of your production to fit that quicker change over more frequently changed over business and when you answer. When we think about the margin that really it's higher margin, but there will be higher margin when you ultimately do the retooling Bill. And then, I have a follow-up?
William Austen: No, Ghansham, it's still Mark. Sorry, sorry.
George Staphos: No worries.
William Austen: Answered many names, so - it's higher margin today. Okay, its good features that higher margins in our portfolio today. So that's the extrapolation that we take as we go forward.
George Staphos: Okay. And the other question and not to be honest same issue if we think about the pricing reset and the volume that you ultimately will win that has been coming in, in 2017. Have we more or less seen the negative effect of the pricing reset as we sit here today recognizing there will be perhaps some further just from what we would see on this side of the phone, lower margins as that volume comes in or is there a potential for pricing to further just lower even beyond the contractual triggers if you will? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
William Austen: George, we've so first of all I think what happened in 2016 was an unusual year and I think we proactively protected a lot of business but in return we got some new business. We always are going to see pricing pressures in the market and we have historically offset that with productivity initiatives, of course take out initiatives and packaging and et cetera. So I'm hopeful that the big risk that we saw coming into this year, was that normal and what we will see is the improvements going forward.
Operator: There are no further questions. Ms. Winters, I would like to turn the call back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes conference call.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc. William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc. Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kia Pourkiani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Alexander Gerhard Hutter - Jefferies LLC Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kyle White - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Victoria Madsen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason A. Freuchtel - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC Tom Narayan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2017 conference call. Today is July 27, 2017. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional question. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedules. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. Finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K, to review these factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you, Erin, and good morning everyone. Our earnings this quarter were less than expected, fully on account of the sharp contraction in the Brazilian marketplace. I'll discuss this in a bit, but first, I'll step back and provide my perspective on where we are in our long-term journey. A couple of years ago, we set out to change Bemis Company to accelerate it from a company with great technology, customers and position to one that also performs well operationally and financially. We made progress on many financial metrics. Along the way, there have been bumps in the road, some of them self-inflicted and some due to external factors. We have focused on fixing the things within our control and in some cases that meant bringing in new talent to lead within our organization and towards the next level. Externally-driven challenges such as volume levels with our U.S. CPG customers and the recent incremental impact of the economic environment in Latin America take more than 90 days or 180 days to turn around, but we are absolutely committed to work through these challenges and position the company for long-term success. To say that we are disappointed in our financial results this year would be an understatement. But the challenges we are facing and the determination to overcome them have become the catalyst to make tough, smart decisions that will ultimately benefit the business in the long-term. Next I'll describe the situation in Brazil, then my perspective on our U.S. business, followed by Mike who will cover financials, and then I'll wrap up. We have a great business in Latin America, 15 plants across Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. We have a strong position serving local and multinational customers with the flexible and rigid plastic packaging for food, beverage, personal care, oral care, household cleaning and health care needs. Long-term, this region is ripe for our technology as we have the unique ability to leverage our global know-how to increase the sophistication of packaging on store shelves to provide quality, safety, shelf life extension and consumer appeal for a wide range of products, which ultimately helps our customers succeed. Shorter-term, with Brazil in recession the last few years, consumers and therefore our customers have felt some pain. Our business has fared better than others in the region, given that we provide packaging for the things that people need and use every day. Coming into 2017, the environment started to stabilize and economists were predicting GDP growth. We saw and felt that stability from our customers and therefore anticipated volumes in our business to be flat in 2017. First quarter proved just that for us, stability and flat volumes, which was a good sign as compared to the last couple of years, where we saw volumes down low single-digit. During May, the latest political uncertainty started to incrementally affect the country. Unemployment has reached astounding levels, and we have started to see a significant reduction in pull from our customers. During Q2, unit volumes in our Latin America business were down 10%, a level of decline we have never seen. We also continued to see our customers respond to consumer choices for lower mix product. Yogurt is a prime example. As consumers' wallets are stretched even further in this economic environment, they are choosing simpler, cheaper options in the grocery store. While we make both the simple style package for yogurt as well as the high-end pre-made cups, our margin profile of the simple style package is far less. This concept of mixing down is even more prevalent with today's economic pressures in Brazil. As we began sorting through the trajectory of the impact of the Brazilian economy, it has now become clear that the balance of 2017 will also be challenging. We are working as aggressively as possible to take out incremental variable and fixed costs from our business, but it is difficult to meet our original profit plans in this region in the face of the extreme declines and lower mix of products driven by the economic environment. Our customers in the region have made it clear that they are just trying to bridge to better days ahead in 2018. Although the current economy in Brazil is tough, we will continue to be well-positioned when the environment improves. We have the right market position, products, asset and customers in this region. Turning to my perspective on the progress in our U.S. business. While our earnings profile is not currently what we would like it to be, our results this quarter were in line with our expectations coming into the second quarter. During the last quarter, our teams have put much time, energy and effort into analyzing options and formulating plans to take fixed costs out of the business in order to align with the demands of our U.S. CPG customer base. Our teams in the U.S. are working to simplify the business, but there is still much work to be done. Through this effort, we will create an efficient, agile business that is positioned for long-term success. I'll turn things over to Mike now and then I'll come back to wrap up.
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Today, I will start by discussing the financial details of our segments and total company metrics, followed by a review of our recently announced cost savings plan, and finally I will wrap up with the outlook. U.S. Packaging segment, compared to the prior year, second quarter revenue was down 1.4%. Unit volumes were up 1% primarily in the big middle categories. The net sales decline was driven by mix of products sold and contractual selling price reductions previously negotiated with some customers to secure business for the long-term. U.S. Packaging operating profit of $80.1 million this quarter was down from $103.5 million last year due to the mix of products sold, the impact of previously negotiated contractual selling price reductions, and the inefficiencies related to a challenging ERP implementation at one of our plants in Wisconsin. Regarding that facility, it is now stabilized on the new ERP system. During the second quarter, we worked hard to meet customer requests, although as anticipated, we expended $5 million on expedited freight and inefficient run sizes and sequencing to get there. With the go-live issues of the new system now behind us, the plant is doing a good job of working down the backlog of open orders and is also concentrating on more efficiently managing the production schedule and optimizing production runs. While we are not happy with profit levels in the U.S. Packaging, our results this quarter were in line with our lowered expectations discussed during our April earnings call. Turning to Global Packaging, compared to the prior year, second quarter sales were flat. The SteriPack acquisition that was closed April 30 of 2016 drove an increase of 1.6%. The currency impact was nominal. The remaining bridge to total sales was driven by a 3% decrease in unit volumes, partially offset by selling price and mix. Regarding unit volumes, our business in Latin America saw a 10% decline, partially offset by net growth in Asia, Europe and health care. Global Packaging operating profit was $17.7 million this quarter compared to last year's $28.1 million. Currencies decreased operating profits by $600,000. Three quarters of the remaining operating profit this quarter was the result of unit volumes being down in Latin America and the rest related to mix of products sold. Now onto consolidated Bemis results. Total company SG&A expense for the second quarter was $97.6 million, down from $100.4 million last year. The reduction was due primarily to our pay-for-performance practice and continued strong cost controls. Operating cash flow was strong again at $106 million during the quarter as compared to $100.4 million last year. Looking at the first half of this year, cash from ops was up almost $50 million, driven by continued efforts to extend accounts payable terms. Primary working capital as a percentage of sales was 14.3% at June 30, the lowest in years and solid improvement from the 17.4% one year ago. Turning to details on our cost savings plans. During June, we announced a plan targeted at $55 million to $60 million of annual run rate savings when fully implemented. As expected, none of this benefit is in our current quarter results. We anticipate 5% to 10% of savings in the back-half of 2017, 50% to 60% of the savings in 2018, and the remainder in 2019. In our June announcement, we defined approximately $30 million as the total savings from two plant closures and the reduction of 300 administrative positions. We will define the remainder of the savings externally during our October earnings call at which time our comprehensive review will be complete as related to the 2017 cost savings plan. Related to the plant closures, one will begin this year and the other will begin in 2018. Work performed at these two plants will be transferred to other Bemis locations. Clearly, the goal of these closures is to take out fixed cost. We continue to analyze additional opportunities to rationalize our footprint and will complete this work by October earnings. Related to the 300 administrative positions, from a geographic perspective, approximately two-thirds of the positions are in the U.S. and the remaining are primarily in Latin America. Our targeted plan assumes that these reductions will take place over the next few years. Related to the $30 million in savings from the cost savings plan that we have shared thus far, there will be a $35 million of restructuring expense, of which $24 million is cash. About two-thirds of that restructuring expense was recorded in the second quarter. The remainder will be recorded in future quarters. As for the cash, less than $5 million will impact 2017, about $15 million will impact 2018, and the small remainder will flow into 2019. We will consider these amounts in our cash flow guidance and call out the amounts for clarity as we move forward. As I mentioned, we will define the remainder of the savings that build towards the total $55 million to $60 million target externally during our October earnings call. But some simple categories by which to think about the remaining opportunities are, plant footprint. As mentioned in June, we continue to evaluate opportunities to consolidate additional facilities to reduce overall fixed operating expenses and process efficiencies and continued diligence and overhead costs. We are reviewing fixed costs at all levels of the organization. In some cases, such as our global business services or shared services effort, we are pulling forward plants to accelerate to benefits of streamlining back-office activities. In other cases, process and efficiencies simply means changing the way we operate. For example, warehousing and transportation. There are ways to streamline our cost structure yet still provide the right level of timing and services and deliveries. We're assessing all options to align our business to the current environment to improve earnings and to position Bemis for long-term success. Turning to guidance, we are lowering our adjusted EPS range to $2.35 to $2.50 from a previous $2.50 to $2.60 as a result of the recent market contractions in Brazil. But looking at the full year, approximately three quarters of the guidance decrease relates to the impact of unit volume declines in Latin America, and the remainder relates to the impact of mix, as Bill mentioned. We anticipate that our third and fourth quarters will see some of the same volume challenges as the second quarter, but from a profit perspective, we will improve sequentially as our efforts to reduce variable costs in Latin America start to take hold. Also, a reminder that the fourth quarter is the start of Brazilian summer and our busier season in the region. Where we perform within this guidance will depend primarily on consumption in Brazil and our ability to reduce variable costs. Our outlook does include the initial benefits associated with the restructuring and cost savings plans. Turning to cash flow guidance, our new guidance range of $400 million to $425 million reflects our lowered earnings expectations, partly offset by improvements to date in working capital. We still anticipate working capital to show improvements for the full year 2017, and where we perform within the cash flow guidance range will depend on earnings performance the balance of the year. Turning to CapEx guidance, we anticipate 2017 spend of $185 million to $200 million, down from our original plan of $200 million. In our business, asset purchases tend to have a 12-month to 18-month lead time, so much of our spending is in flight for 2017. However, we are critically analyzing all capital spend and are targeting to trim to the extent possible as compared to our prior plans. We also continue to evaluate future spending levels as part of our comprehensive business review. In summary, we are more than disappointed with our current earnings profile and performance. We are taking actions through our restructuring and cost savings plan to align our business to the environment we are operating in to create a lean, nimble business that is positioned for long-term success. We will continue to use this platform to drive real change in the way our company acts and operates. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill for wrap up.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thanks, Mike. We have encountered some significant challenges in our U.S. and Latin American businesses this year, but we are using this as an opportunity to drive change across our organization. As Mike outlined, we are taking actions to improve our cost structure. Beyond these near-term activities, there are two additional areas we are focused on to help drive the long-term success of Bemis Company. One, our culture. We've been working on transitioning ourselves to a results-oriented organization. My view is that we have made progress. However, when it comes to the pace of change proliferating through our organization, I am admittedly impatient because I know we can move faster. It doesn't mean we aren't moving, we just need to step up the pace with increased consistency and accountability. Two, our go-to-market efforts. In the U.S., we will continue to serve and highly value our large CPG customers. Beyond that, we need to pursue the pockets of growth that are available in the U.S. market, whether that be small to midsize customers, non-food categories or trends such as organic or fresh. We have recognized this need in the past. The difference today is that we are analyzing options that would further allow us to deliberately organize our resources to pursue these pockets of growth. We have invested in the right equipment through our asset recapitalization program that provides new quick-change printing presses and splitters to serve small runs well. But we also need the business mindset that recognizes the value of hunting, winning and serving smaller size customers and orders. We are approaching this work in a very thoughtful manner and I anticipate that we will define a path forward as we come into 2018. The entire management team and I are confident that our efforts and actions will address our challenges. We have the determination and the intensity to improve and are committed to transforming our business and positioning Bemis to deliver enhanced value to our shareholders over the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to questions.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Scott Gaffner from Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: My first question is really around the June 30 announcement. When I look back at it, I mean, obviously, you mentioned Brazil as being a little bit of a weaker spot at that point in time. But why not go ahead and preannounce at that point in time, given the weakness that you were saying?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Scott, we had a nice first quarter in Brazil, okay, all of Latin America. We saw a stable environment. We saw volumes stable. We had hit our expectations through Q1. We saw weakness in the very tail end of June, and you have to think through how our customers react in – our customers that react with retail. They have to figure out what the heck is going on. So, we didn't necessarily see these call downs or this future call down going forward into the third and fourth quarter until we were through the month of June. I actually went to Brazil in the last week of June and met with several local and multinational customers to try to understand what they were seeing. And at that time, not that they all use the same words, but they all pointed in the same direction, we have got to bridge to 2018. So, actually had some large customers apologize for the fact that their back-half of the year was going to be weaker than the front-half of the year. So we were not in a position at that time. We saw weakness in some pull from customers, but at that point, we didn't have visibility to what the back-half of the year was going to look like.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just a follow up on CapEx. When I look at the 2017 CapEx figure, it came down slightly. But if I go back to the first – the beginning of the year, I mean, you said $140 million of growth CapEx at the beginning of the year. So, I guess, I would have expected a little bit more of a pullback on CapEx, given the growth isn't coming through as expected in 2017. And then maybe you could take that a little bit forward. What are your thoughts on the go forward CapEx? You mentioned a couple of times in some releases that you were going to evaluate that. What does that mean exactly?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Hey, Scott, first of all the $140 million that we referred to was growth and recap. So, I just want to remind you that there was a lot of recapitalization in there, which we still – it would generally give us the type of returns, if not better than we expect. As far as go forward, we're still working through that. But clearly with our performance, we are going to look for every possible way in the future to lower our spending. But we're not at a point to make – have an opinion yet on what we'd like to tell people.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs.
Kia Pourkiani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. This is actually Kia Pourkiani filling in for Brian. I had a question on the cash from operations guidance. I know you called out the $5 million of restructuring, but am I right in assuming that the rest of that was just driven by the lower earnings outlook?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: That is correct.
Kia Pourkiani - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just on Brazil as a whole, I guess I'm a little bit surprised by the magnitude and the sharpness of the demand drop-off. Could you give us any kind of incremental color on what type of customers or if there were any specific product categories where the demand declines were significant?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. This is Bill. We have very large positions in Brazil across both flexibles and rigid packaging. The large call downs of the consumption drop came across some of the more luxury items, if you will. And when I talk luxury items, I'm talking about ice cream, high-end yogurt, things of those nature. Flexibles business did not see the same type of consumption drop as we saw across some of those other categories, primarily in ice cream and in yogurt.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Anojja Shah from BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning. Staying with this Brazil theme, I know there was recently a restructuring there where you closed four plants. Has this – what happened in the second quarter, has it made you revisit your thoughts there about further restructuring? And then also along those lines, what makes you confident that in 2018 volumes might go back to prior levels?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. The restructuring was all about productivity, taking fixed costs down. And, where we are right now is, we have a very sound and solid footprint of manufacturing across Brazil. We have it where we want it. And the cost reductions now will be more in the variable side of things as we get through this bump in the road that the Brazilian economy, the lack of consumption in some of those higher-end products. Again, as we said in my comment, there's also a mixed variation here so that, as some of the brand – not brands, but categories value down to a lower margin mixed product, we have got to continue to serve those markets. As I said, we have very large positions across the Brazil marketplace. And we don't see further plant consolidations, but we will obviously look for other ways to bring down variable costs and fixed cost in those areas where it's doable.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks. And I just wanted to talk about health care for a second. Maybe that was a bright spot in the quarter. Can you just give a little color on how that performed?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Health care is performing well. The issues that we had in 2016 are completely behind us. Our service levels are at all-time highs. Our quality is extremely – doing extremely well. Our output is actually very well. Health care is back on track and doing well within the business. And we will continue to invest and push that business to increase their profitability, increase their productivity and move that business ahead. And the SteriPack acquisition that we made has completely been integrated, and that is doing very well as well.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi from Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Good morning, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, Bill and Mike and everybody else. Can you first give us specifically the cadence of volumes during the quarter in Brazil for the last three months? And then what about thus far in July? And given your previous restructuring in the region, Bill, I think you announced that plan in 2Q of 2016 where you shut four plants down. Did that have any impact on your sales or was that not the case?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: No. That was not the case, Ghansham, the latter part of that question. The back-half of the year, we see that volumes, as Mike mentioned, will be similar to the front-half of the year for Brazil. We don't see where that – we'll see it ramp through – begin to ramp up at the tail end of Q3 and continue to ramp through Q4 because, as Mike said, that's the start of the Brazilian summer, and we are hearing from customers that they are going to be pushing promotions and doing things to try to drive that volume back up again. But we'll see slight demand as we go through Q3 and then we'll see demand come back up in Q4.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Sorry, Bill, just to clarify. I wanted the monthly cadence for 2Q specifically in Brazil.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Oh. I don't currently have that, but it was pretty much flat through the quarter, and as we got to the tail end of the quarter, we saw huge – we saw orders drop, consumption drop significantly.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Alexander Gerhard Hutter - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys. This is Alex Hutter on for Phil. I guess just dovetailing on Ghansham's question. Do you think you saw an impact of some destocking in Brazil as well with your customers' volumes down 10%? Was there potentially some share loss or is 10% kind of a normalized number?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: I would tell you that there was destocking that took place. If you talk to the customer base, you understand how they push product into the market. There was probably some destocking that is taking place, and it was not an issue of share loss for us within the quarter in Brazil.
Alexander Gerhard Hutter - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you. And then, can you just give a little bit more color on how you plan to source the remaining unidentified portion of the cost savings plan? I know you're going to give more color in October, but is it more towards – geared towards plant savings or more towards SG&A? And then how should we think about the SG&A savings from a segment perspective? Do they fall in the segments or on the corporate line? Thanks.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: First of all, I would think of them more falling into the various segments. And I want to be really clear, when we announced $55 million to $60 million, we already had the projects identified. We only announce the ones we are comfortable, that we have finalized the execution and implementation plan. So we do have those projects identified, and all we're going to be doing over the next few months is finalizing the implementation plans. I don't want you to leave thinking that if something is already done, we're not doing it. We just kind of made a decision to kind of button everything up. And then as we come into the Q3 earnings cycle, we'll be able to finish the restructuring, give you a lot more color on the cost savings and how to think about it.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Edlain Rodriguez from UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Bill, one quick one. So last quarter, the issue was in the U.S. This quarter, it's in Brazil. But how confident are you that there isn't another shoe to drop someplace else unexpectedly?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: It's a very good question. And I can tell you that we have – and I say we, my leadership team, including the Presidents and P&L leaders within this company, have been over this back-half forecast once, twice, three times, four times. And we have a high degree of confidence that those things that are within our control, we have under control. But again, I don't control the Brazilian economy, I don't control consumption anywhere across Latin America. So, those things that are within our control, we're on top of. Those things that are outside our control, we will continue to deal with as quickly as possible.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Another one on share buyback. I guess there was none this quarter. What should we be expecting going forward? And how committed are you to another 4 million shares a year unless there's M&A and so forth?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Nothing has changed with our capital allocation process. The reason there was no repurchases in Q2 was because we were busy evaluating and finalizing some of our restructuring and how much would be used for cash. Our investment grade rating and our leverage target of 2.5 is important to us. That's why it didn't happen in Q2. But to reiterate, if there are no acquisitions imminent and we can stay comfortable within our leverage profile, we would return those shares – that money to shareholders via dividend and repurchases.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks. Good morning. Understanding there's some uncertainty out there, maybe you can just update us on maybe kind of a medium-term look on volume growth expectations in both U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging. Are you still looking at U.S. as kind of flat or should it be higher, given that you've locked in some volume commitments? And then for Global, do you expect to see positive growth over the next, say, 12 months to 24 months? Thanks.
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. Back-half of 2017, we'll see some slight increases in volumes in the U.S. And in the Global business, we'll see a back-half of the year that's similar to the first-half on volumes.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And any thoughts on kind of stabilization beyond that?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: We're focused right now on cost takeouts. We'll be putting a lot of thought and effort into Latin America this quarter as we kind of really understand what the economic outlook is for the region. But, we're not in a point yet to really talk about 2018 and beyond.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kyle White from Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to focus on U.S. Packaging. Volumes up 1%, it's a pretty good positive there. And then also the ERP implementation sounds like it went well. I think you called it out as a $5 million headwind relative to a $5 million to $8 million guidance headwind. So I'm kind of curious why that quarter wasn't better than your expectations?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes. The issue around Q1 was volume in U.S. Packaging up 1%. You expect profit to be better related to mix. We're seeing nice volume gains in the big middle, which is what our strategy has been, to bring in business in the big middle, which is outside of the CPGs, and to go after smaller, shorter runs from customers. And that has to do with their whole recapitalization program that we've put in place. So, we are starting to get wins in that area, and we still have that headwind that we had to overcome in – with the ERP implementation. That is behind us now, as Mike said in his remarks. We – the plant has done a nice job getting the issues behind us. Now they have to deal with working their backlog down as we go through Q3 and Q4.
Kyle White - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for that. And then just to clarify, in the ERP, any other returns or savings you're expecting from that, are they in your sort of cost reduction $55 million to $60 million target, or is it a separate kind of a bucket?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: When – yes, when we are complete with the implementation, which we still have a handful of plants to go that will be completed kind of Q2, Q3 of next year, there would be some cost takeouts associated with that when it's complete. And it would be in our program management office that we're targeting to take out SG&A.
Operator: And we will take our next question from George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Victoria Madsen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hello. This is actually Victoria Madsen filling in for George. Thank you for taking my question. So first of all going back to U.S. Packaging, in regards to the roughly $20 million drop in EBIT, how much of that was due to pricing or the impact of contractual renegotiation?
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: We haven't called that number out, Victoria. But I can tell you from a bucket perspective the way to think on a year-over-year basis, U.S. Packaging for Q2, the decline in profit, you have the SAP expenditures that we noted related to expedited freights and inefficiencies. You also have mix. Those are kind of the two other bigger items that helped make up that decline.
Victoria Madsen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then going back to the restructuring program, why are you only targeting $5 million in cash outlays for the year? And does that suggest anything regarding the process of restructuring and kind of the future cadence of benefits?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I think, at this point, we're just – in the way we look at these projects flowing, we would use about $5 million at this point in time. Clearly, a plant closure is going to be heavier on non-cash type activities other than severances and the workforce. I think it's just really, today, it's the way we – it's flowing. And one comment I will make, to the extent we can accelerate anything, we'll accelerate it. And as I made the comment on cash flow is, as we do that, we'll be as transparent as possible to highlight the changes being made to our outlook on cash flow for that.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jason Freuchtel from SunTrust.
Jason A. Freuchtel - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, good morning. I believe, last year, you indicated your Brazilian operations were a little slow to react to some margin demand shift. Was there a slow reaction to the demand decline in Brazil during second quarter?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: No, not at all.
Jason A. Freuchtel - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. And can you expand on the options you're analyzing to capture a larger share of the small niche consumer products volume growth? When could you see some action on these options? And fundamentally, how is the interaction between those customers different relative to the large consumer product companies?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yeah. Jason, we're doing this work right now and I'm not in a position to announce what it is or give a lot of color around what it is the teams are looking at, but it's about speed, okay? It's about quoting quicker, responding quicker. They are shorter runs so you don't have a long run of a campaign on equipment, so you need assets focused at being able to get orders on and off of the equipment quicker. That has been a lot of what our recapitalization efforts have focused on, but we need to have the organizational alignment and people wrapped around it so that we can attack those markets in the marketplace, bring the business in and get it out the door. That's part of the big middle that we've talked about for the last few years, and we've seen wins in those areas now. So, it's just putting some more organizational horsepower behind it to get it moving, and we'll be in a position to talk about that more in 2018.
Operator: We'll take our next one from Chip Dillon from Vertical.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, a little bit on the cash flow. Yeah, we saw that working capital is actually benefiting you this first half of the year. So firstly, how sustainable is this? How should we see that playing out for the remaining of the year? And also, did you take into account any changes in working capital expectations when you revised the free cash – the operating cash flow guidance for 2017?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I think, yes, to a lot of your questions. We do, when we look at cash flow, we look at the working capital requirements of the business. Number two, we made a lot of progress last year and well, actually, we've made a lot of progress in 2015, 2016 continuing in this year. I think the biggest driver first half of 2017 has been continued DPO, days payable outstanding, increasing those. I think we're probably at a point now where we've achieved our objectives and we're going to hold those going forward. I look at AR and I think we've done a great job with accounts receivable, and don't see as DSO changing at all. And then our big area of continued focus in the future is going to be inventory. We've not made – we candidly have not made a lot of progress globally on inventory, but a lot of that reduction is going to be tied to the completion of implementing our common ERP platform, including supply chain management, et cetera, which we really think, as we get into 2018 and 2019, are some nice additional opportunities.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. It makes sense. Just clarify on the working – on the operating cash flow, did you take into account any changes in working capital on the guidance?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: Yes, absolutely. Our business normally – our softest quarter is generally Q4, so we tend to always see some nice operating cash coming out of working capital because it's just a slowdown – the seasonality and the slowdown of the business, primarily in the U.S.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Tom Narayan from RBC.
Tom Narayan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Sorry. This is actually a follow-up on Victoria's question on U.S. Packaging volumes – sorry, pricing. I was wondering, when you think about the pricing, how much of that targeting of kind of lower price items that previously were ignored, how much of that is pushing the volumes in U.S. Packaging? I know there's SAP cost in there, you guys called – Erin called that out, but just thinking about what's happening industry-wide, what you guys called out last quarter in U.S. Packaging volumes, how much of a benefit are you seeing there from the kind of lower pricing in there from focusing on different types of products?
Michael B. Clauer - Bemis Co., Inc.: I think I will answer it the best way. When we use the term mix, some of our protein packaging has some of the higher margins it's because of the shelf life. As we move into the big middle, those are still attractive margin profiles. However, we historically looked at it as low margin, but when Bill took over as CEO and he really focused the organization on the recap, we started seeing improved margin in those areas. But I'll go back to say that, if you sell one thing of bacon and two things of baby food, that would have a negative mix even though it's positive on EBITDA dollars. Does that help you?
Tom Narayan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, yeah. I guess, you guys called out before the kind of 15% margins long term in the U.S. and higher in global. Do you know when you think you could – that could potentially happen? Is that still the target for you guys?
William F. Austen - Bemis Co., Inc.: Right now, our focus is on getting the cost structure right in U.S. Packaging, so we haven't put pen to paper on that in recent history. In Global, I will tell you that the 10-plus-percent goal absolutely continues to be doable and achievable. So, a bump in the road right now in Brazil is external. It is all about consumption. When consumption comes back, and it will, our business is extremely strong in that region. It will continue to be strong in that region and what we're doing just makes it even stronger, and it helps leverage margins even greater. So, 10-plus-percent in Global is absolutely achievable and doable.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Erin M. Winters - Bemis Co., Inc.: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters – Director, Investor Relations William Austen – President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Clauer – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Krempa – Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Kyle White – Deutsche Bank Anthony Pettinari – Citi Scott Gaffner – Barclays Jason Freuchtel – SunTrust Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W. Baird Adam Josephson – KeyBanc Capital Markets Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Arun Viswanathan – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 conference call. Today is April 27, 2017. After today’s call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike’s comments on our business and outlook, we’ll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional question. At this time, I’ll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you’ll find our press release and supplemental schedules.  On today’s call, we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And, finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis company’s regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K, to review these risk factors. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
William Austen: Thank you, Erin and good morning, everyone. We are disappointed with our results this quarter, which were driven by both external and internal factors impacting our U.S. Packaging business. Specifically, lower than expected unit volumes and core operational execution. We are focused on increasing efficiency and accountability across our organization and are targeting specific areas that we know we can improve. We are confident that our efforts and actions will address our challenges and enable Bemis to deliver enhanced value over the long-term. Let me start by describing what’s happened, and then I’ll move to the more important topic of what we’re doing to course correct. There are two key issues we’re facing in the U.S.; volume call downs from several core customers as a result of softness in their businesses and disappointing operational execution. Some perspective on the volume call downs. Heading into 2017, we added manufacturing costs and resources predicated on forecasts provided to us by our core big CPG customer base. During March, our customers started calling down their volume outlooks for the balance of the year as their business volumes continued to decline. We had ramped up our work force and resources for these customers and it is us who bears the impact of a call down in customer volume. To avoid this repeating in the future, I have decided that our U.S. Packaging team will adjust our footprint and cost structure to align with flat-to-down volume outlook instead of a positive outlook. Next, some perspective on our disappointing operational execution in our U.S. business. Coming into 2017, we planned an aggressive manufacturing cost takeout program. These incremental takeouts focused on elements of cost such as waste reductions, productivity and material usage and substitutions. We have struggled to deliver on these plans. Waste is high in certain areas. We have pockets of unplanned downtime and we didn’t gain traction on the material usage and substitutions to the degree we had planned. The impact of these two issues on the P&L is considerable as reflected in our new adjusted EPS guidance range of $2.50 to $2.60 for the full year. This call down considers lower volume and the associated operational impact as well as a realistic assessment of our U.S. operational and cost takeout abilities in the near term.  Turning next to what we’re doing to course correct our U.S. business. First, new leadership. While we didn’t expect the current quarter miss, we did begin to recognize last year that our U.S. business wasn’t changing at the pace we needed it to. During 2016, we started a search for a new President of our U.S. Packaging business and in late February, Fred Stephan joined Bemis Company. Fred is an outstanding addition to our leadership team and I’m already impressed with his fresh insights, his drive for results and his practical approach. Within just a few weeks, Fred has begun to simplify our U.S. business and start aggressively working on basic operational blocking and tackling. With Fred’s oversight, we have launched plant profit teams at each of our facilities in U.S. to foster sound, cross-functional business decisions to drive action and improved profitability. Fred is a change agent and we are working closely together to get our U.S. business back on track.  Next, human capital. We continue to carefully assess the talent and capabilities across our U.S. organization to ensure that we have the right people and skill sets in place to meet the demands of our business. We are taking the appropriate actions responsibly and respectfully. Earlier this week, we streamlined the reporting structure of our sales force in the U.S. which will now report directly to Fred. By eliminating an additional layer in the reporting hierarchy, Fred will have direct oversight over those who most closely and directly interface with our U.S. customers. We are confident this will enable to more quickly recognize, understand and rectify any deficiencies in our sales organization. We are intently focused on increasing accountability and accelerating decision making as we drive change through the entire U.S. organization.  Lastly, cost structure. We are assessing all options to align our business to the current environment to position Bemis for long-term success and to improve earnings. We are evaluating manufacturing and capacity, footprint rationalization, SG&A reductions, R&D spend and effectiveness and direct and indirect manufacturing spend. Any activity across any function that is deemed non-value add, will be discontinued. The scope of our review is broad. No stone will be left unturned. We have already started taking action. Hourly labor that was ramped up based on forecast from our customers has been removed. Discretionary spend has been stopped. Hiring freezes have been enacted. These three actions have been considered in our guidance. You can anticipate upcoming announces on our plant and capacity rationalizations that will benefit 2018. We are committed to establishing a cost structure that’s reflective of the U.S. environment we operate in today.  I’ll turn the call over to Mike now to cover performance in our Global Packaging segment and details on the financials, and then I’ll come back to wrap up. 
Michael Clauer : Thanks, Bill. We recognize our current performance is not acceptable. Our sense of urgency and intensity is at the highest level I have experienced in my time at Bemis. We’re using this disappointment as a catalyst to accelerate the change necessary at our company. I will start today by discussing the financial details of our U.S. business, followed by commentary on our global business, total company metrics and then the outlook. U.S. Packaging compared to the prior year, first quarter revenue was down 1.8%, unit volumes were down 1% and the remaining decline was driven by contractually negotiated price decreases on high technology products, partially offset by higher input cost that we pass along to our customers.  U.S. Packaging operating profit of $83.5 million this quarter was down from $101.7 million last year, primarily due to the impact of contractually negotiated prices on high technology products, unit volume declines and the associated operational cost structure. Compared to our first quarter plan, two-thirds of the miss relates to volume and associated inefficiencies, one-third of the miss relates to the cost takeouts and operating performance.  Here is my perspective; the way our 2017 U.S. plan was built, it assumed that we could overcome price headwinds related to negotiations with our process protein customers through various initiatives. It was the right decision to protect high margin business for the long-term through these negotiations and those negotiations also included incremental business wins that will start in the back half of ‘17. When the miss started to enter the [indiscernible] on existing buy-ins with our current customer base. We do as well as our customers do. If they don’t sell products, we don’t sell packaging for that product.  Our customers have faced volume challenges for a long while and it’s time that we recognize that and take actions to align our business with this environment in U.S. We did the opposite coming into ‘17. We ramped up our operating structure based on forecast provided to us by our customers. However, those volumes did not materialize and that hurt our profits. On top of this, we are simply not delivering cost takeouts to plan levels to offset headwinds. It is on us to take action. We’ve enacted hiring and discretionary spending freezes and we have reduced hourly labor that was ramped up in anticipation of our customers’ original forecast. We will aggressively continue to pursue options to align our business to the current environment.  Moving to Global Packaging. Compared to the prior year, first quarter sales were up 12.7%, approximately half this increase was driven by the SteriPack acquisition that we closed April 30 of last year. Currency increased sales by 4.2%. Remaining organic sales growth in Global Packaging of 2.4% was driven by unit volume growth of 3% over the prior year, partially offset by mix. Looking at unit volumes compared to the prior year from a regional perspective, units in our Latin America business was flat on track with our expectations given the economic environment, units in both our European business and our Global Healthcare Packaging business were down low single digits and units in our Asia-Pacific business were up double-digits, in line with our growth plans for high technology packaging in the region. Global Packaging operating profit increased to $27.2 million over last year’s $16.3 million.  Currency increased operating profits by $1.2 million over the prior first quarter. A lot of details building the remaining improvement, but the key points are: operational fixes in Latin America over first quarter of last year, efficiency improvements at our Oshkosh healthcare packaging facility and the initial impact of expected benefits from our restructuring program in Latin America. Summarizing the results of our global packaging segment this quarter; we are improving and overall results were in line with our expectations. Of note, we actually performed above our expectations at our Oshkosh healthcare facility in the quarter. Operations at that facility are running to our efficiency expectations.  Now on to consolidated Bemis results. Total SG&A expense for the first quarter was $94.6 million down from $99.4 million last year. This reduction was due primarily to our pay-for-performance practices and continued strong cost controls. Operating cash flow for the first quarter totaled $94.5 million compared to $52.6 million last year. Approximately half the improvement of this was driven by continued efforts to extend accounts payable terms which we expected during 2017.  Working capital as a percentage of sales was 15% at March 31, a solid improvement from 16.7% one year ago. During the first quarter, we repurchased $1 million for $48.9 million. We remain committed to returning free cash flow to our shareholders over the long-term through dividends and share repurchases.  Turning to guidance. We are lowering our adjusted EPS range to $2.50 to $2.60 from the previous $2.85 to $3 fully unaccounted for U.S. business. Before purging this, I will discuss the volume assumptions in our new guidance range. You will recall that for the full year we had originally anticipated between 1% and 2% unit volume increases in the U.S. during 2017. As Bill mentioned, we are resetting expectations and we will start to run our U.S. business for the balance of 2017 with the internal assumptions that our volumes will be down 1% to 2%. We value our base of large CPG food customers but we will not stop our plans for growth given that our customers have called down volume in conjunction with continued declines in processed foods.  Next to bridge our previous EPS guidance range to our new range of $2.50 to $2.60 for the full year ‘17. About two-thirds of the decrease in EPS guidance reflects our new volume outlook for U.S. Packaging. Beyond the base margin dollars associated with lower volume, we have also considered the inefficiencies directly associated with the volume call down as it is challenging to take out manufacturing conversion cost short-term, prior to completing a plant equipment rationalization. The remaining one-third of the decrease in EPS guidance relates to operational execution in the U.S. We have reassessed the pace of our original cost takeout plan for 2017, reflecting current performance and upcoming challenges.  For example, one of the challenges we’re facing is the ERP system implementation at three of our largest facilities in Wisconsin during April and the coming months. As background, coming into 2017 we have had a great track record of successful ERP implementations at over half our U.S. facilities. We knew the implementation of this three plant network will be challenging and we planned for that. However, as we begun implementation in April, we’re finding it even more challenging than anticipated. Our new full year guidance assumes we will incur $5 million to $8 million impact from the implementation as we crawl out during the second quarter. To be clear, the ERP implementation did not affect our first quarter results.  Regarding the balance of 2017, we anticipate that our profit performance in the U.S. will get worse before it gets better sequentially as a result of these incremental impacts from our ERP implementation. As we head into the second half of the year, we expect profit margins to improvement sequentially as we get better traction in operations. Outlook provided does include the hiring and discretionary spending freezes as well as the reduction of the hourly labor that was ramped up in anticipations of our customers’ original forecast. The outlook provided does not include any cost or benefits associated with the cost reduction program that we will finalize and announce during the second quarter.  Turning to cash flow guidance. Our new guidance range of $415 million to $455 million reflects our revised earnings expectations. We still anticipate working capital to show improvement for the full year 2017 and where we perform within the guidance range will depend on timing and further traction of various working capital initiatives. Our current financial performance in our U.S. segment is completely unacceptable. We will use this platform to drive real change in the way our company acts and operates. We will create a lean, nimble U.S. business to match the demand of the packaged food environment and position us for long-term success. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Bill for wrap up. 
William Austen: Thanks, Mike. We encountered some significant challenges in our U.S. business this quarter, but have identified three key areas; leadership, human capital and cost structure where we can drive change across our organization. The entire management team and I are committed to transforming our U.S. operations and positioning Bemis to deliver enhanced value to our shareholders. Our path is clear. I remain extremely confident in the long-term success of Bemis. What gives me that confidence? I’ve already seen the change start to permeate through parts of our company.  Healthcare packaging and Latin America are prime examples. We brought in new leadership [indiscernible] and Carlos Santa Cruz and they and their teams are driving change, fostering new ways of thinking, taking accountability to new levels, bringing in new people and changing the financial performance of these businesses. We will continue to drive this across the entire organization. The way we think, the way we act, the way we perform more than ever, we have urgency and intensity to improve. We continue to move our high-end technologies around the world to create growth and develop new markets, specifically in Latin America and Asia. We have the technologies, products, and capabilities to drive this effort further and faster in the long-term and we continue to look for opportunities in new markets that will provide long-term growth for Bemis.  With that, I’ll turn the call over for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our first question from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Kyle White: Hi, it’s Kyle, I’m actually filling in for Debbie. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to talk about the operational institutes, it sounds like you said one-third of the miss was due to performance, two-thirds was due to volumes, so I just want to confirm that. And what exactly was occurred this quarter, you talked a little bit about ERP but that sounds like that’s more forward-looking? 
Michael Clauer: Yes, I did say that about two-thirds of the miss in Q1 is directly related to volume and the associated inefficiencies in manufacturing and one-third was – meaning our cost takeout objectives. 
Kyle White: And so the one-third, can you give a little bit more detail the one third related to operational, what specifically – and what you’re going to do to kind of fix that going forward? 
William Austen: Sure. As we came into the year, the U.S. business had put in place aggressive cost takeout projects, goals and objectives, whether it had to do with waste material substitutions, material down-gauging, product redesigns, very aggressive plan and they didn’t get traction within the first quarter. That’s just simply put, they did not get traction on those goals and objectives and it was also a function of the volume coming down because some of those cost takeout programs are also associated with an increase in ramp-up in volume. So, just poor traction in the operation to get cost takeout projects put in place. 
Operator: Thank you. And we move on to our next question Anthony Pettinari with Citi. 
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. On CapEx, it sounds like you’re keeping the CapEx view unchanged for the year. At the Analyst Day, you had given kind of 2018-2019 projections for CapEx that I think were around $200 million with the vast majority of that being discretionary. If you’re now kind of recalibrating your footprint and readjusting expectations for flat to down volumes, would you reconsider that CapEx guide, especially in the out years, how does this kind of change in the view of the marketplace change the capital that you’re going to spend this year and maybe in the next couple of years? 
William Austen: Yeah, good question, Anthony. As both Mike and I said in our prepared remarks, our total focus right now is on fixing the U.S. Packaging business. And as I said in my remarks, everything is under evaluation. Everything is under evaluation including CapEx going forward as we go out into the 2018 and 2019 timeframe. But right now our focus and our intention is on fixing the U.S. and we’ll address the go-forward CapEx plan as we get closer to 2018. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just in terms of the large customers changing or reducing their production plans, I understand you may be limited in what you can say, but is there a certain number of customers you’re talking about or are there specific food categories that were significantly worse than expected. I’m just asking because the Nielson data and some of these volumes have been fairly poor for a number of years. So I’m just wondering what it was around the quarter or what you’re seeing in the marketplace that was really different this quarter than what we’ve seen in the last couple of years? 
William Austen: Yes, good question again, Anthony. You’ve all read and seen a lot of the articles recently in the past week to two weeks in a lot of the trade journals and/or some of the newspapers about how the large CPG branded companies in the U.S. were surprised and/or disappointed and at unexpected volume declines that were not anticipated in the Q1 period of this year. It’s across the entire big CPG branded category base that we have seen volume call downs and volume’s not at the levels that we were told we would get forecast for in Q1, it’s across health, hygiene, personal care, confection, just the protein, every category of all the big CPGs that we serve whether it’s infant care to feminine care to carbonated soft drinks, it was across the spectrum and as you’ve read and seen, our customers were surprised and they unexpectedly saw their volumes down in the U.S. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now move on to our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning. Bill, if I look back I think it was 2013 going into 2014 you completed a relatively large facility consolidation and savings program in the U.S. Is there anything when you look back at that today that maybe limited your flexibility to deal with the volume declines here or maybe something that wasn’t done at that point in time, can you just sort of give us some details on that? 
William Austen: Yeah, Scott I don’t see anything that we would have done differently back then that it’s impacting things today. We made the right moves several years ago with that facility consolidation effort post the Alcan acquisition and no nothing we would have done today would be any different. 
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And if I look at the volume shortfall, I assume it sounded like from your commentary it was from some of your largest customers or maybe your preferred supplier. Is there anything that you can work into the contracts so that you get more of a heads-up as to when they’re going to slowing down their volume needs in the future part of the contracts? 
William Austen: Scott, it’s a good question. Could we work something into the contracts? I think it has to do with the fact that we need to get better commercially, not necessarily from a contract perspective, but from a communications perspective and intensity perspective and get to the right individuals in the customers’ organization that knows where their volumes are headed. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jason Freuchtel with SunTrust. 
Jason Freuchtel: Hey, good morning. 
William Austen: Good morning. 
Jason Freuchtel: Yeah I believe you mentioned that Fred Stephan has a simple and practical approach to the U.S. Packaging business. Can you provide a little bit more detail on terms of what he’s already done to execute in the business that’s different and maybe how and why your business operated differently in the past? 
William Austen: Yeah. Fred’s approach is quite simple. He came in and just looked at all of the initiatives, all of the things that were taking place within the U.S. Packaging organization and boiled it down to three things. There are three things we’re going to work on and that’s it. Let’s forget about all of the noise around the fringe and work on these three things and that’s the approach he’s taken to the organization, that’s the approach he’s going to take forward and that’s what he and I are going to work on jointly as we turn the U.S. business around; simplification and getting the right resources in the right place. 
Jason Freuchtel: Okay, great. And then I think you also referenced that you’re going to continue to potentially look for acquisitions but in the near term your focus is really on fixing U.S. Packaging business. Does that imply that maybe acquisitions are on the backburner in the near term and maybe that’s something for the end of ‘17 or ‘18? 
Michael Clauer: Jason, nothing’s really changed from an M&A perspective. Clearly at the moment, I support of Bill and – had a lot of time being invested in supporting the turnaround of the U.S. operations. We’ve said before that our primary focus has been global and as you’ve seen over the last couple of years, we did an acquisition in Brazil on the healthcare space. So we will always take a look at things, but clearly from a U.S. perspective at this point in time, we’ve got to focus on getting the U.S. business turn around. If something interesting presents itself that makes a lot of sense to Bemis and to be run as a standalone for a period of time, we’d consider it but, at this point, we’re all focused on fixing U.S. Packaging. 
Operator: Thank you. We now move on to our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital. 
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Bill, Mike, Erin. 
Erin Winters: Good morning. 
William Austen : Good morning. 
Michael Clauer: Good morning. 
Mark Wilde: I wonder if we could come back to this, you mentioned that you made a pricing kind of concession at some of the high value products. You’ve been talking about this for at least a couple of quarters now. Was there anything incremental in the first quarter on that count? 
William Austen: Nothing incremental in Q1, Mark. 
Mark Wilde: Okay. And do you think Bill, just kind of related to this, is this really just the function of the overall market demand being lower, are you losing share? I know that there’s at least one competitor just up north of you who’s been adding capacity. So I’m just trying to get a sense of how much of this is just the market and how much of this is kind of competitive dynamics within the market? 
William Austen: It’s the market, Mark, we haven’t seen any significant loss of share that took place in Q1 or Q4 of last year for that matter. So it’s a market call down for us. 
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. I’ll turn it over. 
William Austen: Thanks, Mark. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey guys. Good morning. So Bill, it seems like your customers are finally starting to capitulate volume weakness persisting on what seems inevitable is that they’ll have to strip out even more cost along the supply chain. You guys are trying to take out cost by your own optimization plan, but without incremental consolidation of your own, do you think that you’ll be able to actually keep those savings with that dynamic in mind? 
William Austen: Yes, yes, I do Ghansham. Again, we’ve got lot of talented people that figure out how to redesign, remanufacture, take cost out lightly down-gauge. We might have to rebalance our effort and when that rebalancing what I’m talking about is our rebalancing in our R&D organization where we have got let’s say overweight toward the development of new products for customers that may or may not get traction versus the rebalance toward how do we take cost out, how do we improve our processes and use those technical resources to do that versus the heavily waiting toward new product development. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then in terms of the optimization efforts and I’m sorry if I missed this, but did you call it any sort of parameters to think about cash cost and also what the timeline would be implementing these initiatives both in terms of actually shutting down plans and then also the cash outflows? Thanks so much. 
Michael Clauer: Ghansham, what we called out in the press release and in our comments are we are committed to complete that evaluation in Q2 and report it externally. So at this point, we have not given a cost or a benefit outlook. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Bill, just back to the volume issue, the company’s not had any volume growth for quite a long time. Your customers have not had volume growth for quite a long time. This was the case under Henry’s leadership, it’s the case under your leadership, your customers have been seeing it for eons seemingly. I just don’t understand why you would have been expecting 1% to 2% volume growth this year given what you’ve seen over the last 5 to 10 years and I appreciate that your customers were saying they were going to see some inflexion, but why would you have thought that? 
William Austen: Adam, we’re going to face reality right now, our customers aren’t going to grow, that they continue to struggle. We have been given forecast from them about growth. We have been given product specifications that they were going to grow with and it never materialized. So we’re telling the U.S. organization to stop, we’re not going to face into that any longer. We’re going to size the business from flat to down and that’s how we’re going to do this going forward. And that’s what we’re telling them to do, regardless of what our customers are saying that they’re going to bring in. Our customers have been focused on cost out, plant consolidations, plant shutdowns and we’re now going to get real with all that and bring our volume and our capacities and our utilizations down. 
Adam Josephson: Okay. Just a related question Bill, I think late last year, you talked about having hired consultant, I think earlier on the call you talked about looking for a new Head of U.S. Packaging last fall, last winter whatever it was. And it seems like these things were happening simultaneously around the same time, so can you just help us understand what exactly was going on with the consultant and looking for a new head, it’s just a bit confusing, I’m just trying to understand what exactly has been going on there? 
William Austen: Yeah, Adam if you recall, we brought in the consultant to help us with our commercialization effort, it was a quick six week, seven week program. We got that finished and moved on. We started the search for the Head of U.S. Packaging at the June timeframe of last year because it takes that long to find someone to come in and run a business like that. So it takes six months and it took us six months to do that. The two are completely not related. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo. 
Chris Manuel : Good morning, gentlemen and thank you Bill for the candor in this process, to be candid. Wanted to understand what’s so different with the scope of what you’re doing now is centered on the U.S. operations. What’s so different with the international operations? You’re still putting a new ERP system there, other than the – I mean the only thing that I can see that’s markedly different is the fact that the volume’s still are growing there. So, aside from the volume growth issue, what’s managed so differently internationally versus domestically? 
William Austen: You know Chris, we changed some leadership in our international business over the course of the last 12 to 18 months. And when you do that, it immediately changes the culture. It changes the way the organization thinks, we brought in people from outside the industry to come in and help run those businesses, it changes the way they look at the business, they way they approach the customers, they way that they look at our ways to add value and they get those business’s cultures moving in the direction that we need them to move.  That’s the – the short of it is that we put in some new leadership, they brought in some new talent, brought in some new ways of thinking, they brought in some new ideas and they energized the organization, both in healthcare and both in our Latin America business. And in Asia-Pacific, that’s a growing organization and that’s all new blood and new ways of doing things right from the get-go. So, Asia’s got great traction on culture change, Latin America’s got great traction on culture change and our healthcare business has got great traction on culture change. With Fred coming in, we’re going to drive that culture change in North America much faster and get out of our legacy ways of doing things and thinking about things. 
Chris Manuel: Okay, that’s helpful. My follow up question is new product development, things of that nature. So, I get that the whole pond that we’re swimming in maybe slowly shrinking, but the component of adding new products and doing new work with customers, customer activity still good i.e. I’m going to make up an example. I mean maybe it’s smoked turkey, hot dogs that’s not going to add to a category, it’s just going to change out of existing hot dogs that are sold smaller. But are you still doing new activity, can you maybe somehow characterize to us what new business and other activity is? Are you still picking up new business? It’s just the existing business that’s shrinking or should we think about that? 
William Austen: That is exactly the situation, Chris. When we - we continue to use the innovation center for customer innovations and customer ideations. It’s continuing to be leveraged by our customer base. We are attracting smaller customers as we talked about in the big middle, these smaller upstart customers are coming, we’re working with them, we’re developing new products for them. But let’s face it, when you start up a new product with a small customer, it’s a small order, $1 million, $2 million, $1.5 million and when you get a call down from one of the big branded accounts, it’s a multi-million dollar call down. So the new business does not offset entirely the call down that you get, but you’re continuing to develop new products, we continue to have the innovation engine moving forward, but we’re going to rebalance some of that right now as we go forward. We’re going to rebalance more towards helping take cost out within the U.S. packaging organization, but we won’t stop innovating on the other side. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now move on to our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Bill, again thanks for all of the detail and the commentary. I guess I had to top down types of questions, first of all, if the call down effort from your customers began, it sounded like an earnest in March which then triggered all of the internal activity occurring at Bemis. Do you think you really have enough time to get all of your review and analysis and study of cost and benefits and actions done by the end of the quarter that we’re currently in? And the reason I say that is, this is an important move by the company ultimately to get right.  The related question which I’ll get to and kind of drives this first one is since 2015, and recognized, it’s a tough environment, you all have a much tougher job than we have here just moving numbers around on a spreadsheet. But it’s been a narrative where things don’t quite go as well as you would have expected. The volume wasn’t necessarily there in ‘15, Brazil surprised you last year, you had to bring a consultant on to commercialize the new products. So, what, if we look at that has been sort of the overarching theme, the culture you’re trying to change to make more responsive, what’s been driving that narrative? And therefore, do you have enough time to get it all done by the end of the quarter? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter. 
William Austen: Yeah, thanks for your question George. You hit the nail on the head, it’s the culture. We’re steeped in tradition and it’s hard to move the culture. And as I explained in an earlier answer, we moved it in Latin America, we moved it in Asia Pacific, we moved it in healthcare, we’re now going to move it -- we’re using this Q1 issue and the reality of our large CPG and brand customers calling -- continuing to call volume down to drive that culture change in North America whereas before it was just legacy.  That’s at the heart at what we’re changing as we go forward. It’s to change the culture to create the urgency, it’s not that this too will pass, we are using this as our opportunity to get embedded with our U.S. Packaging teammates and drive culture change that really gets focused on the intensity of how quickly we can move the organization and how quickly we can take the cost out. Now to that point on the question, we started this work already, we started this work in April, starting to look at okay, how can we start to bring down the cost structure. We feel we get vast majority of it don’t in Q2 and we’ll be able to report out on what our plans are going to be as we leave Q2. 
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you. Good luck. 
William Austen: Thank you, George. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Phil Ng with Jefferies. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, Bill, Mike and Erin. This is [indiscernible] for Phil. 
Erin Winters: Good morning. 
Unidentified Analyst: Morning. So your focus has shifted significantly over the past couple of years, initially being more focused on mix improvement technology, then recap and now apparently took to more cost cutting. With the value of hindsight, can you talk about where your prior strategies fell short of your expectation? Whether there’s still some benefit to be added from things like recap and what gives you confidence that you’ll be able to execute better on the restructuring phase of the business rather than the growth initiatives -
William Austen: Yes, the recap strategy is still an excellent point in our strategy. We continue to execute on that and that continues to bring us value and our shareholders’ value. Innovation, pushing innovation around the world, that’s how we’re growing our higher margin products in both Asia and in Latin America. We move those technologies from North America and from Europe into those emerging worlds where those technologies don’t exist and that’s at the core of what we’re doing to improve profitability in both Asia and in Latin America.  The next piece comes to cost reductions, completely driven by volume call downs in the U.S. and a footprint that we have some assets that are over 90% to 95% utilized from a capacity perspective and some that are down at the 70% range. So we need to consolidate some of those assets that are in the lower part of the capacity utilization range. It’s just the ongoing evolution of how the business is going to run. We need to be quick and we need to get on it and start to get that work done. We’re not going to sit on our hands. We’re going to get these things done. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. And then can you talk a bit about Fred’s background as a manager in the installation business, his experience as a cost cutter or change agent. What led you to the decision that he was the right person to turn around U.S. Packaging, and especially considering prior business was more of a growth business where it seems like you can come to the conclusion that U.S. Packaging is not so much of a volume grower? And also, his prior business U.S. installation, they recently had some share gains through adding capacity, and can you talk about that impacted? 
William Austen: Yeah, Fred actually has a 20 year career with General Electric where he ran several businesses at General Electric that were say in the more of the commodity space and he grew the top-line, grew the bottom-line in those businesses, went to Johns Manville and did the exact same thing in the face of the housing downturn in the late-2000s, grew the top-line, grew the bottom-line in all of the businesses that he has been in. It’s about being simple, taking out the clutter and moving the business toward the goal of both growth and profitability improvement and he’s done that time in and time out. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks. I guess just a little bit more of a longer term strategy question, I appreciate that you guys are really positioning the business towards flat to down volumes in U.S. Packaging. How should we think about the earnings power of the business in that scenario? I guess prior years you’ve been able to achieve 10% earnings growth by increasing exposure to Latin America and some other growing markets, healthcare and whatnot and also deploying capital towards buyback. So, how should we look at your business from a longer term perspective, understanding that you’re going to take some charges in ‘17 on restructuring, you expect earnings growth in future years to come through? Thanks. 
Michael Clauer: Arun, at this point in time we’re really focused on just getting the U.S. fixed. We’re not looking at ‘18 yet at this point in time. Clearly, we’re still committed to grow this business over the long-term and we will continue to use our free cash flow as we always have to pay a dividend and buyback stock. As I mentioned earlier, acquisition growth is still important to us and primarily in our global business, but at this point in time, we’re really going to try to – focused on getting the U.S. fixed, get it back on the track and then we’ll come back later in the year and talk about the future. 
Arun Viswanathan: Okay, thanks. And so on that note then, are there other I guess tactics you can use to increase your exposure to growing markets? Are you looking at increasing acquisitions in Asia or Latin America or other areas you mentioned healthcare in the past? How large can they grow in your business and potentially offsets some of this structural weakness? 
Michael Clauer: Arun, as you guys know, we don’t typically comment on acquisition activity but I’ll just reiterate again that we at this point in time, we still feel it’s really important to be an investment grade company. We look at acquisitions in a point that we could absorb it without putting that at risk and we do, as most of you know, we did bring very talented individual in last year in the first quarter to kind of really get us a lot more focused, a lot more discipline and rigor around what’s in the market, what’s come in the market or what we should actually own. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We’ll now take our next question from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. 
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning. This is actually [indiscernible] sitting in for Brian. I guess the first question I had is piggybacking off an earlier question on the asset recapitalization program. I’m wondering if you think that the program had any impact on some of the current recent issues just in terms of how you’re aligned with your customers. And if you have any kind of preliminary thoughts on how much of a focus asset recapitalization be going forward that’ll be helpful? 
William Austen: Yeah, the current asset recapitalization program didn’t have any effect on this current call down. It was not affected by any of that. Those assets that we put into recapitalize older pieces of equipment are some of those pieces that are now in the 90 plus percent utilization range because we had the volume already to run across them. And we will continue to focus on taking out older pieces of equipment and recapitalizing where we can gain productivity, efficiency and drive margins. We’re going to continue to do that, that will not stop. 
Unidentified Analyst : Great. Thanks. And then just a quick second one, I can appreciate that you’re very early on in the process, but do you have any sense of how much capacity you think will need to come out of the U.S. Packaging business going forward? 
William Austen: That’s not something that we would comment on at this time. We will do that in Q2. 
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes the question-and-answer session for today’s call. I’d now like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Erin Winters for any additional or closing remarks. 
Erin Winters: Great. Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters – Director, Investor Relations William Austen – President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Clauer – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Krempa – Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Scott Gaffner – Barclays George Staphos – Bank of America Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Anthony Pettinari – Citi Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs Ghansham Panjabi – Baird Jason Freuchtel – SunTrust Arun Viswanathan – RBC Capital Markets Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Phil Ng – Jefferies Kyle White – Deutsche Bank Frederick Searby – Dunbar Jason Freuchtel – SunTrust
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Company Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2016 conference call. Today is January 26, 2017. After today’s call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike’s comments on our business and outlook, we’ll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I’ll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you’ll find our press release and supplemental schedules. In Mike’s discussion of the financials, he’ll specifically be referring to pages three and four of the supplemental. On today’s call, we’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And, finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis company’s regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K, to review these risk factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William Austen: Thank you, Erin. And good morning, everyone. As I reflect on 2016 we made progress, most importantly, we truly helped our customers win with new product innovations and improved quality and service. We continue to improve toward our long-term financial objectives. Looking at the full year, we achieved record adjusted earnings per share of $2.69, an 8% increase over last year on a currency neutral basis. We increased operating profit return on sales in our US packaging segment to 15.3%, a 100 basis point increase over the prior year and putting us in the range of our long-term goal of 15% to 18% in this segment. This improvement was fuelled primarily by the success of our asset recapitalization program. We generated $437 million of operating cash flow. We acquired SteriPack in April, a great acquisition, and in addition to our growing healthcare packaging business. We invested $208 million in capital to expand and improve our business, positioning us well for the long-term. And we return value to shareholders through our 33rd annual dividend increase and through the repurchase of 3 million shares of stock. We continued implementing our strategy of accelerating growth, focusing innovation and continuously improving all we do to deliver strong financial performance. That said, 2016 had some operational issues, particularly in our global business, we have and will continue to remedy these and I am confident that we will show improvement in 2017. I'll turn the call over to Mike now to discuss details of our 2016 financial performance and 2017 guidance. And then I'll come back to the call to discuss my view of key priorities as we enter 2017. Mike?
Michael Clauer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. We reported adjusted earnings of $0.67 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.69 for the full-year of 2016, an 11.7% increase over the prior fourth-quarter and a 7.8% increase over the prior year on a constant currency basis. Total company gross margins for the full year at 21.16% were roughly in line with the prior year. This reflects the benefits of our asset recapitalization program offset by operational issues in our global business during the year. I will comment next on each reportable segment followed by overall company performance and then wrap up with guidance for 2017. First, US Packaging. Following page 3 of the supplemental schedules starting first with Q4, sales dollars in our US segment declined 3.6% in the quarter. Unit volumes were up 1% in the quarter. We delivered on all expected new or incremental business this quarter, so I am satisfied that our commercialization process is been rectified to deliver our long-term growth plans. While volume could have been better, fourth quarters can be unpredictable because of varying shipment patterns driven by individual customer’s year-end needs. Looking at full-year net sales in US, dollars declined 4.6% compared to the prior year. Volumes were up nearly 1% for the full year. Of the remaining decline in the full year net sales for US Packaging, about half related to lower resin prices that are passed through, which is neutral to profit and the other have to mix driven by the success of our asset recapitalization program. US Packaging operating profit return on sales for 2016 was 15.3% compared to 14.3% in the prior year into our long-term rage target of 15% to 18% in the U.S. This improvement was driven primarily by efficiencies from our asset recapitalization program. Moving to our Global Packaging segment and page four of the supplemental schedules, I will focus on the full year here. Net sales were up 4.5%. Currency translation reduced sales by 10.7% driven by currencies in Latin America and Europe that devalued. The April acquisition of SteriPack contributed a 7.3% increase to net sales. Excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, our global business delivered nice organic growth of 7.9% in 2016, driven primarily by positive sales price and mix, along with increased unit volumes of 1%. Some retail - regional details on global volumes. Full year unit volumes were down 1% in Latin America, a function of the prolonged economic downturn, up strong single digit - mid-single digits in Asia in our Healthcare Packaging business and down low single digits in Europe. Global Packaging operating profit return on sales for 2016 was 8.2% compared to 8.8% the prior year, which was driven by Q1 operational issues in Latin America which have been corrected and also by the slower pace of bringing our expanded Oshkosh healthcare facility up to speed. We have made progress throughout the year and by the fourth quarter our margin profile increased to 9.4% as compared to 8.6% to prior year Q4, reflecting the benefits of improved price mix from sales and more specifically packages. Currency translation negatively impacted operating profit in 2016 by $8.3 million or about $0.06 of the total company's earnings per share. Now onto consolidated Bemis. Total Bemis Company SG&A expense for the full year was $392 million down from $420 million last year. This reduction was due primarily to our pay-for-performance practices, along with currency and strong cost controls. I anticipate SG&A as a percentage of sales to be consistent in '17 with 2016, which is in-line with our long-term target for SG&A dollars. Looking next at adjusted return on invested capital. At December 31st, ROIC was 10.6% compared to 10.5 % last year. Current year ROIC would be a couple of tenths higher not for the expected near term impact related to acquisitions. We continue to expect this mix to improve over the long-term toward our goal of being in the upper quartile of our peer group. Operating cash flow for the year totaled $437.4 million in line with our recent guidance. Restructuring impacted cash flow by $8 million in 2016. For the full year total working capital was flat. We did not – we did make further progress on payables in 2016, but I was disappointed by inventory at year end. That said, we ended the year within our target range for primary working capital percentage of sales at 15.8%. During 2016 we took a fresh look at our capital allocation strategy and our board also increased the share repurchase authorization in February by an additional 20 million shares. We intend to maintain investment grade and prioritized capital spending for organic growth and efficiency improvements. And we are committed to returning free cash flow to our shareholders over the long-term horizon through dividend and share repurchases. During the year we repurchased 3 million shares in line with our commitment. You can continue to expect us to buyback shares to the extent in acquisition is an eminent as was the case in Q2 this year when we repurchased SteriPack. Turning to 2017 guidance. We have established an adjusted EPS range for 2017 of $2.85 to $3. Our guidance assumes foreign currencies at the current rates. With this assumption we have actually counted for $0.02 per share headwind from currency in our 2017 guidance versus 2016 actual. Next, I will discuss a few specific items that we have considered in our EPS guidance range. First, the benefit of organic volume growth. In our US business we have assumed 1% to 2% unit volume growth, in our global business we have assumed 3% overall unit volume growth, which is comprised of mid single digit growth in Asia and healthcare, low single digit growth in Europe, and flat volumes in Latin America given the continuing tough economic environment. Second, margin expansion. The mid point of our EPS range assumes that US margin percent is roughly in line with 2016 and the global margin percent progresses towards our long-term target. Bill will provide additional commentary on the segment outlook. Third, the EPS benefit of continued share repurchase. As we've said before, our free cash flow belongs to our shareholders and acquisition is an eminent we will not delver the company we will return our cash to shareholders. Fourth, the benefit of the synergies from our restructuring program in Latin America.  Our EPS guidance includes $0.05 benefit per share in 2017 from implemented synergies. We have closed two of the four identified plants as of December and the final two plants will close mid 2017. This is on pace to our original plan that call for half the total program savings to reflect positive in the P&L, in line with our original Emplal acquisition objective. As you recall, the other half of the restructuring plant savings are intended to offset headwinds from the impact of the economic environment in Latin America. Fifth, interest expense. Our EPS guidance includes $0.05 per share headwinds from interest. About two thirds as a result of the year-over-year comparison related to the bond we issued in September and the remainder is a result of generally higher interest rates following the forward curve. And finally, income tax rate. I expect 2017 tax rates to be approximately 32.5% which includes the impact of the new accounting standard for stock-based compensation. Where we are within our EPS range of $2.85 to $2.85 to $3 will depend on further movement of currencies, new product introductions, on-boarding new business awards, and how our end markets performed relative to the outlook. We have built this plan with consistent earnings growth each quarter of 2017. Turning to capital expenditures guidance for 2017. We expect to spend $200 million. Of this about $60 million is for environmental health and safety at our plants around the world, at least approximately $140 million which we target for growth projects and asset recapitalization. And finally, we have established 2017 guidance for cash from operations in the range of $440 million to $480 million. This includes $50 million impact in 2017 from our restructuring program in Latin America. Regarding primary working capital, we previously committed to take out $140 million towards our targeted 14% to 16% of sales. We realized $110 million of that in 2015. We are targeting an additional $30 million to $50 million of working capital improvement through 2017, primarily from payables and inventory. I anticipate normal seasonality and cash flow throughout the year with cash from operations lighter in the first quarter and then building from there. In summary, I remain confident in our business and in our ability to further improve financial performance to create long-term shareholder value. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill for his comments on 2017.
William Austen: Thanks Mike. As I think about the progress we have made and also about the stability and longevity of our business, I remain confident in our continued improvement and our ability to perform well over the long-term. Our US business has seen much success in the past two years. We've expanded margins approximately 200 basis points and increased operating profit dollars almost $25 million. Our business in this region covers a broad spectrum of products and we have great position, particularly in high technology packaging. During 2016, we continued implementing our pricing analytics initiative that helps our sales and marketing teams make good commercial decisions based on data instead of gut instinct. This allows us after inputting products spec and market data to have actionable information at our fingertips, which allows us to make better strategic commercial decisions. When initiating this project, our sense was that we would primarily discover areas where we were below market and would almost with the data to surgically raise prices. While there are many examples of this, there are also instances identified by the analytics, particularly in process proteins where the data showed that we were beyond the market therefore, making us vulnerable. During 2016, we used this data in negotiations with a variety of customers to proactively protect good business for the long-term and to gain new incremental business, considering the output of these negotiations the midpoint of our guidance range assumes US packaging margin percent in 2017 to be roughly in line with 2016. In the US, we will continue our asset recapitalization program which has provided meaningful improvement to date, as it will into the future. Because of this program, we are able to pursue growth in less differentiated products that formerly we would have overlooked given our cost structure with the old inefficient equipment. We will continue to invest in new converting equipment that meets or exceeds our 15% ROIC hurdle rate. These continued improvements will help us return to margin expansion in the US in 2018. Turning to the global business. As Mike mentioned, we'll see nice improvement in 2017 as compared to last year. We're making good progress in our restructuring program in Latin America. This plan not only helps our cost structure during the current tough economic environment, but it positions us well for the long-term. We're also making great progress in leveraging our technologies globally. The success of our innovation engine in the US allows us to quickly capitalize on increasing package sophistication in our global business. We have and we'll continue to benefit from sharing our technologies globally and increasing package sophistication in Latin America and Asia. To propel this initiative further and faster, we recently launched a formal global leveraging team, led by the experience of Dan Rokjer, Vice President of Global Business Development and embraced by the entire organization. We strongly believe that we have a clear competitive advantage and can meet or exceed our growth objectives by fully leveraging our global technology platforms. A key enabler to top line growth is our ability to accelerate global collaboration within our business. This formal effort aligns three strategic full time individuals who will support our global growth strategy. I am confident as we begin 2017, as we are focused on our customers and when we help our customers win, we win. We continue to evolve toward a high-performance culture. We have high expectations of ourselves. We are focused on execution. Execution is front and center in 2017, all areas of the business, every person, every function, every day. And we'll continue to pursue earnings growth to create long-term sustainable shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Scott Gaffner from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning Bill, good morning Mike.
Michael Clauer: Morning.
William Austen: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Mike, I just wanted to talk a little bit about free cash flow and the shift in working capital. I guess you said that – it sounded like your customers were managing their own working capital or their own cash flow in the fourth quarter and maybe that flow down a little bit to you or was this more the payment terms issue? Can you talk about that in the fourth quarter and then what gives you confidence that we get it back in 2017?
Michael Clauer: Yes. So first of all, on our own cash from operations, what I'm positive and happy about is that we – it wasn't a source of cash, so - excuse me, use of cash. So we’ve put the discipline in place, and we're really converting our cash pretty well. What I was disappointed and to be completely transparent, I thought we’d be in the range of $450 million to $455 million at the end of the year. And where we saw about the deficiencies, it was about half of that was just in payables, where we just quite didn't get the terms done that we wanted. The other half was just around the world a little bit extra inventory. The confidence I have next year is just the continued focus on this. The plans are in place. The initiatives are being hit on right now as we speak, as most of you are aware with the investment we're making in the new ERP platform in North America. We've talked about in the past that that will start as we implement the system and get completed. We'll drive inventory down as we get into late '17 and into '18. So, my confidence is, we have plans. I've seen them. I've sat down with the organization and I'm very comfortable at this point that they're committed to deliver.
Scott Gaffner: All right. And when you look at the capital allocation for 2017, I think you said, obviously, the cash belongs to the shareholders. Do you have any share buyback included in the guidance today?
Michael Clauer: I do. We assume we're not going to delever. So if you – you can figure out that by taking cash from ops we’ve given you CapEx, you calculate dividend and there will be additional borrowing associated with not delivering, if we do grow our EBIDTA. So I think you can back into it. And I think consistently with what you saw this year, we buy million shares a quarter unless there’s an eminent acquisition like SteriPack in Q2. And that's kind of what’s the same thing that happened in '15, we bought 3.3 million shares in the quarter, we didn't – it was Q4 when we bought Emplal.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for details and congratulations on the year. My questions are round on margin. And I just want to make sure that I had heard correctly. First question, I think you said margin in '17 should be in aggregate comparable with '16, even though it sounds like global packaging will be up. Bill, you’d said that, US packaging would be roughly in line, but if I do the math it would suggest that maybe it's going to be a little bit below last year. So if you could confirm that and provide details around that. And then the second question I had on operations, you had mentioned that you are in the process of remedying the commercial elements of your business, the new product introductions that you're doing. I just wanted to clear up whether you're now – you feel confident with that process or it's still developing in Brazil, the restructuring and it sounds like it's ongoing. I just want to see where you are in terms of having close that out? Thank you.
William Austen: Sure George. This is Bill.
George Staphos: Hi, Bill.
William Austen: On the margin, what I said was that US packaging margins would be comparable to 2016. And global margins would be up in '17. Your second part of that question…
Erin Winters: On the commercialization piece…
William Austen: On the commercialization piece, sorry. We are confident that’s behind us and we've moved on. The point there is that if we looked at the new business that commercialized, the new business, meaning new products that commercialized in Q4 we are right on track with what we had anticipated. We feel that process is fixed, moving forward and it's behind us.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Mark Wilde, BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Bill. Good morning, Erin and Mike.
William Austen: Good morning. Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wondered, Bill if you and Mike could just help on a year-over-year basis, help us think about some of the changes that were likely to see in 2017, the ones that I am focused on how much of a reduction is the drag from the issues in Latin America and the issues up at Oshkosh, how much year-to-year is there from SteriPack? How much benefit is there year-to-year from the Recap Program, plus Latin American restructuring and then what are your pick up from just organic business growth?
William Austen: Well, I can start with Latin America. We kind of indicated we've got $0.05 related to the restructuring initiatives. And I can tell you in Q1 we wouldn’t repeat kind of the performance we had last year in Q1. So that's anticipated that it was fixed and we will be back at what we would consider normal operating. I don't recall the number right off of my head what that is. SteriPack is about $0.01 and from a integration perspective we continue to integrate. We will see some synergies coming in the later part of the year as we qualify the film that was being purchased from outside of Bemis is now being qualified to run inside of Bemis.
Erin Winters: On organic growth. You could expect an organic growth Mark that the EPS impacted that if you sum up the US and global going to be high single-digits EPS type range. Did we cover all of the items?
Mark Wilde: Yes. I think that's most of them.
Erin Winters: Okay.
Mark Wilde: I just wondered as a follow-on, can you guys just talk about whether you have seen any acceleration or deceleration in business over the last say three months? 
Erin Winters: Mark, I'll take that. I wouldn’t say there's an acceleration or deceleration. I will talk about Q4 and US Packaging for a moment, we were up about 1% and that's on top of up 2% in Q4 of 2015 and that's from a volume perspective. We felt good about that. We commercialized the new products we wanted, we needed to commercialize. There was some weakness in end markets and let's call it health, hygiene, towel, tissue, over wrap that piece of the market, but I think that's just normal. Q4 customers managing their inventories and their promotions that they have in retail. But I would say from my perspective as we exit 2016 and move into '17 that we're building a little bit of momentum within the business in US.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Pettinari: Hi. Good afternoon. Going back to the Analyst Day, I think there was a view that price or pricing analytics could contribute maybe around 20% of the margin expansion that you're ultimately targeting. It sounds like early findings from pricing analytics are maybe contributing to more flattish margins as you protect some business. Does this kind of recalibrate how you think about the potential benefits of pricing analytics maybe in 2018 or 2019 or how do you think about the value of the program going forward given the results might have been a little surprising at the end of the year in 2016.
William Austen: Yeah. Anthony, you raised a good point. Okay? The way our initial sense with pricing analytics was we would be able to strategically use it and you always look at upside, right, you're always looking for the upside. So we would strategically use it to raise prices that were low, okay. And if you look as we've looked at it and gotten into the details of the analytics, we can look across market segments, product segments, SKUs to determine how our overall portfolio is put together, in any specific segment or at any specific account. Now to use that that way, it gives you a much more strategic focus and not just a tactical focus of the analytics. And that's what our teams have done throughout 2016. They used a very strategically to say, okay, how are we positioned across an entire segment, and where do we need to adjust, so that we can protect lock up, change terms, different materials, whatever happens to be. But it's much more strategic now than we ever thought it was going to be or that we had imagined it could be versus the tactical piece of the tool and use it to raise the low prices. So, yes, to your point it's become more strategic than it is tactical.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on the 2017 guidance, I think in the us you guided to 1% to 2% organic growth, and I guess it’s a little bit lower than the 2% growth in the – at the Analyst Day if I'm comparing the right things. Is there any reason you're kind of maybe at the lower end or below that long-term target? Is that just kind of continued conservatism in a tough process foods market or is there specific categories where you're seeing weakness or any kind of color there would be helpful.
William Austen: Yes, Anthony, what we had projected at Analyst Day was we would be 2% ahead of food, okay. So, if we look – just take a look at '16 for instance, we finished the year about 1% up. You can look at different data, you can talk to different customers, you can track process food volumes. That would – and most of them were negative, more than 1% or 2%. We see that our customers, the data we look at for '17 says possibly plus 1%. Personally, from my perspective, I don't think it’s going to be that robust. I think maybe its going to be flat. We don't necessarily need all those end markets to grow at big rates to get the 1% to 2% growth that we are projecting for 2017 in US packaging. We have the business in hand. We have the accounts one, we use pricing analytics to lock up some of those accounts for the long-term we don't have to worry about that piece of the business. Commercialization issues are behind us. We've moved on from that. Now it's time for us to execute and make 2017 happen the way the business teams are planning it.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good morning. I just had a question following up on the outlook for US packaging in 2017. It sounds like with the EBIDTA margin – EBIT margin being flat you're guiding for generally flat EBIT growth and its sounds like that pricing was going to be a negative component in there, based on the analytics you did. Just wondering if it's a case where you think that you maybe raise price too aggressively in some markets the last couple years and you're retrenching a bit now or does it seem like it was more of a case where the end markets got a little bit softer and there's been a little bit more competition and pricing erosion in those markets?
William Austen: What we looked at their and as I said in my script, this is primarily in the process protein segment. We've had business in this area for many, many years and have had exceptional kinds of prices in there. We wanted to make sure that we maintained it and locked it up for the future that's what we did. So we negotiated not just price, there's other things that go into this right? Terms, material substitutions, re-qualification of a different product, so the net-net is that our margins are going to be flat in 2017 in US packaging.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up on the volume outlook, I know it's a bit of an acceleration from the trends recently. Is some of that renegotiation work contributing to that and do you expect some of the commercialization improvement activities that lead to little bit of a bounce back as some of that business comes through?
William Austen: Yes.
Brian Maguire: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys, good morning. It's Ghansham.
William Austen: Hey, Ghansham.
Michael Clauer: Hi, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: So, Bill, just to help us reset expectations or caliber your performance I guess, in the context of your own volume profile in 2016 the way you defined it, what do you think your relative markets grew in '16 in the US, Latin America and Europe?
William Austen: Ghansham, great question. I don't think our markets grew in the US, I don't think the markets grew in LatAm. Europe was probably flat, Asia-Pacific we had strong single-digit growth rates in Asia-Pacific. I think the markets that we are growing in Asia-Pacific are really because we're transferring technology from the US to Europe and we are creating new packaging styles for the Asian market which are new there. So it's hard to say what the markets grew in Asia-Pacific. But we feel pretty good about what we've done in Asia-Pacific, strong fourth quarter in Asia-Pacific, mid-single to upper digit - upper single-digit growth rates in healthcare. We're probably growing a little bit better than the healthcare market might be for our type of packaging only because we were working through backlog, right. So from the Oshkosh issue that we had and just to point out on Oshkosh, I'll say this now since I'm on it. The metrics that we track to see how our performances there throughput waste, scrap, on-time deliveries are all on track per what we said at the end of third quarter. So we feel good about the execution that's taken place in our Oshkosh healthcare facility.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And just as my second question, I guess since your last conference call there's been a broad increase in raw material prices across almost every single substrate. I guess, first-off, what are you modeling for inflation not just raw materials but just general inflation wages et cetera. And then as we think about your specific margin targets for 2018 that you sort of outlined for US packaging, being up how does that factor into your thinking for the margin threshold for that year?
William Austen: Yeah. From a inflation perspective we modeled in 3%, raw materials we pass-through, so we don't spend much time with that, we pass it through quickly. And last point you had their George – 
Operator: Ghansham.
Erin Winters: Ghansham, I'm sorry. I'm thinking through the answer here, I am trying to come up with what the last question was that you had.
Michael Clauer: I had a couple more Ghansham just back in the US we use 4% inflation on utilities, 2.5% freight, we assumed our benefit plans will cost us about 5% increase and then in the global markets we like in – I think Brazil we use inflation of – I've got the numbers here. We used economic data provided by the economist in country. But back in Brazil, 6.5% inflation, Argentina 20%, Mexico 2%, China we’ve assume 4% inflation So we really try to tie ourselves to the local markets. We use the GDP outlooks. And then in the case of Brazil I think they are looking at plus 1, we were assuming down one just because we were not quite comfortable yet that this is improving. Is that going to help your question?
William Austen: Ghansham.
Erin Winters: Next question operator.
Operator: Yes. We will go next to Jason Freuchtel from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jason Freuchtel: Hi. Good morning.
William Austen: Good morning, Jason.
Michael Clauer: Hi, Jason.
Jason Freuchtel: Hi. I think you referenced there are some volatility in your order patterns in the US business, maybe in the health hygiene over rep business. Does that imply that that volume is pushed out into 1Q '17 and could that provide a little bit of upside to your estimates objections?
William Austen: We would know. All we’re saying is - two-four is always kind of challenging because you kind of get orders and commitments in the quarter for the quarter and then if they change their production schedules or when they're going to close their plants down and cancel or delay orders. So I wouldn’t think about – I don't think of it is just shifts, there's too many other variables.
Jason Freuchtel: Okay. And I guess secondarily, you've managed your general corporate expenses lower over the course of '16. Should we expect those costs will increase with your inflation expectations you just laid out or are there any other opportunities to potentially manage those costs down over the course of the year?
William Austen: First of all I said in the comments, I think what you should do is model as percentage of sales consistent year-to-year. And we do use an overall assumption of about 3% and then we target our SG&A organizations to look for areas and opportunities to try to hold those costs constant. I think one of the drivers year-over-year is going to be as we mentioned our pay-per-performance. If we don't perform as we didn't in 2016 our short-term incentive plans globally take a hit. And then when we come to a new year, we start with the assumption that we are going to achieve our targets for 2017.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks. I just wanted to go back to a couple things you mentioned earlier on the call, you said that the $2.85 to $3 range will depend on FX new products business on-boarding and end markets. I wanted to kind of dive into the end markets discussion. Maybe you can just help us understand what you're assuming your own growth would be in some of your areas such as the big middle or medical and so on?
William Austen: Sure. We don't necessarily model out growth in any one area segment like the big middle. What we do is we looked at U.S. packaging and as we said in Mike's comments 1% to 2% there. On the global side of the business, we looked at – if you boil it down LatAm flat, low single digits in Europe and mid single digits in Asia in healthcare. That’s the – those are the metrics we've used in the plant to model out.
Arun Viswanathan: Yeah. Thanks. 
William Austen: And if you look at – and just following on to that, end markets in US, we've looked at data, we’ve talked to customers. There’s a lot of talk that US end markets would be plus one. I'm not necessarily that robust and think that it will be zero to one, but I don't think one is a given.
Arun Viswanathan: That's helpful. So – and then just, as a follow-up, the $2.85 to $3 range appears to be a little bit greater than usual. Is that a fair characterization? And maybe you can give me a little bit of confidence around some of those factors of the volatility, i.e., or the new products already booked as new business on-boarding, really confidence in that in those markets, or those factors?
Michael Clauer: Yeah. So, historically our company always gives a $0.15 range around $0.075 on both sides of the midpoint. Clearly the items I mentioned, currencies, I have no idea. New product introductions, we have pretty good visibility into that. But a lot of the challenge on the new product is end market acceptance and the pace of acceptance. And that’s doesn't mean it's not going to happen but it just means how quickly does it get the traction and get the pool at retail. On-boarding new awards, I'm pretty comfortable. We've rectified our issues. We've reengineered, for a better term, that commercialization process. But not all the time those issues are ours. There are occasions when a new plant’s starting up for customer and it's either delayed or they're having start-up issues. So I think the things that are completely in our control we feel pretty good about. And then Bill just commented on how the end markets perform. We’re going to assume about flat and I hope everybody else is right in their F1.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go next to Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Manuel: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Sort of a difficult question to answer and I'm sure it's going to be a much more difficult question to ask and it's going to be more difficult to answer. But what I'm trying to get a sense of is, as you look across the end markets and such that you serve, principally here in the US, processed foods obviously have been struggling for a while and seemingly that the onslaught of a push to more less processed or more fresh or natural foods is changing. How do you think about your business mix and your winning of new business and what you're doing with either smaller or off brand, sort of natural food or non-processed food stuff, is this – and I guess really to kind of tie it altogether, is this a situation where your portfolio seems to be pretty heavily weighted towards the crafts, the PNG, and med [ph] et cetera, and perhaps growth targets are a bit challenging for the next two, three, four, five years is really what I'm trying to get at.
William Austen: Thanks for this question, Chris. This is at the heart of what we're doing at Bemis Company in North America. We're moving the portfolio to more of the big middle in the flexible packaging space and we've been able to do that through the asset recapitalization program. When you heard me talk about the data analytics and the pricing analytics that we use that was primarily looking at segments across the process meet area, which we all know have been under pressure. So we lock that business up for the long-term. The recap efforts that we have allow us to go into the big middle of the flexible packaging space, which is not necessarily focused at processed foods. While processed foods is a part of that, so our non-food applications for customers that Bemis Company may not observed in the past because we were so wedded to food. So as we move the portfolio to your point, we move the mix away from the food, the processed side, lock up the process to meet side with what we use data analytics for we now have the ability to grow volume because we're taking on new share from new accounts and new customers.
Chris Manuel: Interesting. Okay. Kind of follow-up question, and you guys touched this earlier; inflation does seem to be really working its way through and thank you for the color on what you're using in there. I appreciate that you need to use productivity to offset chunks of it, but how do you go out or how do your contracts handle inflation, you have pass-through or elements for some of those whether it's freight, energy, labor et cetera. But how can you go out and across most of your business, I guess you probably don't and recapture inflation, can you do general price increases from time-to-time?
William Austen: Chris, that's more prevalent in places outside of the US where inflation has been much higher, say Argentina and Brazil. In the US, it has not been very prevalent over the years. And we use cost out material science, product substitution and productivity to help offset those increases in inflation.
Michael Clauer: That we can pass through.
Chris Manuel: All right.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Chip Dillon from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Question has to do with the restructuring. You mentioned that the cost that you would bear in '17 would be around $15 million. And I suppose as we look beyond the – these last two closures in mid-'17, would it be your expectation looking out that you're done with restructuring for now? I mean, there is been a lot of transformation in the last few years of the sale of the Pressure Sensitive business. Do you think you'll make it through '18 let's say without any major restructuring moves been necessary?
William Austen: Look, first of all just to be really clear that restructuring numbers is the cash associated with the charges taken in 2016. I'm never going to say were not going to have additional restructurings. I think every business is constantly looking at ways to improve their cost structure. I have no opinions today that there might be an acquisition that would lead to some restructuring associated with it. So I can't say never, but as I sit here today I'm not aware of anything eminent that – I think the big one we did was in Latin America one last year.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Understood. And then looking at the CapEx, you mentioned 140 million for growth initiatives, and if you could just talk a little bit about when you think those – what they are and when you think they start actually pay off on the bottom line?
William Austen: Well, its growth and recapitalization initiatives. Those of you that spent some time with our capital projects generally have a 12 to 18 month delivery. So from the time we make the commitment on the capital to commercialization could be 12 to 18 months. Recap projects since we already have the business. Once those are installed, those returns hit almost immediately. And growth projects are a function of you can always add capacity ahead of – you're adding capacity based on your customers and your forecast of how that product is going to kind of accelerate over period of time. So those returns don’t quite happen as quickly as a recap.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Phil Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. You mentioned you're looking to protect some business in the US and expect flash margins this year. Does this cap your margin profile in the US long return and targets you've kind of set forth at the Analyst Day, is that still realistic? 
William Austen: Yes, Phil. We've locked in that volume the next 3 to 5 years and the asset recapitalization is really what's driving and fueling our growth in margins as well as new product innovations that are being launched in the US. So no, our margin expectations are not capped. 
Phil Ng: Okay, 18 or 19?
William Austen: Yeah. We see 15% to 18% as a very achievable objective.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess, shifting gears to your global packaging business. Volumes have been pretty flat in back half. What's driving the acceleration you're expecting for 2017? Is that driven back to operational issues behind you or just kind of regaining share following some pretty sizable price hikes you've implemented this past year? Thanks.
William Austen: On the global side, Phil, it's really the slow comeback of Latin America primarily Brazil. Okay? So they've been down -- end markets have been down, GDP has been negative 3.8, next year's its forecast to be plus 1. That drives consumption. We don't think it's going to be one we are looking at zero to flat in LatAm next year, but that drives consumption, that drives our volume growth back in that region. 
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Debbie Jones from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Kyle White: Hi, good morning. It’s Kyle White filling in for Debbie. I wanted to focus on inorganic growth. You laid out the 3% CAGR target at the Analyst Day a while back. Just kind of get your thoughts on if you think that's still a viable target given sort of transaction multiple expansion that we've seen and in order to get that target are you expecting more sort of smaller deals to get to it or a transformational deal?
William Austen: Well, this is – I'll answer that. It's still a realistic goal. It still is our objective to do some acquisitions. We're going to continue kind of - how we've approached it thus far is that we've, kind of, identified the type of companies we want to add to the portfolio. They typically – that tend to be family type businesses and then we start working on creating the relationship and helping understand their succession plans. And in the case of both Emplal and SteriPack those are prime examples of where we got things taken care of and they really were in the process. I don't want to say we don't look at things in the process as most of you are aware. Second half of 2016 was a pretty robust period of time with assets coming up for sale. We took a look at a lot of them, none of them kind of fit. But we're going to continue focusing on bolt-on's. At this point in time honestly we're not really thinking transformational but if something of interest came along and we would not looked at it.
Kyle White: Thanks. That's helpful. Second question is just more on the clarity, Mike I think you said $0.05 benefit from LatAm I believe that's just the lapping of the headwind that you had in 2016 and not necessarily inclusive of benefits from the restructuring.
William Austen: The $0.05 is only the synergies associated with the restructuring. We would expect that the problems we had in Q1 that we corrected in Q2 that we're rolling over those so those would be positive. That was about $0.03.
Kyle White: All right. That makes sense. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Great. And we will take our next question from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. I had a few more questions. The last two here, I appreciate your patience with this question on US margins, its kind of up there with no good deed goes unpunished and you've gave a lot of details, so it brings out more questions. So if I think about your US packaging business and why margins will ultimately trend up, in '18 and '19, on the one hand you said you've locked up your process meat business and contracts, presumably that came at a price and it's also business that seems to be from what you said, seeing somewhat challenged end market conditions. You are growing in the big middle through your recap program and that's good for return on capital for sure. But with tend to have a lower mix, I would think in margin then call it processed proteins. So what is actually going to lead to better margins starting in '18 and '19 in the US packaging business? The related question and I'll turn it over. And I think Brian, and some of the other folks tried to touch on this as well. You invented in many ways the process meat packaging business a number of years ago, or would did, and you're running a commercial enterprise, so it's a good thing in a way that your pricing was as high because it was generating margin in return. So the fact that you used your analytics to strategically lower pricing and lock up volume, is it driven by your competition beginning to catch up? Are you worried more about other substrates entering the market? I wouldn’t expect if that's the case or is it really more just the function, hey, look the demand picture is a little bit more challenged and we would like to lock up that volume here right now and that's where the action - that's what drove the action? Thank you guys.
William Austen: George, I'll answer the second half of that first, okay.
George Staphos: Okay
William Austen: Yes. We have invented a lot of the process meet specifications and develop that whole category, if you will. We've had that business for very long time. It's a very good business it's always going to be a good business. But the analytics now gave us the ability to look across a portfolio of not just process meet, but other specifications within a portfolio for a customer. And said this is a good portfolio, where are we vulnerable because let's face it, people will come in with a me too that may or may not meet the performance characteristics, but they will damage the market price for that specification. And we wanted to take that off the table. So yes, we locked up the business. We looked at it across the portfolio, but it's not just price, there's terms, there is materials, there is product substitutions, there are other things that go into that decision, not just price. Next piece. On the margins, what gives us comfort that we can continue to grow margins in '18 and '19? It's the asset recapitalization program and the fact that things that are converting from glass and cans to flexible is in that big middle. Those are new pieces of business, new volumes, new specs with good margins associated with those, asset recapitalization allows us to lower our cost position in our plans in the United States and if we push more volume across those plants with lower-cost, what happens. We get better absorption and we make money on the manufacturing side of the equation, not just the sale side of the equation. So we are very comfortable with the model we have in place, lowering costs, locking up high-margin business for the next few years, so it won't be attacked, and expanding in the big middle outside of food into non-food categories which allows us to continue to drive margins forward.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Frederick Searby from Dunbar. Please go ahead.
Frederick Searby: Yeah. Thank you for the question. Just a question on Latin America with the restructuring. We're at the bottom of the worst recession Brazil pretty much ever seen most severe. What gives you confidence that we won't see a big pickup in 2018 or even in the back half of 2017 and you'll have to add capacity in the medium-term or more quickly than you thought. And with the plant closings what's the capacity utilization you're running at now and so how much room do you scope, do you have for growth, if things indeed rebound?
William Austen: Right. The restructuring didn't remove capacity from the rigid side of the equation. We put our volume into facilities that had open capacity and much more efficient and effective capacity than we had within one of our old legacy plants. So you've really given us the ability to drive productivity in the short-term and also pick up the business, pick up the volume as consumption begins to accelerate. So we are trying to manage it in the short-term, but we really looked at it over the long-term to say okay, how can we continue to drive the business forward with this new -- 
Frederick Searby: So what is capacity utilization right now?
William Austen: Well it would vary, but if you look at the rigid business, we are probably at about 75% capacity utilization. And in our flexible's business, we are probably somewhere around the same level, 70% to 75%.
Frederick Searby: Okay. Thank you.
William Austen: You're welcome.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jason Freuchtel from SunTrust. Go ahead Jason.
Jason Freuchtel: Hey thanks. Just a couple follow-ups. How dramatic could your end market exposure change as you find new opportunities through your pricing analytic strategy and would you anticipate it to change over the next couple years?
William Austen: Jason, I'm not sure I quite understand the question, but how could our exposure to end markets change. We are trying to change the exposure now and as I said earlier, we've always been a big player in the food space and we are trying to take our technologies and our capacities into the nonfood areas proactively, so that we change that dynamic ourselves and don't wait for the market to change it on us.
Jason Freuchtel: Right. That's exactly what I was asking. And could you see a large shift in that business in one year or would it take multiple years to see a material change in your end market exposure?
William Austen: That won't happen overnight, Jason. It's a thoughtful planned out way to get there. And it isn't going to be a step change. It will be a ramp.
Operator: Thank you. We do have another follow-up question from Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Manuel: Hi guys. Just one quick one here because I know we're late in the call. When you guys had laid out objectives through '19, one of the key pieces of that was targeting $750 million or so of revenue in acquisitions. As we sit today, we’re about halfway through the process, and if you guys have in round numbers $100 million, $150 million or so kind of a targeted revenue that you’ve done. Where are you at in the process, I guess, is really what I'm trying to understand, and in particular I think early you mentioned near-term input from related acquisition costs or something like that and a discussion of why SG&A was up. Kind of where are you at in the process of finding things, how does the market look to you, and what did you mean by that question earlier I think in regards to SG&A?
William Austen: First, I’ll answer the last question. I didn't make any reference to acquisitions in SG&A. So, I don't know what that might have been. As far as M&A, I mean, we still think it's a healthy environment and as we commented at the end of Q3, we did add Jim Ward our new Vice President of Business Development to our team and what Jim really brings, he came from a consumer packaging company, excuse me, consumer products company and prior to that a nice career in investment banking. Jim's really brought an incredible -has been an incredible addition to our team, and I think it's going to be a step change in us looking at more acquisitions. And we clearly fully intend to deliver the 3% in organic objective that we laid out back in '15.
Chris Manuel: Thank you.
Operator: And we have more follow-up questions from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. I promise that’s it and I’ll make it quick guys. Thanks for the Q&A. One, what were the learning’s from the consultant’s project on commercializing new products, and a few thoughts. And then I wasn’t clear perhaps you mentioned it and if you did I missed it, of the operating issues last year and I want to say they were somewhere in the $0.10 to $0.12 range, correct that number if it's wrong, how much in your guidance this year are you climbing back? Thank you. And good luck in the quarter.
Erin Winters: George, I’ll take the last one first, on operating issues, you're correct it was roughly $0.10 here in 2016, you’d expect for full-year '17 for that to be about $0.06 better that’s LatAm in Q1 and a portion of the healthcare improvement. And Bill I’ll turn it to you for learning’s from the…
William Austen: Yeah. A good set of learning’s that came in quick, tactical work with our team, developed the plan going forward, implemented a plan very quickly and essentially George the learning was that we had a process that was more, and these are my words, ad hoc than it was scientific or process oriented. We assigned accountabilities. We assigned a much tighter screen on the front end of those projects that needed to be commercialized. We back data up to get information earlier in the process and not hand it off. And when I say we assigned accountabilities, we put an owner onto those projects so that they take it from start to finish and get it through the funnel, to build the materials, shop floor, to out the door. So good project, quick and we saw the results benefit us in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Erin Winters: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the teleconference for today. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters - Director, Investor Relations William Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Mehul Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Philip Ng - Jefferies Jason Freuchtel - SunTrust Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2016 conference call. Today is October 27, 2016. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Controller, Jerry Krempa. Following Mike and Bill's comments on our business and outlook, we'll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedules. In Mike's discussion of the financials, he'll specifically be referring to pages three and four of the supplemental. On today's call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And, finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K, to review these risk factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Clauer: Thanks, Erin, and good morning. Before reviewing the financials, my thoughts on where our business stands. We delivered several positives this quarter, but we still have a lot of work to do to get our company where it should be and can be. Since day one of our leadership, both Bill and I have viewed the story as a long-term one. We are changing the culture of Bemis to think and act differently. That takes time. I will continue to be impatient with our progress, but I have no doubt we will get there. Frankly, it's why I came to Bemis, to win. Turning to the financials, Bemis adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.75, up almost 12% versus the prior year. Currency translation was minimal this quarter and did not impact EPS. From a total company perspective, gross margin was up slightly and adjusted EBITDA increased to $160.7 million compared to $148.4 million in the prior third quarter. This reflects our highest adjusted EBITDA since 2014 when the company footprint included the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, a clear indication that we are improving the business. Looking at slide three, some detail on U.S. Packaging. Sales dollars in our U.S. segment declined 4.7% over the prior year. The decline in sales dollars was driven by mix of products sold, which you would expect given our asset recapitalization program, and contractual price reductions to pass-through lower raw material costs, which is neutral to profits. Unit volumes were flat versus the prior year, cleanly a miss, as we had planned for volumes to be stronger in the second half of the year. The difference versus our plans stem from commercialization delays, some driven by customers and some we caused due to internal processes being slow and cumbersome. In either event, I view this as timing that both we and our customers will work out. Bill will discuss what we're doing to understand and fix our internal issues. U.S. Packaging operating profit return on sales was 15.3% compared to 14.5% last year. 20 basis points of margin benefit reflects the math of resin pass-through over the prior year. We will continue to focus on strategic efforts to drive margins in the long-term regardless of what happens to raw material prices. The remaining 60 basis points of real improvement in margins this quarter was driven by manufacturing efficiencies from our asset recapitalization program. Turning to slide four and our Global Packaging segment. Sales dollars were up 12.6% over the prior year. Currency translation reduced sales by 6% driven by the Argentine peso and the British pound that devalued against the U.S. dollar versus the prior third quarter. The acquisitions of Emplal and SteriPack contributed a 9.9% increase in sales over the prior year. Excluding the impact of currencies and acquisitions, our Global segment delivered organic sales growth of 8.7% this quarter versus the prior year, driven by selling price and mix increases. Before discussing Global Packaging profits, an update on the restructuring program we initiated during the second quarter. As you'll recall, part of this program will be – we will close four facilities in Latin America for a total cost of $28 million to $30 million. The program will save $16 million, half of which relates to the original Emplal synergy plan and the other half will help us offset the impact of the prolonged, tough economic environment and business in Latin America. The program is on schedule thus far. We have started to move production from the largest of the four facilities that we will close to the destination facility. We continue to expect the first facility will be closed by year-end and the remaining three by the middle of 2017. Adjusted Global Packaging operating profit return on sales was 9.8% compared to 9.7% last year. You will recall that the third quarter of last year was particularly strong at almost 100 basis points above any other quarter last year. An update on our Oshkosh healthcare packaging facility. During the third quarter, we saw sequential improvement. Our expectation was a $0.02 EPS drag and we minimized that to a $0.01 in Q3. Our new workforce is at a point that they can run the equipment efficiently, but not at a point where they can drive productivity like veteran operators. As our workforce gets more comfortable with the equipment and the product specifications, they will be able to drive the additional necessary productivity during 2017. With the progress we have made, our healthcare leadership team is now in a position to start transitioning equipment and book-of-business from the Florida SteriPack location to our Oshkosh in Puerto Rico facilities for the original acquisition integration plan. Moving to Bemis consolidated results. Total company SG&A expense in the third quarter was $95.8 million as compared to $101.8 million last year. Strong cost controls and the impact of pay and performance contributed to the expense decline over last year. I continue to expect SG&A dollars to be down on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter. Looking next at return on invested capital. In the third quarter, ROIC increased to 10.6% compared to 10.3% last year in Q3. Current year return on invested capital would be slightly higher if not for the expected near-term impact related to acquisitions. We continue to expect this metric to improve over the long-term toward our goal of being in the upper quartile of our peer group. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $195 point more (sic) [$195.4] (07:53) million, in line with my expectations. Nice sequential improvement as the timing of accounts receivable issues we had in Q2 worked itself out and as we've made headway and continue to extend terms of our vendors. As anticipated, restructuring was a small use of cash during the quarter, about $3 million. I continue to expect full year cash from ops to be $425 million to $465 million, which assumes a total of $25 million to $35 million benefit from continued working capital improvements and a total of $12 million used on restructuring. On September 15, we issued a $300 million bond at a fixed rate of 3.1% for 10 years. It made sense for us to take advantage of slow long-term rate and free-up some commercial paper that we had used to fund the Emplal and SteriPack acquisitions. During the third quarter, we also purchased 1 million shares of stock for $51.1 million, in line with our commitment to return free cash flow to our shareholders. Turning to the balance of the year guidance, we now expect EPS for 2016 in the range of $2.65 to $2.70 versus our previous guidance of $2.68 to $2.78. The update reflects lower volume expectations in U.S. Packaging considering the 2% shortfall in both Q3 and Q4 versus our original expectations. The midpoint of our new EPS range assumes volumes at 2% in Q4 in U.S. Packaging. Where we stand within the EPS range will depend on currency movements, volume and mix across our businesses. I will now turn the call over to Bill for his comments.
William Austen: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. As I look at the big picture, I see us moving our business in the right direction. Many of the numbers reflected were delivering strong EPS improvement, our highest levels of EBITDA in years, increasing margins and ROIC and robust cash flow. These things don't happen by accident. And I applaud the hard work of our 18,000 employees across the globe in delivering these results. Top of mind for me is our commitment to create long-term, sustainable shareholder value. To do that effectively requires every single one of our employees to be aware and engaged in the cause and armed with the tools needed to do their jobs effectively. While we've made progress, there is still work to do to drive accountability further into the organization, to deepen the sense of urgency in meeting our financial commitments, and to improve our processes and tools used to support our business goals. Let me provide you a few examples of the new ways we're strengthening our business for the long-term. First, related to our commercialization process. We have brought in an outside firm to review this process end-to-end during the fourth quarter. The commercialization delays in our U.S. business this quarter that we caused due to our internal processes being slow and cumbersome are unacceptable. I get the fact that customers sometimes are slow in ramping-up new business but when we have inefficiency in our system that's just not okay. So, we're launching this project to review all the touch points, all the weak links in the process, all the ways we can remove obstacles, so that new business can be commercialized on pace to our forecasts. Second, bringing in new people. This doesn't mean adding head count or additional SG&A costs. This means that when the opportunity or need arises, we will bring in new thinking and diverse experience from outside of Bemis to help drive change within the organization to deepen the sense of urgency and intensify our drive to win. A relevant example is the recent leadership change in our Healthcare Packaging business. After 20 plus years of dedicated and meaningful service to Bemis, the President of Healthcare Packaging business, Paul Verbeten, is retiring. Our new President of Healthcare Packaging, Jorg Schneewind, comes to Bemis with experience in the medical device industry. And I look forward to Jorg's leadership in bringing our Healthcare Business to the next level. We also welcomed a new Vice President of Operations for our Healthcare Packaging business, Chris McHugh. I look forward to the impact Chris will have on improving operational efficiencies and delivering the expected returns on the investments we've made in our Healthcare business. And the third example of ways we're supporting our business for the long-term, we're fortifying our business development initiatives. Jim Ward recently joined Bemis as Vice President of Corporate Development to strengthen and accelerate our inorganic growth strategy. Jim is a former investment banker who has spent the past several years as a Business Development Director at a large consumer packaged goods company. I'm confident that the addition of Jim will support our external commitment to grow Bemis Company revenue 3% inorganically by 2019. To be clear, I'm proud of the progress our teams across the globe have made to-date. Change continues. And I will continue to take action and do everything possible to help us deliver our long-term commitments to make Bemis successful. Turning to outlook. We do remain committed to our long-term financial objectives. Most of our metrics are moving in the right direction. However, we can't run away from the lack of volume growth in U.S. Packaging and our operational issues in Global Packaging. These two topics are front and center at our company today and resolving both is important in meeting our long-term EPS targets. While our 2016 guidance range doesn't meet our 10% EPS growth objective, we're determined to get back on track to achieving this annual target going forward. I remain very confident in the health of our business, in our drive to change the culture, and in our ability to deliver improvement. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll now take the first question from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks, operator. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details so far. I guess my first question is around volume. One, I just wanted to understand a little bit more clearly, Mike or Bill, what you're referring to in terms of the – I think you said 2% volume shortfall relative guidance in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And you then mentioned that, I think, the fourth quarter midpoint of your guidance assumes 2% volume growth. If I incorrectly phrase those, please correct me, otherwise if you can provide a little bit more color around that and why the 2% goal in the fourth quarter would be realistic? Thank you.
Michael Clauer: George, when we gave guidance for the second half of the year, the assumption was – the forecast was we were going to have 2% volume growth in Q3 and 4% in Q4. We told – externally we watered it down and said we would be up 1.5%. We didn't hit that in Q3 and we're going down Q4 from 4% to 2%. And, again, we have a lot of visibility into what should be commercialized and be happening in Q4.
George Staphos: All right. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Okay. We'll now take the next question from Anthony from Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following-up on George's question, I was wondering if you could provide any kind of additional color on the U.S. volumes in 3Q. And externally, obviously, Nielsen volumes haven't been great. Internally, you referenced some missteps. I don't know if it's possible to kind of put a finer point on it, but how much of the volume shortfall was maybe things that you could control and how much is maybe continued tough external environment? And are there any specific categories or end markets that have been weaker than expected?
William Austen: Yeah. Good morning, Anthony. This is Bill. If you were to look at in total, we would look at 60% of the misses were controllable by us, 40% were extended launches from customers that might have had an issue and a factor in a plant, a late startup related to a customer. However, that 60% were issues we had internally where we couldn't and didn't get the product launched and/or commercialized through our system. And that's why we're bringing in the external consultant. We're going to have them look at the end-to-end commercialization process that we have within the company and find out where the weak links are, where the slowdowns are, where the obstacles are, where the bottlenecks are, because we put forecast together based on commercialization dates. And if it's within our control, we've got to fix those. But nothing specific to any one segment across the landscape, just internal misses. As Mike said, we have visibility of the orders. We have visibility to what's supposed to launch. We missed – internally we missed it.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then, kind of, referencing some of these operational slowdowns that hit earnings this year, understanding you're not giving 2017 guidance. But when you think about Oshkosh, Latin America, some of the issues in 3Q, is there an earnings hit in 2016 that maybe you get back in 2017 or costs that don't reoccur in 2017, any kind of rough thoughts on that in terms of quantifying that?
William Austen: Yeah. Anthony, this is Bill. What Mike tried to layout in his prepared remarks was our workforce is now in Oshkosh. They run the equipment effectively. What the team in healthcare was probably overly aggressive at when they put the plan together was thinking that the workforce would be able to establish the same kind of productivity that a veteran operator and veteran operators establish over a 20-year window. So, once the operators learn the product specifications, not just how to run the equipment, but how better to run each spec, that's how you drive productivity. Our team in healthcare was probably overly aggressive thinking that a new workforce would understand how to do that quicker. We're going to be able to get through that in 2017, but we're still going to be working through the productivity issues in 2017. Sequentially, that facility continues to improve, throughput is going up, quality is going up, scrap and waste are going down. Now, as the operators become more and more familiar with the product side, we'll start to drive more productivity and that will happen as we go through 2017.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Scott Gaffner from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
William Austen: Hi, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Just following up on the commercialization aspect for a minute. If I look back, I think, last year, you might have had the same sort of issue. Is there any finer point you can give on that? I know you're bringing in an outside team to take a look, but is there – I mean any more clarity you can give us on that would be really helpful.
William Austen: Yeah. Scott, this is Bill. We didn't have this issue last year. We have visibility to orders. We have visibility to product launches. What we're understanding and finding out is that there is a way too many handoffs and way too many touches in the process of taking the customer order, getting it through graphics, getting it scheduled, getting it into a plant, running a truck. There is way too many touches, way too many handoffs, way too many bottleneck. That's what we're understanding and now we're bringing in the consultant to help us streamline that, take out those touches, take out those handoffs, get rid of the bottlenecks.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. So, was the issue last year more around external? I mean you said the 60%/40% this year. Was it all external last year? I thought I remembered some pushback of -
Michael Clauer: I think last year, Scott, some of our problems were just our customers making business decisions, which they were losing volumes in the markets. This year – we really have been – the recapitalization program has really allowed us to really kind of get some new business coming in. And I don't want you to think that all this new businesses at the top of the pyramid is -
William Austen: In the big middle.
Michael Clauer: It's in the big middle. And we forecast these things to start happening at a certain point in time and then they don't. And they don't because of some of our inabilities to get the stuff commercialized, meaning getting it made and getting it shipped to our customer. And that's what Bill was referring to, is that we, as outside organization, is going to come in and surgically evaluate our process and look for all the ways we can improve this process and take time out of it.
Operator: We'll now take the following…
Michael Clauer: Go ahead.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Mehul Dalia: Hi. Good morning. It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. How are you guys doing?
William Austen: Very well. Thank you.
Erin Winters: Good. Thanks.
Mehul Dalia: Great. Going back to George's question on the 2% organic growth that you're forecasting in 4Q, is there any way to give more details on how the business is performing thus far in October or any details on what products are being commercialized successfully, just to give a little more comfort on the number especially considering that, I think, the comp is tougher in the fourth quarter than it is the third quarter – than it was in the third quarter rather?
Erin Winters: Yeah. Mehul, we don't have an update on October at this point. But if we think about volumes in fourth quarter, as Mike mentioned, we have a view to the order pipeline. Our order pipeline has not changed. The orders are there. It's up to us to get these things through and commercialized.
Mehul Dalia: Okay. Great. And then just your initial outlook on 2017 CapEx. Given that 2016 growth has been slower to materialize than what you're expecting, do you still think CapEx would remain around $200 million or does that number change, given what you're seeing in your business right now?
William Austen: With the change in the capital deployment, CapEx deployment process that we've put in place, we're already working on 2017 CapEx now. So we anticipate around the $200 million CapEx for 2017.
Michael Clauer: And if you recall the lead times, a lot of our recapitalization and growth initiatives are a year to 18 months where money spent in 2018 has pretty much already been approved and worked – 2017, I'm sorry.
Erin Winters: Next question?
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Mark Wilde from BMO. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Bill, Mike, Erin.
Erin Winters: Good morning.
Michael Clauer: Good morning.
William Austen: Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wonder maybe, Mike, if you can just help us cadencing in the benefits from the restructuring in Latin America as well as sort of the ramp-up that now sounds like it's going to carry into 2017 on the healthcare line.
Michael Clauer: Well, on the restructuring, main facility will be closed by the end of the year. I think we've – assuming we're going to get about three quarters of those benefits in 2017 with one – the major facility will be effective by January 1. So that's how I would kind of think about that. And as far as healthcare is concerned, right now, we're probably in Q3. We're probably about a $1 million give or take worse than we wanted, worse than the original projections, albeit we were better. I think we're still thinking Q4 will be comparable to that. And then how I would think about next year is clearly there's some year-over-year improvement just from the standpoint we've gone from the $0.02 down to a $0.01. But that's how I kind of think about it, is maybe we get back half to two-thirds of what would be disappointing to ourself as we go through 2017.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. I just had a couple of quick follow-ons. One, I wondered if you can talk about Brazil and Latin America more broadly, just what you're seeing right now. Because we've actually – so far this earnings season, we've heard really different points of view from different companies. We just had one company that said they saw things decelerate sharply in September. We've had other companies that have said they've sensed the bottom in Brazil and they seem to be getting more optimistic. What are you guys seeing?
William Austen: Yeah. Mark, this is Bill. I was just there, spent a week down there, going through the restructuring program with the team, visited both of the plants that have been expanded. They've both been completed. We're now starting to move equipment and products from the facility that will be closed into the new facilities. There is a much – where I have been anyway, okay, and I was also spent – I had a dinner with 80 of our top customers down there. I would be on the side of there is a sense of encouragement in Brazil. I'm not going to say it's all kinds of optimism, but there is a sense that things are improving across Brazil. That's the sense I got from visiting the facilities, talking with our folks as well as meeting with 80 of our top customers.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on some of the earlier questions about the commercialization delays. I think you sort of said that about 40% of it was just due to customer delays. Just wondering given the weakness in the end markets, how confident you're that those are still going to go forward or do you think customers might be reconsidering that given just some challenging consumer demand trends?
William Austen: Yeah. The delays we saw initiated from customers were along the lines of new lines in their plant that were coming up, new kinds of products that they were going to be delivering to the market. They hadn't gotten those lines up to the rates they wanted. They hadn't debugged those lines yet. So that's been done through the third quarter. We're now starting to begin to ship some of those units to those new plants. So it's not a function of their end market.
Brian Maguire: Okay. That's really helpful. And then just one follow-up if I could on the free cash guide, the cash from ops guide staying the same despite a little bit of a volume disappointment and a little bit lower earnings. Just could you kind of help bridge that disparity?
Michael Clauer: The reason I didn't change the range is because a function of that cash is really coming from improving primary working capital. And if you really think through it your Q4 EBITDA in theory doesn't really turn into cash until Q1, give or take a month. So that's the reason I kept the guide and I'm pretty comfortable that we're going to be within that range.
Brian Maguire: Okay. That helps. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Philip from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Sorry, to beat a dead horse. On the volumes front, obviously, it's not materializing as you had hope. Are you looking to pivot your strategy a little bit more to the recap of your assets or perhaps step-up M&A or do you still feel pretty good about your longer-term growth target to shore up some of these operational issues?
William Austen: Phil, it's the latter. We feel good about the longer-term as long as we shore up the issues we have today.
Philip Ng: Okay.
William Austen: And we're on top on that. You should know that. We're bringing in that consultant to help us do it and we've got new leadership in the healthcare business.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's helpful. And then on global volumes, I mean, that was a little weaker as well. You generally sounded constructive on Brazil, but just can you give us some color how trends progressed inter-quarter in Brazil or any color on how to think about things going in the fourth quarter? Sorry if I missed, if you've already touched upon it in your prepared remarks. Thanks.
William Austen: Yeah. Let me talk a little bit about that. If you look over the first nine months of 2016, LatAm is flat, okay. So, we're doing some good things down there to maintain flat in that environment. Quarter-to-quarter some is up, some down but for the nine months it's flat. Asia Pacific is up high-single-digits and you've got Europe which is somewhat flat to down a little bit, but that's on a very small base for us. And if you look at our healthcare business, that's doing quite well, up mid-single to mid-high-digits – single-digits rather, so doing well across those environments. Brazil, due to consumption, we're maintaining a flat – we're maintaining flat volumes.
Operator: Okay. We'll now take the following question from Jason Freuchtel from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jason Freuchtel: Hey. Good morning. Just wanted to clarify the commercialization issue. I believe you indicated previously that you had good visibility on your order book from innovation. Is the 60% of the commercialization issues completely tied to new innovation volumes? And then, secondarily, should we assume the innovation volume coming online in 4Q is sequentially higher margin?
William Austen: Jason, we wouldn't call out the commercialization due to innovation and/or recap. It's just business that has come in. If you look at how we look at the business today, recap drives innovation, innovation drives recap. We can run a new, innovative product across the new recapped assets. So, it's all part of the volume miss that we had in Q3 in the commercialization. It's not necessarily associated to new product or old product. And if you look at some of the recent launches that we've had that we'll carry through into Q4 and into 2017, we've been able – as we talk about becoming more of a global operating company, we have done a really nice job of starting to move specifications around the world to drive growth in our Global Packaging business quite steadily.
Jason Freuchtel: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, just a follow-up on your new team and on your healthcare – your VP of operations in your healthcare franchise. How specifically is he going to help improve your operation efficiencies? Is the consulting firm going to be looking at that side of the business as well or is he just focused on the U.S. Packaging business?
William Austen: Yes. The specific project we have the consulting coming in on is for the commercialization within U.S. Packaging.
Operator: Okay. We'll now take the following question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks. I guess I had a question kind of longer-term. Some of the weakness that you saw – I understand some of it was internal, though. Are you also seeing weakness in some of your core markets, meat, cheese and bread bags? And if so, did that happen recently and what's your expectation over the next – if you look out over the next couple years in some of those core markets?
William Austen: Yeah. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, we might have some customers and segments that are up, some customers that are and segments that are down. Over the longer-term, we're continuing to work the recapitalization process to drive new volume, okay. It doesn't matter to us what segment it comes in. It gives us the ability to lower the watermark on what our costs are, so we can be competitive across a wide variety of segments. Whether it's meat, cheese, dairy or bakery or confection, we're gaining volume and business. And that's why we say we have this visibility to the orders and why it's so frustrating that we can't get products commercialized because we have the orders in hand. We disappoint ourselves when that happens. We also disappoint the customer. But it's not – we look at the whole business as flexible packaging, not any one segment.
Arun Viswanathan: And then, I guess, is there ways that you can increase that acceleration towards different markets, if necessary? You talked about medical packaging as a focus area at the Analyst Day, innovation in your stage gate process. What should we expect, I guess, as far as vitality index or how much of your business will be coming from new products in the future? Thanks.
William Austen: Our goal is to maintain the 15% product vitality in U.S. and to continue to drive it higher in Global because we can transfer specs faster to Global to gain share.
Operator: All right. We'll now take the following question from Adam Jefferson (sic) [Josephson] (35:44) from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Bill, just, sorry to harp on the volume issue, but obviously at the Analyst Day in last March, March of 2015, you outlined certain long-term volume growth assumptions in your U.S. business. We've seen the likes of General Mills and ConAgra post substantial volume declines in their most recent quarter and most packaged goods companies are posting pretty notable volume declines. Has the – I realize some of the wounds you experienced in the quarter were self-inflected, but has the market deteriorated to an extent that perhaps that long-term volume growth target no longer applies?
William Austen: Adam, we should and can drive 2% volume going forward. We have the ability to do that. There are a lot of – there is many opportunities and businesses and segments that we are not in that we're getting into through the recapitalization efforts. It's on us to make that happen. It's about the big middle, as we talked before. The top of the triangle, a high-barrier meat/cheese, processed meats is not necessarily growing. It's the big middle where the opportunity lies in conversion from glass and cans to flexible packaging. With more and more formats coming out there all the time, some of the wins that we've had throughout this year, throughout 2016 come in that category. So, we're not going to back off and we're not going to let the team off the hook, okay, for not growing that business when we have the tools, we have the people, we've got the assets in place to make that 2% happen.
Adam Josephson: Thanks, Bill. Mike, a couple for you. Just one on M&A, I know you talked about it earlier. Can you talk about some of the multiples you're seeing and consequently how attractive some of these opportunities are?
Michael Clauer: There is a lot going on right now and the multiples are kind of like the public packaging companies. There's an expectation that they're up, close to 10%. And clearly for a healthcare asset, we would do that. For a packaging asset, probably not. We'd be thinking more eight times to nine times. So that's the way I kind of think about M&A. And then, with the addition of Jim, I think, we've done a pretty good job of kind of nurturing the types of companies we want to own that we know. I'm really looking forward to Jim helping us kind of understand what we don't know and where we also should be looking for potential acquisitions or joint ventures.
Operator: All right. We'll now take the following question from Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Manuel: Good morning or good afternoon, everyone, I guess from my time zone, but good morning where you are still. Wanted to kind of approach the question maybe from a little bit different angle and that is part of your business recap strategy has been to be able to retain chunks of the business that maybe wouldn't have been at the right return levels. How has that process gone? Meaning, are you continuing to see attrition in the base? So it sounds like you had trouble commercializing some new business, but implicit in there would also be perhaps that the base business has remained stable. And I'm trying to get a sense of it because the recap stuff has helped that process or is that also where you're still seeing some challenges as well?
William Austen: Chris, the recap process has absolutely helped that, okay. If you look at some of this business that we should have commercialized in Q3, its business that we had years ago that's now coming back and we couldn't get it commercialized. If you wanted to – the picture is, is that that's the volume that should be ours and we're going to get it. We're out there getting it. We couldn't get it through our system. That's the problem. That has to get fixed.
Chris Manuel: No, Bill, actually that helps bringing into a lot of focus, because you've been launching new business, new products, new segments of the market for years and years and years, but it's bringing back some of the old business that maybe you had walked away from in past years as part of the program where you're seeing the re-commercialization process. That actually brings things into focus. Could you maybe talk for a second about where you're seeing the most success in winning new business? Are there certain categories, products? You've talked about the big middle being the piece where you're seeing good stuff at, but have you also seen some new adoptions, new products in kind of your core meat, cheese, high-barrier markets as well?
William Austen: Yes. The latter part, Chris, I'll talk about briefly, is that meat, cheese category, what we used to call meat, cheese. A lot of that meat, cheese now is converting to what's called snacking. We used to look at in the past snacking as salty snacks, right, crackers, chips, cookies. That's not the kind of snacking that we talk about today. Snacking today is high-barrier snacking. So it's in that top part of the triangle and it's helping us to expand margins there. And that's some of the struggles that some of our customers have had in bringing their plants up to speed to go after this new category because it's a much different package architecture and a much different product than what they are traditionally been running. So that's helping and growing the big middle in what we would call the grocery, consumer and industrial category is what's helping us to feed that volume and give us visibility to this volume that's coming that we couldn't get commercialized. And some of that is in the non-food space.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Debbie Jones from Deutsche. Please go ahead.
Debbie Jones: Good morning. I just wanted to touch on – I was wondering – I think you mentioned before the working cap benefit in 2016, $25 million to $30 million. I think you referenced that some of this might move into or the initial high end of the range was at $50 million, might move into Q1. Can you just talk about that a little bit and then if you have any kind of preliminary comments on working capital for 2017 as a result?
Michael Clauer: Yeah. The original working capital additional improvement we targeted was $50 million to $75 million. What I mentioned at the end of Q2 was it didn't feel like the pace we were getting that improvement was and I kind of fold it down for 2016 and said we're not giving up on it. We'll get in 2017. So at this point in time, we feel like we're going to get about $25 million to $35 million of that improvement, which still says if you go back to the original $50 million to $75 million there is an additional $25 million plus to get in 2017. And that wasn't specific on it being in Q1. It will be in 2017.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thank you. And then my next question is just a follow-up on M&A. It sounds like you're trying to be disciplined around valuation, but I'm also wondering if the production issues and the new management that you're bringing in and just kind of the restructuring effort in LatAm, does that delay any type of focus you have on M&A at this time?
Michael Clauer: No. It does not at all.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Chip Dillon, Vertical Research Partner. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Good afternoon and good morning. As a follow-up to Debbie's question, just as we look at the working capital, I mean, obviously we're looking at maybe $15 million plus, I think you said $25 million or so next year of improvement. Mike, if you look at the various components of these payables, inventories, receivables, where would you say you're ahead or at least further ahead versus being further behind as you look at those three elements so far? And therefore that would tell us where the opportunity is.
Michael Clauer: I think we still have short-term some opportunity in payables. And that's kind of when I'm talking more about payables, when we're talking about trying to get improved – additional improved terms there. Accounts receivable, I think, we do a pretty good job there and that's one that's going to – our currency levels, percent current is very high, always has been. And then we have an opportunity in inventory, but that's more once we get onto our new ERP platform by the end of 2017. I really think that the focus of that platform as some of the tools we're putting in is to go after WIP, by taking lead times out of the business. And that will be a further opportunity for us in the U.S.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And real quickly, I notice that some of the resin prices had risen in like August and September. I'm sure a lot of that is production difficulty. We know capacity is coming on. And I know you have obviously pass-through mechanisms. But is there a chance that a lag issue there could be also impacting the fourth quarter or you're not particularly worried about that?
Michael Clauer: We're not – we don't particularly worry about that.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my follow-ons. I wanted to drill back into the volume outlook. And if we look at the narrative this year, guys, despite best intentions, you thought you're going to hit a much higher volume growth. It sounds like, to use your term, you worded down for the investment community hoping to do at least as well if not better and obviously put some cushion into the model for the unforeseen. Thus far volumes have been less than you would have anticipated. And that is what it is. So as we hear you say, you've got a 2% volume target for next year – excuse me, for this coming fourth quarter, on the one hand, you say you have it in your book of business, but you're not so sure about the commercialization, from Erin's comment earlier to one of the questions. So is the 2% the number, but can't stand a watered down to be hit? I didn't phrase that the right way. But, in other words, is there any cushion in that? Or do you – is your book of business a lot larger and that's why you have comfort on the 2%? And then I had a follow-on.
William Austen: George, we have comfort on the visibility of the 2%. If you look at some of the miss that we had in Q3, it is now shipping in Q4 because we missed it in Q3. So, we have comfort on the 2%. It's still an aggressive number for the team to make, but you're not going to let them off the hook. They've got plans in place to continue to run, to get that volume out.
George Staphos: So, should I read there then there is not much cushion in your business model should something run afoul of your plans or you feel you have a little bit of cushion to be able to make that 2%, even though you said it's fairly aggressive to use again your wording, Bill?
Michael Clauer: I said the 2% is the midpoint of our range, okay. So, you can make an assumption there that the bottom end is probably flat and the upper end is better than 2%.
Operator: All right. [Operator Instructions] We'll now take the next question from Adam Josephson from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Mike, I think, Mark touched on this earlier, but can you try to quantify the hopefully one-time EBIT drags from Oshkosh and the Latin American restructuring program that presumably won't recur next year, just on the EBIT line?
Michael Clauer: On Brazil, I can't remember. It was -
Erin Winters: $0.04.
Michael Clauer: It was about $0.04, would be about $6 million of OP. Assuming that everything else is constant that would be the number. And then in healthcare I believe the number is $8 million to $9 million for the year. And I think my comment would be and I think we're probably comfortable that we're going to at least get half of that back next year.
Adam Josephson: Half of that is $15 million or so?
Michael Clauer: Everything else constant, right. There is other puts and takes that are always going to hit any business.
Adam Josephson: And just one more. Based on the bond issuance, what would you expect to happen in interest expense next year?
Michael Clauer: That would go up. Commercial paper was at, what, 80 basis points at 3% on $300 million, so you can do that math. It's, what, $4 million, something like that.
Adam Josephson: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Michael Clauer: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks, guys. Just trying to go in sequence here. I guess my last question is how sustainable is the reduction that we've seen in SG&A and corporate and recognizing that you'll probably say that you feel pretty good about it, in light of also the need to continue to commercialize, hit the market, try to more effectively grow top-line? Should the third quarter trend that we've seen be sustained a lot of your volume growth expectations? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Michael Clauer: I can answer that. I mean we're going to stick with what we've been saying all along. We are trying to figure out how to hold SG&A dollars flat over a long period of time. And don't make an assumption that the commercialization process is a function of not enough people. It could be a function of too many people. So, that's how I kind of look at it. We're not going to shortcut anything, but I'm not a big believer that everything is always about more. Sometimes it's less, improves the process.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you, Mike.
Michael Clauer: You're welcome, George.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Mark Wilde from BMO. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: I've just got a couple of pretty simple follow-ons. Mike, can you give us some sense of what the benefit would have been – is going to be this year from the healthcare-related acquisitions that you've made? And then, Bill, I wondered if you could just talk about sort of lessons learned from this whole Oshkosh situation over the last year because it seems to me if we look back in time, you've shutdown facilities before and kind of rationalized production. So it's a little hard for me outside to figure out why this particular one has been quite so difficult for you?
William Austen: Sure. I'll answer that one first, Mark. We have shut facilities down. We've doubled the size of the workforce in this one facility. We did it at a time when the labor force in this area just got squeezed tremendously. And we've waited through the building process, meaning expanding, doubling the size of the plant to bring the workforce in towards the tail end of the facility being completed. In hindsight, we should have backed that up several months to bring labor in sooner, send them to the facility that was being closed, to get trained at the facility that was being closed. We had some issues with union, non-union. We didn't want to do that. But in hindsight, we probably should have done that anyway. We brought in some totally new equipment at a time when labor was extremely tight. And we could not get qualified labor to stick around and run the new equipment. Hindsight, lesson learned, bring the labor in quicker, get him to the facility that you're bringing down to train and learn ahead of schedule.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's fair. And, Mike, on those acquisitions?
Michael Clauer: Yeah. Well, the one acquisition is SteriPack.
William Austen: Yeah.
Michael Clauer: And it's a little – for the full year, it's in the neighborhood of about $0.03 a share is the benefit. And we haven't really gotten a lot of synergies yet because of the time it takes to get things qualified. I'm going to have to qualify a piece of equipment in Puerto Rico and move it there. So those benefits are coming next year. And if you recall, we did not acquire the plant in Florida or the plant in Malaysia. What we did is we signed a transition service agreement where they make it for us and ship it.
Mark Wilde: Yeah.
Michael Clauer: And at one point in time unless we move the equipment we get that benefit and that will be occurring as we go through next year.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fine. That's good. Thank you.
Michael Clauer: You're welcome.
William Austen: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: It appear there is no further question at this time. Ms. Winters, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters - Director of Investor Relations William Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Krempa - Vice President and Controller 
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Anthony Pettinari - Citi Ghansham Panjabi - Baird Scott Gaffner - Barclays Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Jason Freuchtel - SunTrust Philip Ng - Jefferies Chip Dillon - Vertical George Staphos - Bank of America Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Company Hosted Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2016 conference call. Today is July 28, 2016. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Controller, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourselves to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'll direct you to our website, bemis.com under the Investor Relations tab, where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedule. In Mike's discussion of the financials, he'll specifically be referring to pages three and four of the supplemental. On today's call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and, therefore, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these risk factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill Austen.
William Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. As I reflect over the last few years of leading Bemis, I am proud of the progress we've made. Every day has been a critical step toward reshaping this company's culture toward high performance. A culture that's first passion for meeting our long-term objectives, while holding ourselves accountable. Ice-T and feel the change, and we've been seeing the results in our financial performance. We've increased operating margins and ROIC. We've been still disciplined in product development and performance management, and in our capital spending process, just to name a few. We've wisely invested capital to support growth and efficiency. We've acquired two businesses with great strategic fit, and most importantly, we are not finished. Specific to our second quarter, I view the financial results as just okay. Quarters have ups and downs, but our focus and drive at Bemis is to create long-term sustainable shareholder value. In our U.S. business this quarter, sales volumes were up approximately 1%, with a higher portion of sales from less differentiated products, a clear indication that our asset recapitalization program is helping us to be competitive in areas, where we hadn't been in years. As we move ahead, we will continue to recapitalize converting assets that'll allow us to improve margins in our less differentiated business, while also delivering innovation. In our global business this quarter, sales volumes were also up approximately 1%, with particular strength in healthcare packaging. Operationally, we made progress and improved sequentially from the first quarter, specifically at our expanded healthcare facility in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. As you recall during the first quarter, earnings lagged by $0.02, due to the learning curve associated with doubling the workforce. During the second quarter, we made operational progress in training new hires, but the expense of duplicative workforce required for training and waste from the learning curve continued, reducing earnings another $0.02. My view is that this full rate of expense will continue through the third quarter and we will come out of it during the fourth quarter. Our team at the Oshkosh Healthcare facility is focused on creating quality products to meet customer demands and that will remain our priority in the short-term and long-term. Related to the operational issues in Latin America from the first quarter, as you recall, we didn't react to short-term order patterns in our rigid plastic Rigid Plastic business by properly reducing costs. During the second quarter order patterns recovered, our cost structure was properly utilized, and there was minimal adverse impact to profit. Stepping back for a minute, over the last year our profits in local currency have been relatively untouched by the struggling Latin American economies. Our customers continued innovating high technology packages, and we've done a great job passing through inflation to our customers. Now as consumers' disposable income continues to be stretched due to the impact of the prolonged economic environment in Latin America, our business is beginning to feel the effects. While our product portfolio serves basic needs for consumers, we've started to see a mix shift from higher price point products to those with lower price points. Yogurt is a prime example. While total demand for yogurt packaging in the quarter was strong, we are starting to see some customer shift to simpler style packages, instead of the high end pre-made cups for drinkable yogurt, we saw more demand for films using simpler, traditional packages for yogurt. With the potential impact of this shift in mind, we took a hard look at the capacity in the region. The Emplal acquisition came with modern and efficient facilities that provide us the opportunity to consolidate production. Beyond the original Emplal synergy plan to close one legacy facility, we initiated a larger effort in which we'll close a total of four legacy plants in the region. We are taking action in order to maintain our leadership in the region and to ensure that we will meet our original target of 10% plus operating margins in our global packaging segment. Latin America is and will continue to be an important part of our portfolio as the local economy recovers, our business will continue to be well-positioned with the right products, management team and asset base. A quick update on our most recent acquisitions SteriPack. Our teams have started working together to familiarize our businesses and learn from each other. We are finding the SteriPack business to be very strong from both an operational and leadership perspective. Our teams will continue to work over the next year to qualify Bemis Films with our SteriPack customer base. In the interim I'm pleased that the acquired business contributed to second quarter earnings, so we're off to a great start. We will continue to build a combined Bemis Healthcare packaging business that is stronger, more customers centric and more profitable as we move forward. Turning to the topic of guidance. We confirm our EPS range of $2.68 to $2.78. This considers today's currency exchange rates, the continued expense in global packaging related to the Oshkosh Healthcare facility, and our views of the balance of the year in Latin America. In relation to volumes in the business, my view hasn't meaningfully changed. In the U.S., I feel good about 1% plus for the full year. And in our global business, my view is that Latin America will be slightly up and the balance of the globe will average in the 4% range. In summary, I remain very confident in our long-term health of our business, in our ability to adapt, and in our drive to create long-term shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for his comments on the financials.
Michael Clauer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. BMS' adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter were $0.67 per share, flat with last year. Currency translation decreased EPS by approximately $0.02 versus one year ago, primarily driven by currencies in Latin America that devalued against the dollar. From a total company perspective, gross margins was down during the quarter at 21.2%. About 30 basis points of this decline resulted from continued inefficiencies at our Oshkosh healthcare facility. On a year-over-year basis, sales mix in the U.S. trended toward our less differentiated business, which is a natural outcome of the asset recapitalization program. Nonetheless, we continue to expect gross profit to improve over long-term. Looking at slide three, some detail on U.S. Packaging. Sales dollars in our U.S. segment declined by 3.4% over the prior year. Unit volumes increased about 1% during the second quarter versus the prior year. The decline in sales dollars was driven by contractual price reductions to pass through lower raw material costs, which is neutral to profit, along with a lower sales mix from less differentiated products. U.S. Packaging operating profit return on sales was 15.4% compared to 14.8% last year. About half of this margin improvement was mass related to resin pasture. As I've said before, we do not consider this mass improvement when judging ourselves against our long-term targets of 15% to 18% in this segment. We will continue our strategic efforts to drive margins in the long-term regardless of what happens to raw material prices. The remainder of the improvement in margins this quarter was driven by manufacturing efficiencies from our asset recapitalization program. Our margin performance in the U.S. was a bit lower than expected, however, we continue to expect the full year 2016 to provide approximately 70 basis points of real improvement over the prior year, which is on pace toward our long-term targets. Turning to slide four, and our Global Packaging segment. Sales dollars were up 4.4% over the prior year. Currency translation reduced sales by 12.6% driven by currencies in Latin America that devalued against the U.S. dollar versus the prior second quarter. The acquisitions of Emplal and SteriPack contributed about 7.7% increase in sales over the prior year. Excluding the impact of currencies and acquisitions, our global segment delivered organic sales growth of 9.3% this quarter versus the prior year, which reflects a unit volume increase of 1% along with overall selling price and mix increases. Before turning to adjusted operating profits in Global Packaging, I will discuss the restructuring program we initiated this quarter. As bill mentioned, we looked extensively at our manufacturing footprint in Latin America and determined that we could close four facilities, which is more than the original synergy plan associated with our Emplal acquisition. The total program will cost between $28 million and $30 million through 2017. Approximately two-thirds of the total program costs are employee related and our primarily severance costs for the elimination of 1,100 jobs that will take place at the four facilities we are closing. When the program is over the net reduction in employees will be approximately 700 as we hire additional direct labor to support the transferred volume. The remaining one-third of the total program cost consists of a variety of other items including asset related costs, reinstallation costs and legal costs. From a cash flow perspective, approximately $10 million of the total program cost will impact 2016, less than $1 million flow through Q2 and the remainder will flow equally through the remaining quarters. Beyond the program cost, we will also invest $10 million to $12 million of capital to effect these integrations which will be absorbed in our normal annual CapEx spend. Cost reductions from this program will be approximately $16 million, that total includes our original estimate of $7 million to $8 million related to the Emplal synergies. Adjusted Global Packaging operating profit return on sales was 8% compared to 8.1% last year. Currency translation negatively impacted operating profits by $2.6 million or about $0.02 of the total company earnings per share, compared to the prior year. As Bill mentioned our Oshkosh healthcare facility pulled down earnings, another $0.02 during the second quarter due to continued operational inefficiencies that we had anticipated. Without that drag, Global Packaging operating profits would have been up nicely as a result of strong sales mix during the quarter. Moving to Bemis consolidated results. Total company SG&A expense in the second quarter was $100.4 million as compared to hundred and $103.9 million last year. While recognize, inflation and currency can impact this line, over the long-term I continue to expect SG&A dollars to be flat. Specific to this year, I anticipate SG&A dollars be down on a year-over-year basis in the second half of the year. The income tax rate for the second quarter was 32.7% in line with our expectations of full year tax rate of approximately 33%. Looking next at return on invested capital. In the second quarter, ROIC increased to 10.4% compared 10% last year in Q2. Current year ROIC would be slightly higher, if not for the expected near term impact related to Emplal acquisitions. Simply put, investment capital has [indiscernible] calculation while a full year earnings and synergies have not. We continue to expect this metric to improve year-over-year toward our long-term goal of being in the upper quartile of our peer group. Operating cash flow for the second quarter totaled $100 million less than my expectation by $50 million due to the timing of collecting accounts receivable related to financing programs we have implement with our customers on contract renewals that will be recovered in Q3. We are reducing full year cash flow from ops guidance to $425 million to $465 million due impart to the $10 million of restructuring. Our original expectation was that payables were delivered $50 million to $75 million of working capital improvement this year. I will reduce that expectation by $25 million for the current year. However, we will continue to push on this initiative and expect the difference to be recovered in 2017. Turning to EPS guidance, we continue to expect adjusted EPS for 2016 in the range of $2.68 to $2.78, where we perform within this range will depend on currency movement in rest of the year, the speed of operational improvements at our Oshkosh Healthcare facility, volume and mix across our businesses, and the pace of implementing our restructuring program. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our first questions from George Staphos with Bank of America. Your line is open.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon or good morning, depending on where you are. A couple of questions. First of all, Mike or Bill, can you talk a bit about why U.S. performance is maybe a little bit below your expectations if you had mentioned, I had missed it. And then, second question, as far as Oshkosh, I seem to remember that you had assumed the inefficiencies would last the second quarter, and you'd be on a more normal plane, maybe not all the way back, but more normal in the third quarter. It sounds to some degree like that's been pushed back a bit. If that's true, why is that the case? Thanks.
William Austen: George, this is Bill. I'll take – I'll start with the Oshkosh healthcare piece first. We look at five pieces as being critical to that facility forward, manufacturing output, staffing quality of the product we produced waste and service levels. All of those metrics sequentially have improved from Q1 to Q2. Manufacturing output is up, we're staffed, quality continues to improve and we've implemented procedures that people sign off on the quality of the product before they move it to the next station. Waste continues to trend at a higher level than we had anticipated moving out of Q1 to Q2. And, our service levels are continuing to improve. We were overly aggressive when we thought we could move the needle faster coming out Q1 to Q2. We were not able to achieve those rates. So it's being pushed through to Q4. However, all of those five key metrics that we look at are continuing to improve and get better as we go forward. The first question you had was – was there anything in U.S. packaging that really caused us concern in Q1 – Q2 rather. The answer is no. We don't look at quarter-to-quarter basis. If we look at our operating profit – if we look at our margin improvements on a full year basis year-to-date, we've improved operating margins there 80 basis points to 90 basis points for the first half of the year. We don't look at things on a quarter-to -quarter basis that way. The business is moving in the direction that we have anticipated. So, we don't see any unusuals there happening in Q2.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Your line is open.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following up on U.S. packaging. I think you had two customer losses that you lapped in the quarter or maybe early 3Q. Can you just remind us the timing of that? Does your outlook still expect kind of 2% volume growth in the U.S. in the second half and if you've seen any kind of inflection point early in the quarter.
William Austen: Hi, Anthony, this is Bill. Yes, we lapped those two losses in the quarter and as I said in my remarks, we see U.S. packaging 1% plus growth in the back half of the year. What we've talked about at the start of the year was the second half would always be better than the first half and that view has not changed. We will see a better second half in volumes than we saw in the first half. And the first half volumes were plus the half in U.S. packaging.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys. Good morning.
William Austen: Morning.
Michael Clauer: Morning.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, I guess, switching to Latin America and the announced restructuring, does that lower your production footprint in the region, or you just consolidating towards more efficient facilities? I guess what should we take away from your long-term view on the region with this announcement. And also are you shedding any customers as part of that?
William Austen: Sure. George, this is Bill. We step back for a minute, and we looked at the – the overall situation in the region. Unemployment 11% a year ago it was 8.5%, inflation 9.5% versus about 9.5% a year ago. GDP at negative 3.5%, the prolonged economic environment caused us to step back and take a look at what was going on in the region. What we're doing is we're taking out less efficient, smaller, older legacy facilities that we had within the Bemis portfolio now that we've acquired Emplal, which has got newer, bigger more modern facilities along with more modern equipment. So all we're doing is, taking out older legacy Bemis plans, consolidating and moving that volume to the newer more efficient facilities at Emplal that we acquired. We're also putting a little bit of a footprint onto one of the newer Emplal plants to absorb some of the equipment that we will move. So, no losses of customers, no loss of volume, much more efficient operation when this is all over, and we're doing this to continue to be the leader in the region and to be stronger as we move forward.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
William Austen: Hello, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Mike, just wanted to talk about the increase or the decrease in working capital improvements for 2016. Can you give us a little bit more details what's going on with the payables there and what gives you comfort that you get it back in 2017?
Michael Clauer: What we have done, Scott, is we have implemented basically supplier financing for our kind of Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. And I just believe the traction of getting that implemented is not at the pace that we originally anticipated. I do not at all believe the pace, the targets were unachievable or unrealistic, is just the pace of getting the implementations made.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning, guys, thanks for taking question. Just a question on the negative mix in U.S. Packaging, you alluded to – and I take it to me that was related to the asset recapitalization program you've been doing. So it sounds like the volumes have been growing a little bit faster in some of the less differentiated markets, how does that impact margins overall and as you think about the capital investments, does that lead to a drag on return on capital down the road as – you have to try and sell more or the less differentiated products that are a little bit lower margin than the overall business? Thanks.
William Austen: Now we take a longer term view on that, so if we look at our – if we look at our margin as I said on a year-to-date basis this year, it's 80 basis points to 90 basis point improvement in U.S. Packaging. It's tough to look at it at a 19 day window, you have to take a longer view of where those margins are headed and the visibility we have with our innovation pipeline, projects that we have in place that we're recapitalizing on today, all of our projects that go into the recap program have to have a minimum 15% return on invested capital over a five-year average. So, nothing has changed in our view, nothing has changed in our process, we continue on the same track that we've been on.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Adam Josephson: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. Bill, just one on the margin expansion. So, you've obviously generated substantial margin expansion over the past year and a half, but over that period, your EBITDA is flat. So what do you focus more on margin expansion or growing EBITDA and why?
Michael Clauer: This is Mike. I'll take that question. Clearly, our primary focus is EBITDA. We want to grow EBITDA dollars, in fact from an internal metric perspective, we have added that, so in addition to ROIC and return on sales, we now measure and compensate based on EBITDA. So, it dollars so that's the future and I hope that kind of answers your question. You want both, but from an overall perspective, we would much rather see EBITDA dollars increasing.
William Austen: Adam, I'll just add on to that, why didn't we make the shift. We had ROS as a metric in our incentive plan a year ago, because we wanted to improve the quality of our business, which is get it back to the margin rates we were at several years ago. We are succeeding to do that, now we've put EBITDA dollars as part of our incentive plan.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take next question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Wilde: Good morning Bill, Mike, and Arun.
William Austen: Good morning.
Michael Clauer: Hey, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Just a couple of things on Brazil. One, can you talk about the business impact of customers going to these lower cost kind of simpler forms of packaging. Because it seems like one of the things you've been doing down there is trying to move people in the other direction to kind of higher value-added and then if you could also just talk about sort of any lags in terms of really implementing restructuring down in Brazil. I don't know what the rules are in terms of severance and things like that?
William Austen: Sure. It's a good question, Mark. On the rigid side of things, we are – we're the leader in rigid packaging, whether it's the less differentiated type of material or the higher value-add, the drinkable yogurt cups for instance. We added that to the portfolio. We've always been there in the less differentiated product as well. So, it's really just shifting the mix of higher value-added came down because consumers valuing down. We just made more of the less differentiated type of materials. We still had a very good quarter from yogurt perspective. So we don't see that as being a problem.
Mark Wilde: Any lags of implementing the restructure...
William Austen: Oh, I'm sorry, the lags of implementing.
Michael Clauer: No, regulations are pretty [indiscernible].
William Austen: They are very, very open and clear and there should be no lag.. It's already phased out and scheduled to go.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Arun Viswanathan, your line is open, with RBC Capital.
Arun Viswanathan: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess, wanted to understand you are making some changes to your Outlook. So, what gives you the confidence, maybe you can just differentiate between those things under your control, both in U.S. and Global Packaging versus your innovation pipeline. If you were to look at U.S. packaging, if that accelerates from the 1%. If you get into the mid-single-digit range, how much of that is under your control and how much of it is market dependent and similarly on the Global Packaging side, how would you parse that out?
William Austen: Arun, you're questioning the volume, going forward?
Arun Viswanathan: Correct. Mainly volume.
William Austen: Okay. Yeah. We have a very robust pipeline at this point of projects that are customer driven on innovation. And we have a pipeline of recapitalization projects that's very robust and already in play. So we're confident in our second half volumes being better than first half as we've said and as we go forward those recap projects just continue to allow us to be more competitive in the non-differentiated product. So, we have visibility to volume growth there as well.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Manuel: Good morning or good afternoon, folks. Thank you for taking the question. I kind of wanted to follow-up on the kind of business recapitalization process and where you are in that process, but kind of as a transition into that I mean your volumes got better here at least in North America got better 1Q – 2Q versus 1Q, so it looks like you are seeing some modest acceleration. And I guess, the way I'm coming at this is how are you doing some of the business recap stuff is it mainly as products come up for renewal, and it's a new contract or you in fact kind of going back looking at some of the business you have today saying, hey, let's go out and extend some contracts and maybe try to take some cost out of manufacturing and up to your things in the process, how are you doing that and then how far in the process are you with respect to you addressed how would I think about it, how much of the portfolio you've addressed with that?
William Austen: Right. Hey, Chris this is Bill. The recap program is completely driven by ourselves of the assets we have in place today. We know what the age of the equipment is, how it runs, the waste it creates, the length, the time it takes to change over. That's all within our preview, we have that and that's how we recap. We have volume running across those machines today if we can put in an asset that takes one to take out two that's what drives the asset recap program. It's not contract driven, it's not contract specific, it's asset specific.
Michael Clauer: And then, he asked how far we're along in the process [indiscernible].
William Austen: Well, we're phasing in, in overtime, Chris. We have 27 plants in the network in North America. And there is a lot of assets in those plants that – a lot of opportunity for us to continue to push forward on.
Chris Manuel: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Jason Freuchtel with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Jason Freuchtel: Hey, good afternoon. Can you quantify any benefits from innovation you saw in the quarter, and how much of your volume growth expectations are driven by innovation in the back half of the year in the U.S. Packaging segment? And then lastly, do you still expect to generate higher profitability in 2017 from implementing pricing analytics?
William Austen: Sure. Jason, for the first part of your question, when we look at our two segments, we would see Global Packaging as where the innovation would have come from in the quarter, we had some good mix there. In our U.S. business, that was really more so a function of asset recap that help to bump up margins a little bit. Second piece of your question was? Sorry, can you give us a second piece of your question again, Jason?
Jason Freuchtel: Sure. Do you still expect to generate higher profitability in 2017 from implementing pricing analytics?
William Austen: Jason, this is Bill. Pricing analytics is a long-term – a long-term view. It will – we will start to see the benefits of that in 2017.
Jason Freuchtel: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. I guess, packaged food volumes for the U.S. has generally been pretty muted for some time now. With growth coming more from the fresh and organic side of things, particularly from some of the smaller private label guys or co-packers, are you doing anything different to target this market and with some of the investments that you've made, what allow you better service customer base? Thanks.
William Austen: Yes, Phil, we're, part of the asset – not part of, but asset recapitalization allows us to attack that pieces of the market, the afresh trend if you will, because it's usually shorter runs, quicker changeovers are required, better service to customers and these newer assets, clearly help us do that, which the older legacy facilities just couldn't handle.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical. Your line is open.
Chip Dillon: Yes, hi. Good morning, good afternoon. First question is really dealing with the reduced working capital sourcing this year, and wanted to know how – I think you mentioned it was mostly inventory related, but maybe part of it was receivables. But could you talk about how that has gone from being down $50 million to $70 million to just down $25 million this year?
Michael Clauer: Yes. I can answer that. As I mentioned it, the target was to reduce improved days payable outstanding, which would add $50 million to $75 million of working capital benefit in the current year. We are absolutely doing that, however not at the pace that we had expected. And so I think we'll get $25 million to $50 million of it not $50 million to $75 million, but we still are going to target getting the entire $50 million to $75 million range. It will just spill into $70 million.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Got you. And also just a quick follow-up if I could. Could you -you mentioned, I know in the first half of the year, there were sort of a $10 million per quarter headwind from the issues with Brazil and also in the new plant. Did you say that those headwinds would continue into the third quarter? I think you did, but could you just reiterate how much of an impact you think you'll get in the third quarter? And does that, it should have been done by then?
William Austen: Yes, Chip. This is Bill. You were correct on the first quarter. However, we don't see the headwind from the Latin American piece of that. We only see the headwind from the Oshkosh healthcare facility piece going through Q3 and minimizing it in Q4.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America. Go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. And apologies, before I took two questions. That was in two question from the last conference call. I guess, my next question and Bill, I wasn't trying to say or ask whether you are concerned at all, about U.S. packaging in the quarter, but I did think, I heard you say, that performance was less than what you had anticipated. So, if I was correct in that and that's the right premise. What was trending a little bit, below your expectations, recognizing again 90 days isn't an eternity?
William Austen: Yeah. George. It's just might being built, where I think, these guys can perform better, they did a nice job, but hey, nice doesn't cut it, they have to do better and I expected them to do better. We don't – as you said already, we don't measure things in 90 day increments, we look over the long-term, but I thought those guys could have performed at a little bit higher pace.
George Staphos: Fair enough.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Bill, just one more on emerging or merger market strategy broadly. I mean, are you concerned at all that you could have something similar happened in another of your emerging markets, in other words the economic conditions in another market were to deteriorate and need to have to do another restructuring. I mean, what gives you confidence that you have the right strategy in emerging markets in light of this development?
William Austen: Right. Adam, if you look at our Brazilian footprint or Latin American footprint, it's pretty big, right. If you go to the other emerging markets, we have the small footprint, where we're much more contained, much smaller, more focused on some end markets in the other emerging markets. So, Brazil was just a big exposure, we had a lot of older legacy facilities in and around Brazil. In our other emerging markets, we have much more newer, more modern facilities, and they're much more efficient. So, this was our opportunity to continue to be the leader in that region of the world. We're continuing to do well, we're continuing to do all the things we should be doing down there, now is the time to restructure as we looked at what the longer-term picture is going to look like for that economy.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Debbie Jones: Hi. Thank you for getting me in the queue here. My first question is, Mike, what gives you the confidence that you can get that payable benefits in 2017, and then can you just talk about the potential for some benefits from inventory as well in 2017, I think that you've been talking about the SAP program driving that?
Michael Clauer: Yeah. What gives me the confidence is the discipline we're instilling in this company. This is ours to get. There is absolutely no reason to get it. We have other packaging companies that we can look at their metrics and they have them, so we're not any different than anybody else. So that's what gives me the confidence and the fact that we're going to stay focused on it relentlessly. As far as 2017, what we've talked about in the past is, as we get more and more of our facilities on our common ERP platform. We are also introducing demand forecasting and scheduling that is starting to get introduced right now, and the intention of those systems processes are really to if you think through it's really to reduce with. So, it's really to get better at forecasting and scheduling your plants that allows you to kind of move your lead times down, which lead to a reduction of work-in-process.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, guys. As we think about the three broader categories that are driving, we expect improvement and return for you. So, we have the recap program, we have innovation and we know we have pricing analytics. Is there way to recognizing that, you don't have discrete stoppages and beginnings with these programs per se. So, way to maybe tell us where you're on the timeline for each of them. So, the recap program is a making this up now? A third done and you have another two thirds to go and similar type of discussion on the other programs related to your longer-term goal. And then relation back to – I think maybe it was Adam's question on the volume with innovation kicking in why aren't you seeing closer to the 2% goal I think you had had for the second half and looking out? Thank you.
William Austen: Yeah, George. We've always had a history of innovating, right. And we've always innovated at what we would call the high-end the high barrier end of things. What's occurring now is the company continues to change and move forward and drive toward high performances, the whole process or recapitalization and innovation all start to blend together. The recapitalization projects allow us to bring innovation to customer that we hadn't dealt with before. Innovation is now being driven across the big middle of the packaging space for us because we're dealing with customers that we hadn't served for the last three years four years, because we walked away from business because the margins were too low. Well now, we're back in there, bringing innovation to bakery customers. We're in there bringing innovation to health and hygiene customers that we had not served for the past few years. So, we're going to start to see a big blending of these three buckets or the two buckets of innovation and recap. And pricing analytics we're just starting on that journey, we're just getting into that now. We're going to start to see those impacts helping us in 2017. But as far as innovation and recap, they are all co-mingled as we're going forward here, because one feeds the other.
Michael Clauer: George, the second part of your question, I think may have been about volumes and just to reconfirm in the U.S. our view is still that the full year for 2016 would be at that one plus range, which to your point means heavier in the back half of the year. So, hopefully that helps clarify.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Wilde: Yeah. Bill I want to just come back to comment you made about the global volumes were you said Brazil was going to be weak, but you get 4% in the other pieces of the global business, but I just wonder with Brazil being such a large part of the global business. Can you really hit the kind of 4% global overall target that you've set out there, kind of now I think the 2019 if Brazil remains weak?
William Austen: We think we can Mark, because of obviously organic growth in some of the other areas is going to be higher than that 4%. We've got some really nice, very significant growth in our healthcare business and we're going to continue to push on that and that's on the organic side of things in the double-digit range. So, we think we can offset that – some of that weakness in Latin America with much higher growth rates in some of the other segments.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And if I could there is a follow on. Could you just talk, maybe Mike, about sort of where you are at with acquisitions right now? I think in the past you have talked about sort of BNDN regions and you've talked about Central and Eastern Europe and you've been growing I think over in China. So, if you could just maybe update us on where you stand in that process?
William Austen: Yeah. We still have sort of better term of good pipeline. We've got some interesting things we are working on directly, we are aware of some kind of interesting type investments that could be coming to the market later this year. It's same old markets. It's still in Eastern Europe. In the U.S., looking at things that could have a lot of synergies with them. Not a lot going on right now down in Latin America. I mean I think the way we look at it, we're not going to tax a management team and I think the people or groups down in Latin America have the hands full with restructuring and the integration of Emplal also it would not be an [indiscernible] best interest or those to probably add anything there for the next year or so. So, again I think things continue to move forward. I'm excited about some of things that they are in – that we're looking at but nothing imminent at this point in time.
Operator: And we will take your next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: So I just wanted to understand make sure I got this right. So in the second quarter, there was a negative price mix from the contractual pass through of lower raw materials in U.S. packaging, has that kind of fully flowed through? I know resin costs were actually up in Q2 on an index basis, I guess, what you expect in Q3, Q4 if resin is flat or what you would be modeling?
William Austen: We don't forecast the resin pass through numbers on a go forward basis, Arun. So it'll shake out to be what happens during each of those quarters as it's comp versus the prior year. So to answer your question on second quarter, in the U.S., the resin pass through was a couple of points on that top line revenue just passing through contractual differences versus the prior year.
Arun Viswanathan: But it didn't have any effect on income then.
William Austen: Correct, you're correct.
Michael Clauer: And that's how we would look forward as if you're modeling, as you can assume whatever you want with resin. Our assumption and our experience has been that we don't get hurt or helped with that pass through.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. And then on the global side, similarly it was just the sales of the lower sophisticated products, I guess, that affected to the sales, the top line and...
Michael Clauer: In global...
Arun Viswanathan: ...impact
Michael Clauer: Yeah, in global, there is a few things going on there. So if you pull out the currency effect, which decreases your top line, you have a positive effect from acquisition and you're left with organic growth, price volume mix positive 9%. And that's really a couple of things, you've got unit volumes up 1%, you've got some inflation that passes through, and then we're left with positive price mix in the global business during the second quarter, and you can think of that a good chunk of that is going to be your Healthcare business that was quite strong in the quarter.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks a lot for taking my follow ups. Mike just one on free cash flow, it's been – it's fluctuated a fair bit over the past three years or four years, obviously and have a conversion ratio as well as has fluctuated quite a bit, net income to free cash flow, what you think to the normalized -normalized free cash or to the normalized conversion ratio is and why?
Michael Clauer: Well, I mean, we've got a very specific target at working capital and that is what we're trying to get to it. I look at this year $425 million, $450 million based on current year kind of guidance and EBITDA, would be where, I would expect it to be in the group, but we still feel we've got some improvement opportunities, but I'd like to get to the point, I mean, first of all I love it when we start growing, and there will be a little bit of working capital load, but I'd like to start assuming the way we should think about it is, EBITDA minus kind of and a cash taxes and cash interest is what you should expect from us. I hope that helps answer your question.
Adam Josephson: Sure. Thanks, Mike. And just one last one on resin appreciating that fluctuations and resins don't have a meaningful impact on your EBITDA, do you have a view as to what impact the additional polyethylene capacity that's being added in North America will have on domestic polyethylene prices overt thee next year or two years?
William Austen: Adam, this is Bill. This is just my view. I don't think there is going to be any impact downward on polyethylene prices in United States from the added capacity. Just my view, these guys do a great job of managing that capacity around the world, taking out older assets that are less efficient, running a more efficient assets and maintaining that balance between demand and supply.
Adam Josephson: Thanks a lot, Bill. Appreciate it.
William Austen: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Last one from me. Just as we think about the impact of the new ERP system, Mike, is any of that showing up in your working capital performance this year? How would that phase in? And recognizing that there is a risk of double accounting here, what kind of benefits do you expect to get from the ERP system in terms of working capital when the systems all implemented in the next couple of years. Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
William Austen: First of all, we're getting no benefit. Right now from the implementation of the ERP platform, I think last year, we got some inventory improvement. I think that was just get rid of some bad behaviors and I really haven't given a number yet going forward, but what the people are doing the work, the people that we brought in new employees that have done it in other places, truly believe that they can get 20% to 25% of the work in process out over a period of time. And so it's probably $50 million, $75 million, $100 million that would start coming in latter part of 2017, into 2018 and 2019.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Jason Freuchtel with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jason Freuchtel: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-ups. Have you seen any incremental business wins recently as a result of your new Innovation Center or how would you characterize the quantity of volumes that have – that have benefited from your Innovation Center, and does that Innovation Center serve customers, both in the U.S. and Global Packaging segments?
William Austen: Yes. Jason, the tail end of that first, it's a global center. We've had customers from every region of the world, come and collaborate with us in that facility. Since the facility has been open, we've had over 200 collaboration sessions with customers in that facility either using our labs, looking our equipment, doing some things differently, having ideation sessions. We – some of the recent wins that you may have seen in the marketplace is a flexible standup pouch for salad dressings that are single-served, on the go convenience type of products. All of the protein snacking that you might see out in the marketplace today that incorporate protein, whether it comes from cheese, processed meat, or nuts and dried fruits, those have all been innovated from our center. Some of the food service applications that we've had for the food service industry for cook-in types of products have been coming out of the Innovation Center, so I mean I could go on and on. The Center is at the heart of what we do, which is focusing on the customer, bringing the customer in, helping them innovate their products, so they can get their brand off-the-shelf faster than their competitors.
Jason Freuchtel: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have no further questions at this time.
William Austen: Excellent. Thank you, all for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: And that's concludes today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters - Director, Investor Relations Bill Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Krempa - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Matt Krueger - Robert W. Baird Scott Gaffner - Barclays Anthony Pettinari - Citi Mark Wilde - BMO Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Philip Ng - Jefferies Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank James Armstrong - Vertical Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Company hosted First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2016 conference call. Today is April 28, 2016. After today’s call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Controller, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike’s comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time, with a related follow-up and then fallback into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I will direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you will find our press release and supplemental schedules. In Mike’s discussion of the financials, he will specifically be referring to Pages 4 and 5 of the supplemental schedules. On today’s call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company’s regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these risk factors. Now, I will turn the call over to Bill Austen.
Bill Austen: Thank you, Erin and good morning everyone. As I look at the entirety of our business, there are many indications of continued progress towards our long-term goals. We increased gross profit margins 70 basis points over last year. We increased ROIC to 10.5% versus 9.9% one year ago. We announced another strategic acquisition, SteriPack, that supports our inorganic growth plans and we continue to execute our capital investment program to support growth and efficiency. I am pleased with the progress we are making at implementing our long-term strategy. However, in the short-term, our operational performance for the quarter was mixed. In the U.S., we performed very well. As expected, overall sales volumes were flat. Operationally, our U.S. business made great progress on margins, a good portion of which was driven by our asset recapitalization program. While I am proud of the performance our U.S. plants demonstrated this quarter, I don’t expect future improvements to be at this exceptionally high pace. In our global business, sales unit volumes were strong across all regions. We continue to see our strategy working as we leverage our technology and know-how globally to increase the sophistication level of packaging. However, we stumbled operationally in the two specific areas of our global business. In Latin America, we didn’t react to short-term order patterns by properly reducing costs. And in our newly expanded Oshkosh healthcare packaging facility, we underestimated the hiring timeline and learning curve associated with doubling the workforce and the impact it would have on the financials. Mike will provide additional color in a few minutes. But in short, we disappointed ourselves. Our teams are working to rectify these issues and reestablish an acceptable steady-state operating environment. I have complete confidence in the dedication and capability of our leadership and workforce to fully remedy the issues by the third quarter. Moving now to an update on our recent strategic acquisitions. We announced last week that we signed an agreement to purchase the healthcare packaging business of SteriPack. This is an excellent strategic acquisition for several reasons. First, while the healthcare packaging space tends to have a long gestation period for gaining new business organically, this acquisition fast tracks us with some strategic customers in the medical device packaging. We look forward to the inroads we will now have in this base of customers. Second, there is a geographical fit. We are acquiring a facility in Ireland just hours away from our legacy healthcare facility in Northern Ireland and we are also acquiring the packaging assets from a facility in the U.S. and one in Malaysia. Assets from these two locations will be integrated into our existing facilities in the U.S. and in Kuala Lumpur. Third, we see meaningful synergies from our capabilities in film coating technologies. Once qualified, we can start using Bemis-manufactured films in the converting process of the acquired business. After closing this transaction, I look forward to integrating the SteriPack business to create an even stronger, more customer-centric and more profitable Bemis healthcare packaging business. I welcome the SteriPack team to Bemis and look forward to their contributions to enhancing and growing our combined businesses. Now, an update on Emplal, the acquisition we closed in December. Integration is in the early stages and on schedule. We are solidifying our $7 million to $8 million synergy plan, which covers SG&A, procurement and plant and equipment rationalizations. We are starting to implement these plans and will fully realize the benefits in 2017. Turning to the topic of guidance, our intent is to reflect our expectations, expectations that are realistic. We are therefore trimming the top end of our 2016 EPS range fully on account of the operational inefficiencies in our Global Packaging segment that I mentioned earlier. This updated range of $2.68 to $2.78 assumes today’s currency exchange rate and also assumes Global Packaging segment will return to our originally expected profitability levels by the third quarter. In summary, while we had some operational struggles this quarter, I am very confident in our strategy and our desire to improve and our ability to create long-term shareholder value. My confidence is built on several things. One, we have the right people taking action in our global operating units, specifically in Latin America and our Oshkosh healthcare business. Two, our innovation pipeline remains strong, the rigor dedicated to this plan gives me clear line of sight to our growth. Three, we have the right capital plans in place and we are executing on our asset recapitalization program that is driving real margin improvement across all end markets in our U.S. business. And finally, we have the will and the sense of urgency to perform at a higher level each and everyday. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike for his comments on the financials. Mike?
Mike Clauer: Thanks, Bill and good morning. We reported adjusted earnings of $0.60 per share for the first quarter compared to $0.61 the prior year. Currency translation decreased EPS by approximately $0.03 versus 1 year ago primarily driven by currencies in Latin America that devalued against the dollar. From a total company perspective, we delivered solid improvement in gross margins during Q1 at 21.6%. This improvement was driven primarily by strong operational performance in our U.S. Packaging segment partially offset by challenges and portions of our global segment. Looking at Slide 4, some detail in U.S. Packaging. Sales dollars in our U.S. segment declined by 6.6% over the prior year. The decline in sales dollars was driven by contractual price reductions to pass through lower raw material costs, which is neutral to profit, along with lower sales mix from less differentiated products. Keep in mind that a lighter sales mix does not necessarily translate to less profit, a clear benefit from our asset recapitalization program that is increasing the margin profile of all product lines through increased run speeds, lower waste and overall efficiency improvements. Unit volumes were flat during the first quarter versus the prior year. U.S. Packaging operating profit return on sales was 15.4% compared to 13.5% last year. 50 to 60 basis points of this quarter’s improvement over the prior year first quarter was mat related to lower priced raw materials passing equally through the cost of goods sold line and the revenue line. I point this out because we do not consider this improvement when judging our performance against our long-term targets of 15% to 18% in this segment. And we will continue our strategic efforts to drive margins in the long-term regardless of what raw material prices do. The remainder of the improvement in margins this quarter was driven by manufacturing efficiencies primarily from our asset recapitalization programs. I do not anticipate this exceptional high pace to continue through the remainder of the year. Turning to Slide 5, moving to our Global Packaging segment, sales dollars were down 7.7% over the prior year. Currency translation reduced sales by 20.3%, driven by currencies in Latin America that devalued versus the prior first quarter. The December acquisition of Emplal contributed a 4% increase in sales over the prior year. As we integrate the Emplal business this year, it is becoming increasingly difficult to bifurcate the sales attributable to Emplal on a meaningful standalone basis as we optimize where things are being produced. Excluding the impact of currencies and acquisitions, our global segment delivered organic sales growth of 8.6% this quarter versus the prior year driven by unit volume increases of 3% and the remainder by selling price and mix. Adjusted Global Packaging operating profit return on sales was 5.3% compared to 8.8% last year. Currency translation negatively impacted operating profit by $3.8 million or about $0.03 a share of the total company’s earnings compared to the prior year. While our business in Europe and Asia performed quite well from both a volume and operational perspective, our Latin American healthcare business has struggled operationally. First, a bit of detail on our business in Latin America, which contributed approximately three quarters of the overall decline in our Global Packaging segment operating profit. Overall, sales volumes in Latin America were stronger than expected driven by our flexibles business. Our customers continue to transition to the high-end deli style meat packaging along with a variety of other products that are gaining tractions due to our efforts to lever our technology know-how globally. I am pleased with our continued progress of this companywide front. However, in Latin America’s rigid business, where we make products such as tubs for margarine, yogurt and ice cream, we did not perform well operationally during the quarter. Customer orders were softer than planned due to producers’ aggressive pricing actions that were initially resisted by the retailers and also due to a fire at one of our customers’ plants. We did not take out variable and semi-variable costs at a fast enough space, creating a $0.04 EPS drag during the quarter. We have already implemented corrective actions within our Latin American business, but we anticipate seeing hangover in the financials during the second quarter. Second, turning to the issues in our healthcare packaging business this quarter. As you may recall last year, we embarked on the closure of our healthcare packaging facility at Philadelphia and the expansion of our facility in Oshkosh, Wisconsin that will elevate our industry leading quality and support additional growth. By October of last year, we had achieved validation and product functional equivalency on our coder, the prominent piece of equipment which allowed us to ship commercial products from our expanded Oshkosh facility. As planned, our Philadelphia plant closed in January this year, at which time we have relocated the final remaining converting assets to Oshkosh. Over the last couple of quarters, we have almost doubled our workforce in Oshkosh to support the expansion and have done a reasonable job managing that. However, in Q1, as we move the final pieces of equipment to Oshkosh from Philadelphia, we struggled bringing the last large round of the new employees up to normal operating levels on these machines. It was a steep learning curve. And while our new workforce is motivated and well intended, the experience level cost higher waste, slower run speeds and duplicate cost and training. This resulted in a $0.02 negative EPS impact versus the prior year instead of the $0.005 improvement that was expected for the first quarter. While we are disappointed in the short-term financial results of the situation, improvement is underway and we anticipate the financial impact to be remedied by the third quarter and return the investment to its original financial objectives albeit a few quarters behind the schedule. Moving to Bemis consolidated results. Total company SG&A expense in the first quarter was $99.4 million as compared to $106.4 million last year. We continue to expect SG&A dollars to be flat on a full year basis in line with our long-term targets. Research and development expense for the quarter was $11.5 million flat with the prior year. This is an appropriate level to support new product innovation and future product commercialization. The income tax rate for the first quarter was 33%, in line with our expectations of full year tax rate slightly above 33%. Operating cash flow for the first quarter totaled $52.6 million, slightly less than my expectation due to inventory levels in U.S. Packaging. We continue to expect cash from operations in the range of $450 million to $500 million this year, which includes $50 million to $75 million of working capital takeout during 2016 primarily from global payment terms. As mentioned at the start of the year, I anticipate normal seasonality and cash flow throughout the year with cash from operations building from first quarter levels. Capital expenditures were $30.6 million this quarter. We continue to expect the full year CapEx will be approximately $200 million as we previously stated. Looking next on return on invested capital, our goal is to improve this metric year-over-year toward our long-term goal of being in the upper quartile of our peer group. In the first quarter, ROIC increased to 10.5% compared to 9.9% last year in Q1. During the first quarter, we repurchased 1 million shares for a total of $44.3 million. On February 4, our board increased the share repurchase authorization by 20 million shares. We anticipate buying these shares back over the next 3 to 5 years. In making this decision, we took a fresh look at our capital allocation strategy. I hold a high regard for our investment grade credit rating, particularly at this point in the cycle. We will prioritize capital spending for organic growth and efficiency improvements. We will return free cash flow to our shareholders over the long-term horizon. At March 31, the remaining board authorization for share repurchase was 22.4 million shares. Turning to EPS guidance, we are lowering the top end of our range by $0.05 fully on account of operational issues in Latin America and our Oshkosh healthcare packaging facility. We expect adjusted EPS for 2016 of $2.68 to $2.78 a share. The impact of currency translation and SteriPack acquisition that is planned to close soon, are both included in this range. Specifically, on currency translation, we have assumed the Brazilian real at 3.6 for the remainder of the year. And specifically on SteriPack, we expect $0.01 to $0.02 of EPS in the current year. Where we are within the EPS range of $2.68 to $2.78 will be dependent on volumes in our business, movement of currencies and our correction of short-term operational issues in our global segment. While I am disappointed with the issues encountered in global segment this quarter, I continue to remain confident in our ability to further improve financial performance to create long-term shareholder value in line with our targets. With that, I will turn the call over for questions.
Erin Winters: Operator, are there questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Couple of questions to start. Number one, recognizing that the operational issues were the reason why you lowered the top end of the guidance why did you maintain the low end of the guidance? Was it just cushion you had in the model? Was it a little bit of the benefit you are getting from Stericycle if you would comment there? And then again, within guidance, can you remind us, Bill, what are you looking for in terms of volumes for the two segments over the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Mike Clauer: George, this is Mike.
George Staphos: Hi, Mike.
Mike Clauer: I will talk about the range and then I will let Bill comment on volumes. We really didn’t have a lot of cushion. Why we held the bottom of the range is definitely the reais coming down has been a benefit and the addition of SteriPack has helped. I think everything else that we are looking at we see really no other problems at this point in time. And it’s really more a function of how quickly we get the operational issues improved. And at this point in time, we are feeling confident that, that will – that there will still be some drag in Q2, but we will get it back to where we want it to be in Q3. And then Bill?
Bill Austen: Yes. On volumes, George, what we said on the last call for U.S. Packaging volumes would be flat in the first half and pickup in the second half of the year for a plus 1 total year. We still see that in our sites. And on global, we see up 4% volume in – for 2016, that’s what we said on the last call and that’s where we are today still.
Erin Winters: Is there a follow-up a George? Do you have another question operator?
Operator: Yes. We will go next to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Matt Krueger: Hi, this is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. How are you guys doing today?
Bill Austen: We are doing fine. Thank you.
Matt Krueger: Great. Can you walk us through what you guys saw in terms of regional demand for the quarter and kind of what your outlook is for regional demand through the remainder of 2016?
Bill Austen: Sure. This is Bill. If you look at the overall company, if you go around the globe, U.S. Packaging is just what I just said. We see flat in the first half and our volumes picking up in the second half, primarily due to some innovation that comes on-stream and orders that come up on on-stream in the second half of the year versus the first half. If you look at the rest of the global business, demand is good. Order rates are good around the world. Latin America, Argentina is solid. We see good demand in Mexico. For flexibles, good demand in Brazil for flexibles. And coming out of the issue, the operational issues we had in Q1 based on margarine edible fat demands, those volumes are now starting to pick-up to levels that would be acceptable. Europe, we continue to see 1% growth across Europe in our protein business. And in Asia Pacific, we are continuing to see demands in that low single-digit range.
Matt Krueger: Okay, that’s helpful. And then one follow-up from me, understanding that inflecting raw material costs can impact the industry competition levels, how has competition trended across your various businesses and can you break that out by region as well?
Bill Austen: As we built our model around raw materials, we have taken the volatility out of our earnings due to whatever happens with raw materials, so we really don’t see our position impacted from a raw material perspective on the competitive front. What others have built into their models for raw materials, we don’t know. But ours, we see as – we built a sound model, where we don’t have variance in our earnings because of raw material.
Operator: And we will go next to Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Bill Austen: Hi Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Bill, Mike, just looking at the operational issues, specifically in Brazil you said you didn’t react quickly enough, I guess two parts on that. One is do you feel like there was a breakdown in the line of communication from the region back or was there some sort of hope that the volumes would recover. Can you just maybe walk us through sort of operationally how that came about?
Bill Austen: Yes, Scott. This is Bill.
Scott Gaffner: Hey Bill.
Bill Austen: We have a rigid business in Brazil. If you go through across the whole region, Argentina is in great shape, Mexico is in great shape, flexibles across the entire region was in great shape. So what were the operational issues we suffered was solely dedicated to our rigid business in Brazil. A large percentage of that business is dedicated to manufacture of margarine tubs. The margarine producers jacked prices up. The retailers pushed back. They squelched our volumes and what our team did down there was what most teams would do, think that those volumes are going to come back and they waited too long. Coupled with that, one of our large margarine producers happen to have a plant fire, so the plant fire took several weeks out of production at one of our facilities, compounded with the fact that retailers stopped drawing margarine. It’s costly to take variable cost out meaning severance charges are expensive in Brazil. Our team thought this was going to be a short-term issue, meaning weeks. It turned out to be quarter-long, so they struggled. And it wasn’t a communication issue. It was a decision they made not to take out the variable, semi-variable costs because they thought the volumes were going to come back. They didn’t. We are now much – we are in a much better position now, having gotten in line. Orders are ramping back up again, coming back to normal levels in that margarine segment. And the fire, that plant is back up and running again.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. So when you said the operational inefficiencies would be fully recovered in the third quarter, we should expect some gradual improvement in the second quarter, is that the best way to think about it?
Bill Austen: Yes, ramping up through the second quarter. It’s not something that we are going to get in line tomorrow. It will take the quarter to get it back in line.
Mike Clauer: Scott, this is Mike. Also keep in mind we are actually – I am going to make a – I want you all to read this. We are going to take capacity down, meaning we are going to take shifts out. We might – if the plant has 20 pieces of equipment, we might take two down because that was the other part of the problem, was they had staffed themselves to forecast that wasn’t being hit. What we are going to do now is we are going to use over time to flex manufacturing up in the event we get a spike in production.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just a question on the M&A pipeline, I was wondering if you could talk generally about availability of attractive assets and the multiples you are seeing. And then following SteriPack, is healthcare – is it safe to say healthcare kind of remains the most likely target of M&A. And then during the quarter, you had a large global competitor that bought, I think the largest flexible packager in Latin America, is that a business that you compete against or was it one that you looked at or if you can give any color there?
Mike Clauer: Yes. I will start with the Techpack down in Latin America. Number one, we don’t compete with them at all. We don’t – we are not in the same markets. We had spent time with the company about a year ago. It’s a nice business. There had been a lot of talk. It was going to come into a process. I applaud Amcor for being preemptive. I think it’s a nice foothold for them. I don’t feel bad about it because I don’t view it as changing any of the competitive landscape in Latin America. As far as our pipeline, yes there is a lot of activity going on. There is assets coming into the market. Healthcare again, as you indicated would be a high priority of ours, but also geographic expansion. So we are excited about SteriPack and we have other things that we are working on. Multiples, we are still seeing for kind of food, flexible food type assets, you are 8x, 9x-ish. In healthcare, you are going to be 9x to 11x depending on the asset and the growth profiles. But that’s kind of what we continue to see.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then maybe for Bill just kind of a bigger picture question, as you come in, you are sort of shaking up the innovation function and tried to take a fresh look at the portfolio and Bemis obviously has leadership in food and bev and healthcare packaging, I am just wondering as you kind of take a fresh look, are there other packaging categories, I don’t know protective packaging for instance, where we are seeing a lot of growth and competitor margins look pretty attractive or do you think Bemis’ capabilities in innovation would be a good entry point and is it possible to, I don’t know size the opportunity there or is that something that you could do in 2017, 2018, just kind of any thoughts that you have there?
Bill Austen: Yes. Bigger picture, if you step back and you look at what we are today, we are very focused on polymer-based packaging. So you are not going to see things like paper and liner board and things like that for us to look at in adjacency in, Anthony. We are going to look at adjacencies that are in the polymer space and it would be polymer barrier, alright. So any other types of polymer-based packaging that would incorporate barrier, incorporate high graphics, incorporate barrier fitments. Those are the areas that we have on our radar screen that we have on our list of other types of technologies that we want to get into, where we could leverage our material chemists and our material science guys to create something different. So those are the spaces that we are looking at.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning.
Bill Austen: Hey, Mark.
Mark Wilde: First question I had, North American volumes were flat in the quarter, but I know that you have actually been picking up volume in some markets like that bread bag business that you would put capital into. So Bill, can you just help us understand sort of where the different puts and takes are in the domestic business in the North American business?
Bill Austen: Yes, I think as you look at Q1, Mark, some of – there is always some seasonality on what would be the higher margin profile types, meat, cheese types of markets in Q1. You come out of a Q4, where a lot of companies build up their inventories. They slow down in Q1 and they start to pick up toward the tail end of Q1, but you don’t see those sales into Q2, Q3 for, I hate to say it, but summer grilling season and a lot kind of stuff, right, that’s where you see that pickup. But if you look at what’s going on with us right now in U.S., for the last two quarters, our recap program is starting to gain a lot of traction and you are seeing those what we would call our less differentiated products picking up the volumes of the down seasonality in the higher end, higher barrier end of the markets, so that we have got a much better position from a volume perspective, which has been our strategy all along with that recap program to attack the less differentiated products, so we can continue to grow margins and maintain and grow volumes in that end of the business.
Mark Wilde: Yes. But if your overall volume is flat and you are picking up volume because of this recap activity, does that actually mean like the seasonality perhaps in some of the businesses like protein was actually sharper than normal? And so you actually had kind of negative year-over-year volumes?
Bill Austen: Well, if you look – if you went to the IRI data, you would see that some of those protein markets were down in Q1. So, we just follow that seasonality down in Q1, comes back in Q2 because now the customers are filling their pipelines again. And we have made up those volumes in the less-differentiated product categories.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just to kind of follow on this a little more, one of the big paperboard packaging companies yesterday said that they were seeing better volumes in recent months from kind of food processors and other food-related businesses. Are you seeing any of that?
Bill Austen: I can’t specifically say that we are seeing it from any one specific food processor, Mark, but we are seeing volumes – we are seeing increasing volume in our less differentiated product categories.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning. Bill, just one on Avery Dennison’s announcement yesterday, they are buying the Mactac Europe business. Obviously, they are paying more for just the Europe piece than you sold the business for a little under a couple of years ago. Are you surprised by what private equity is able to sell that piece of the business for? And do you have any regrets about selling it when you did?
Bill Austen: No, not at all, Adam. Quite frankly, we looked at that scenario, but based on antitrust issues that we would have had the leftover U.S. piece and nothing to do with it. We wouldn’t have had any exit strategy for the U.S. had we sold the European piece outright. So, no, not surprised, it’s what we had thought.
Adam Josephson: Okay. And just one on buybacks, what is your view of buybacks at current levels?
Mike Clauer: Well, my view of buybacks is kind of what I said in my comment is that we are going to return our free cash flow to our shareholders over a 3-year to 5-year period of time via dividend and share repurchase.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Can you provide a sense of what the margin profile is for SteriPack and type of synergies you expect to realize over time? And then separately, if I remember correctly, margins in healthcare was probably middle of the pack among your different verticals, do you now have enough scale where you can bridge that gap over time?
Mike Clauer: First of all, the margin profile of SteriPack was very comparable to our existing business, so low single-digits. So, we are excited with that. It’s low-teens.
Erin Winters: Low-teens.
Mike Clauer: I am sorry, low-teens. The synergies we see with SteriPack, number one, the biggest synergy is the fact that once we can get our films qualified, we will be able to use that in their packaging business. So today, they are going to be buying most of their film structures from outside of competitors of Bemis, so that’s a pretty meaningful synergy. Also moving those, the production into – in the U.S. and Malaysia into our facilities, there is quite a bit of margin enhancement just from those plants where we are really being used for the piece of business that the founders are going to keep, which is contract manufacturing. So, we will get a nice margin uplift there. And as Bill mentioned, we have no intentions of a facility consolidation, but we have two plants now within a couple of hours of each other that we will definitely go after the SG&A side of that equation to make sure we run both those plants as kind of one plant over a long period of time. So, those are the type of synergies that we fully expect. We don’t see any this year. And a lot of that’s just really driven by as you guys know in the healthcare packaging, things take a little bit of time to get qualified.
Philip Ng: And the low-teen margins, is that EBITDA margin or EBIT margin?
Erin Winters: OP.
Mike Clauer: OP.
Bill Austen: Yes, EBIT.
Philip Ng: Okay, alright. Got it. And then last one from me, with the B cycle turning in North America and perhaps protein getting a little better as well, can you size that opportunity for you in the grand scheme of things? Is that about like 5% of your business in U.S. Packaging or a little less?
Mike Clauer: Shrink bags, right?
Philip Ng: Yes.
Erin Winters: Yes. We are primarily processing as you know Phil. Our shrink bags business in the U.S. is relatively small, $150 million or so. So, it’s a space for us to improve, but most of our meat would be in processed.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Debbie Jones: Hi, good morning.
Bill Austen: Hi, Debbie.
Debbie Jones: Just to go back to the healthcare facility in Oshkosh, are you making product at this point that can be delivered to the customer? And then what would or could you think you could have done differently?
Bill Austen: Debbie, we have been making and shipping product since October...
Debbie Jones: Yes, I guess on the expansion, the specific expansion.
Bill Austen: Yes, yes. From the expansion, we have been shipping product from October. We moved the last piece – several pieces of equipment in late December, January into that facility from Philadelphia and it was bringing the labor force up on those critical pieces of equipment where we stumbled. And it was – we are now producing at above the levels we need to be at to work through the backlog. So, we have been shipping from there right throughout the whole cycle.
Debbie Jones: Okay. My second question something related to George’s initial one about guidance, you didn’t take down your CFO guidance and I am just curious, is that – one is SteriPack going to be cash flow positive this year and this suggests you are kind of tracking at the higher end of your internal assumptions?
Mike Clauer: Well, to be completely honest, I mean the reason we didn’t move on our free cash flow guidance is because our outlook and our projections still suggest that, that’s a very achievable number. And I would expect a modest add to cash flow as a result of SteriPack during the year.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical. Please go ahead.
James Armstrong: Hi, it’s James Armstrong for Chip. First question I had is on the Oshkosh, Wisconsin healthcare packaging facility. Why put that in the Global Packaging segment? Should it not be in the U.S.? And what proportion of that facility actually gets exported?
Bill Austen: The reason that healthcare packaging is in global is because that’s a global, around the world business for us. We have plants everywhere that serve the same customers with the same specs. So, we add that into the global business and not part of the U.S. business. We don’t have broken out what components might get shipped from there that end up going outside of the United States. We would ship to somebody in the U.S. and then they might ship it outside the U.S.
James Armstrong: Okay, that makes sense. Switching gears, just could you review how the roll off of lost business in early ‘15, really referring to the Capri Sun and beverage wrap, will occur through 2016? Is it all pretty much done or will it be over the entire year?
Mike Clauer: It’s going to be – it’s going to continue in both Q1 and Q2. And I think somebody asked an earlier question, was flat good? Flat was good from the standpoint we were still lapping the Capri Sun business in Q1 and will continue in Q2.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Good morning. Thank you. I guess just trying to reconcile a couple of things we are seeing in the industry. Many of your upstream suppliers are speaking of very strong volumes in packaging and many of the downstream packagers like yourself and some other folks and then what we are seeing in the Nielsen data is relatively muted, flat to low single-digit growth, I am just trying to understand why the polyethylene price increases are going through and what kind of volumes you guys see for the rest of the year, if that could increase sequentially?
Bill Austen: Sure. I can’t speak to what’s going on with polyethylene prices other than there was a nickel that was – went into the market in March, that’s a function of the polyethylene providers’ capacity, capacity utilization, what outages they have coming, which outages are underway right now. So I can’t speak to that. I can speak to the fact that there was a nickel that went in, in March. Volumes, we are on our track for volumes right now. We said we would be flat in the first half. We still see that is happening and we see volumes in the back half of the year in U.S. Packaging being up for a total year of plus one. And globally, we are seeing good, solid demands across the globe in all of our global packaging entities in Latin America, Asia, Europe and healthcare. So we are on our pace to where we wanted to be in 2016.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. And then just as a follow-up, maybe you can just give us an update on the asset recap program, maybe what inning you are in and how you see that playing out for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Bill Austen: Yes. Just go back to our CapEx guidance this year. We are on pace to hit that. We re continuing with our asset recapitalization program in North America with presses, rewinders, film lines, taking out old equipment, bringing in new, reducing our costs, expanding our margins. That’s the plan we have been on and that’s what we are going to stay on. We are still in the early innings there as we have 27 plants across the U.S. And there is a portion of recap that can certainly be utilized in all those plants. But we prioritize them using 15% return on invested capital over a 5-year average and that is what we are continuing to pace and see with all the projects that are coming in. So you are going to see our recap program continue to gain traction through 2016.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Manuel: Good morning gentlemen or I guess good afternoon now, I apologize. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I do have one follow-up though, one question. But before I say that, thank you much for the color, it’s very refreshing that you are so transparent about where the problems are and helping us quantify them without digging it out, so difficult. My question is it sounds like with the Oshkosh facility that’s coming on-stream, well as we sit today just a little bit delayed, it sounds like you are going to be putting some more business through there, what you bought with the most recent acquisition. Once you get that all kind of layered in or get all the facilities together, where are you going to be sitting on the utilization rate or how do you feel you will be for utilization in the healthcare business or do you still have – I guess really, what I am trying to get is do you have a lot of room yet to grow there?
Bill Austen: Yes. Chris, we have room to grow in the healthcare space, okay. Because basically when we move from Philly to Oshkosh, it was a new facility, but it also recapped that new facility because of all the older assets, slower speeds, narrower webs that we are running through the Philadelphia facility. So we have got room to grow within the healthcare space as we built out that new facility. And it was done with that in mind.
Chris Manuel: Alright. It sounds like with SteriPack as well, you were intending to transition them to some of your coated films and such I am guessing that’s coming out of that facility as well?
Bill Austen: Yes. And in Europe as well, Chris.
Chris Manuel: Okay, that’s helpful. Another follow-up question I had was as you are seeing some of the new business wins and those will begin to really trickle through, I guess in more earnest over the balance of the year, can you maybe give us some color as to what categories or areas that you are seeing the most opportunity today as well as – I mean usually, you always have some businesses that are kind of growing, some that are shrinking, but maybe if you can give us a sense of where you are seeing the most growth, the most opportunities within the markets and where quite frankly, maybe some of the areas that you are seeing a little bit of shrinkage?
Bill Austen: I will address where we are seeing the project activity, I guess is the best way for me to put it. And that, when I say project activity those are stage gate projects. We are seeing good stage gate projects and traction in liquid. Again that’s the conversion of glass and cans to flexibles. Protein, good projects in the protein space, we are also seeing good projects and commercialization of projects in the medical space, which is for film and coated Tyvek. So as well as in pharma with our CXB product and that’s a global product that we are taking to all the pharma companies around the world. So we have got good traction through stage gate in basically the vast majority of our segments.
Operator: And we will take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks for taking my follow-up. I guess first thing I want to come to is when we look at the asset recapitalization program, Mike you said – and Bill you said we won’t see this repeat in terms of margin performance at the same pace in the next few quarters, I was wondering if you could – I saw the fact that you did pretty well in the first quarter, provide some color as to why you think the pace of improvement won’t continue at the same rate. And then as you look at the mix of returns that you are getting across the end markets that you are running now more efficiently because of the recap program, what’s been some of the surprises, either positively or negatively in terms of return by end market, would you be able to talk to that a little bit? Thanks.
Bill Austen: Sure. George, the first part of your question has to do with why we won’t see that extraordinary ramp up of margins as we go through the rest of the year.
George Staphos: Yes. I am assuming it was tough comps. I just want to hear from you guys.
Bill Austen: Yes. No, you just recall, this is first quarter. So at the end of the year, we got a lot of equipment that comes down for maintenance, for outages, for the holidays. And normally, as you ramp that equipment back up again, you incur a lot of waste, a lot of scrap, you are not quite there with throughput, you are not running the right spec. We had a great startup in North America this year, okay. That being completely transparent, we had really good startup in North America. Again, that goes to good effort by our plant teams, newer equipment that starts up easier, starts up quicker, doesn’t have all the startup waste that some of the older equipment might have had. So on a year-over-year, first quarter to first quarter basis, we might have seen 40 basis points to 50 basis points of margin improvement just from that lower waste, lower scrap, getting online quicker than we have in the past. And second part of your question about margins across segments, when we put in those recap pieces of equipment, we step up margin without – as we have talked, without having to adjust market pricing. So we are able to do that across the board, whether it’s in bread bags, whether it’s in non-barrier polyethylene type markets. And we are going to continue to do that as we go forward. I can’t give you specific numbers across those market segments, but just know that we are expanding margins in that less differentiated product categories.
Mike Clauer: George, this is Mike. And just to clarify my comment, our guidance for U.S. pack, our guidance would suggest U.S. Packaging for the balance of the year would be 70 basis point to 90 basis point improvement, I just didn’t want people running away with 190, thinking that’s where we are going to stay at that pace. We are still going to stay at what I consider a really good pace as we drive towards our long-term horizon goals.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Yes. I got a couple of follow-ups. One, can you just – can you talk about where that kind of flat film rollout or build out is right now?
Bill Austen: Sure Mark. We have received some nice orders from a large processor here in the United States and we are ramping up the sales of that product to that customer and we will be fully on-stream in Q3 with that customer at full run rate orders.
Mark Wilde: And then the other question I had – the other follow-up I had is just I wonder if you could talk about this $20 million share repurchase authorization just in terms of sort of the change in kind of strategy that it might represent for Bemis going forward, because it is a big change from the way you have used repurchase in the past?
Mike Clauer: Yes, this is – it’s really about the allocation. We put a lot of effort into the optimum ratings that we wanted. And the work that was completed suggests that our current rating of investment grade, BBB for better terms is where we should be, but that doesn’t suggest, number one that we have to have leverage down at 2.1x. It says we can be more comfortable at 2.5x. And the big change in the strategy is we are going to prioritize first our needs for growth and recapitalization of CapEx. And then put it simply, we are going to return free cash flow to our shareholders via dividend and the share repurchase. And we will use leverage to do our acquisitions. That’s the simplest way I can put it, Mark, of how we are looking at this going forward. And we are always going to be looking on a forward horizon and what we feel about our free cash flow and what kind of M&A activity might be imminent. And if there is nothing imminent that we need, we would return that cash to our shareholders.
Operator: And we will go next to George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Some last ones from me just to finish up. Obviously, you have got your hand on the pulse in terms of the operational issues in the Global Packaging segment. From where we sit, obviously, we are not to be able to get a heck of a lot of visibility in terms of how you are proceeding against your plan for obvious reasons. If you were in our shoes, aside from second quarter reporting season and the results that you put out in your comments there, is there anything – any mile markers you would guide us to, to know or have a bit more comfort that you are resolving those operational issues? That’s question number one. My question number two, I think you mentioned that working capital was a little bit below – or efficiency was a little bit below your plan for the quarter. Can you remind us what was driving that? And then lastly, you said you talked about capital structure and the cycle suggesting you have a view on where we are in the cycle. And if you do, could you sort of add a bit more color there in terms of your expectations for the next couple of years? Thanks.
Mike Clauer: Okay. First of all, there is – I mean, we don’t talk in between quarter ends, so unfortunately, there really would be no way for you to know if things are getting better prior to us releasing Q2 earnings. So, that’s just – that’s a fact.
George Staphos: But if we see better margin trends out of Latin America, I guess that would be one minor signpost, but anything else like that?
Mike Clauer: You would see it in Q2, the Global Packaging margins get back on pace with where they should be like that would be an indicator that it’s improving. The comment on over the cycle on investment grade, we don’t have visibility into where we are in the cycle. What we did is we looked at a 10-year period of time and the optimum level to be at from a borrowing perspective. And quite honestly, from how.....
Bill Austen: Availability.
Mike Clauer: Availability in the markets and also linked to how stock of companies perform that is just the best place to be over a long period of time. I mean, so that was meant by that comment.
George Staphos: Understood. And the working capital?
Mike Clauer: On the working capital, yes, we missed – my internal expectations, was about a $9 million miss and that was primarily in heavier inventories in our U.S. operations. I think it’s pretty hard to peg this thing exactly where it needs to be on a quarter-to-quarter basis. However, we have sat down with the group and they fully understand that we have cash flow – operating cash flow objectives like we have the EPS objectives. And there is an expectation that we get this inventory back to where we, including the business that actually helped develop those objectives get it back in line as we go through the year.
George Staphos: Okay, thank you.
Mike Clauer: You are welcome.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to hand it back over to our speakers for any final remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today and this concludes our conference call.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Frederick Searby - Dunbar Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Company Hosted Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead.
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2015 conference call. Today is January 28, 2016. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer, and our Vice President and Controller, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time, with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional question. At this time, I'll direct you to our website bemis.com under the Investor Relations tab where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedule. In Mike's discussion of the financials, he'll specifically be referring to page five of the supplemental schedule. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking, and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed form 10-K to review these risk factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill Austen.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Erin, and good morning everyone. I'm pleased with the strong performance Bemis delivered in 2015. We exceeded my expectations and made great progress toward our long-term financial objectives. I couldn't be more proud of the effort and execution demonstrated by our global team throughout 2015. Looking at the full year. We achieved record adjusted earnings per share of $2.55, almost an 11% increase over last year, despite currency translation headwinds of $0.16 per share. We increased gross profit margins 170 basis points over the last year, driven by productivity improvements from our asset recapitalization program, mix benefits from our focus on innovation and strong operational performance across the entire company. We increased operating profit return on sales in our U.S. Packaging segment to 14.3% a 140 basis points point increase over the prior year, reflecting great progress toward our long-term goal of 15% to 18% in this segment. We increased adjusted operating profit return on sales in our Global Packaging segment to 8.8% a 120 basis point increase over the prior year, and above pace toward our goal of double-digit returns in this segment, over the three year to give year horizon. We increased ROIC to 10.5% versus 9.7% one year ago. We generated $552 million of operating cash flow more than doubling last year's performance in this area. An example of the focus, discipline, accountability and urgency we are driving throughout the company. We acquired the rigid plastic operation of Emplal in Brazil during December, a step toward our long term inorganic growth targets. We continued to focus on innovation as reflected in our product vitality measure, which continued at 15% this year, in line with our strategy and expectations. We invested $219 million in capital to expand and improve our business, positioning us well for additional margin expansion in 2016, and we returned value to shareholders through our 32 annual dividend increase, and through the repurchase of 3.3 million shares of stock. We have initiated change and improved performance this year at Bemis. We will continue to execute our strategy of accelerating growth, focusing innovation and continuously improving all we do to deliver continued return on sales and ROIC improvement during 2016. I'll now turn the call over to Mike to discuss details of our 2015 financial performance and 2016 guidance. Then I'll come back to discuss my view of priorities as we enter 2016. Mike?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Bill and good morning. We reported adjusted earnings of $0.60 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.55 for the full year of 2015, a 5.3% increase over the prior fourth quarter and 10.9% increase over the prior year. This includes overcoming a currency translation headwind of approximately $0.04 per share during the fourth quarter and $0.16 per share for the full year, primarily driven by currencies in Latin America that devalued against the dollar. We delivered solid improvement in gross margins for the full-year 2015 at 21.5%, compares to 19.8% in the prior year. This improvement was driven by the benefits of our asset recapitalization program in increasing the margin profile of our existing business and by improved price mix as we execute our strategy to sell a higher portion of sophisticated packages. I will comment next on each reportable segment followed by overall company performance, and then wrap up with guidance for 2016. First U.S. Packaging, following page five of the supplemental schedules posted on our website, sales dollars in our U.S. segment declined by 4% for the full year 2015. Excluding the impact of the 2014 Paper Packaging divestiture, net sales decreased 2.7%. Overall unit volumes were down approximately 2% for the full year 2015 as compared to 2014. As discussed throughout the year about two-thirds of this unit volume decline was driven by our pricing decision to exit some low-margin bottled water overwrap business and the remainder was driven by a select customer who lost share with their beverage pouches at the retail level. Specific to Q4, volume was up 2%, better than previous quarters in 2015. However, a single quarter doesn't form a trend and the bottled water overwrap and beverage pouch comps won't fully lapse until Q2 of 2016. Aside from volume, net sales in U.S. Packaging were impacted by contractual price reductions to pass-through lower raw material cost throughout the year which for all intents and purposes is neutral to profit. Partially offset by favorable mix in line with our strategy. U.S. Packaging operating profit return on sales for 2015 was 14.3% compared to 13.1% the prior year, great progress towards our goals of 15% to 18% over our strategic horizon. This improvement was driven by operational efficiency from our asset recapitalization programs, favorable sales mix and continued diligence in controlling cost. Moving to our Global Packaging segment. Net sales for 2015 were down 10.7%, currency translation reduced sales by 18.2% driven by currencies in Latin America that significantly devalued throughout the year. The December acquisition of Emplal contributed 0. 3% increase when included in full year net sales, excluding the impact of currencies and acquisition, our global business delivered strong organic growth of 7.2% in 2015, driven fully by positive sales price and mix. Overall, Global Packaging units were flat during 2015. Some regional details. As expected, unit volumes were up single-digits in Europe, Asia and healthcare excluding Latin American healthcare products. Overall unit volume decreased in Latin America were result of a tough economic environment in the region. However, even in Latin America, we saw positive mix from increased sales of high barrier packages, particularly for meat and other proteins. We are pleased with the success we continue to have globally and growing sales of this sophisticated packaging. Global Packaging operating profit return on sales for 2015 was 8.8% compared to 7.6% the prior year, on pace towards that goal of a 10% plus over our strategic horizon. Higher returns in Global Packaging were a result of improved price mix from sales of meat and cheese, dairy, liquid and also Healthcare Packaging. Currency translation negatively impacted operating profit by $24 million for the year or about $0.16 a share of the total company's earnings. This negative impact is related primarily to translation of profits in Brazil to the U.S. dollar, compared to the prior full-year. Currency was a challenge in 2015, but I'm pleased with our performance in local currency, where we are improving returns and growing sales of sophisticated packaging. Now on to consolidated Bemis. Total Bemis Company SG&A expense for the full year was $420 million basically flat with last year. We continue to be focused on implementing discipline and accountability to keep SG&A dollars flat over our long-term. Research and development expense for the full year was $44 million, flat with the prior year. We see this as the appropriate level to support new product innovation and commercialization. The income tax rate for 2015 was 33.6% in line with our expectations. We anticipate the tax rate for 2016 to be slightly above 33%. Cash flow from operations for the full-year 2015 totaled $552 million above my expectation of $500 million and a vast improvement over the $248 million last year. Most of our improvement year-over-year came from our sharp focus on working capital, which was a use of cash in 2014, but a strong source of cash in 2015 as we extended payable terms and managed inventory levels well. I also recognize that the mathematical flow through of lower raw material cost during 2015 bolstered our cash flow by approximately $20 million to $25 million. As you may recall on Investor Day, we shared our targets to reduce primary working capital as a percentage of sales to the 14% to 16% range by the end of 2016, which equated to taking out approximately $140 million of primary working capital throughout 2015 and 2016. During 2015, we realized approximately $110 million of this improvement, primarily driven by improved payment terms with our vendors. Capital expenditures in 2015 were $219 million, in line with our expectations. Incremental spend in 2015 funded our asset recapitalization program, as well as expansions to support projected growth. Look next at return on invested capital. Our goal is to improve this metric year-over-year toward our long-term goal of being in the upper quartile of our peer group. In 2015, ROIC increased to 10.5% compared to 9.7% in 2014. This improvement is driven by sound capital investments that meet or beat our 15% ROIC hurdle rate over a five-year period, and our improvements in working capital. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1 million shares for a total of $45.8 million for the full year 2015, we purchased a total of 3.3 million shares for $150.1 million. At December 31, the remaining board authorization for share repurchase was 3.4 million shares. Now turning to guidance. Established adjusted EPS range for 2016 of $2.68 to $2.83, which is in line with our long-term targeted strategy to increase EPS by 10% annually on a currency neutral basis. Currency translation will continue to challenge us in 2016. Our guidance assumes foreign currencies remain at current levels, specifically, since we have a significant business in Latin America, I will mention that the mid-point of our guidance assumes the Brazil real at 4.1 to the U.S. dollar. With this assumption, we have naturally accounted for a $0.10 per share impact from the currency in our 2016 guidance versus 2015 actuals. Specific to the Brazil reais the majority of this headwind will occur in the first two quarters of 2016. Next, I will discuss a few unique items that we have considered in our EPS guidance range. First, the benefit of our acquisition of Emplal, our EPS guidance range includes approximately $0.02 to $0.03 from our recently acquired business in Brazil, dependent on timing of synergy impacts. In these early stages after the December acquisition, we are developing our execution plan. We have identified $7 million to $8 million of synergies in the form of SG&A, procurement and plant and equipment rationalizations. We will start implementing these in 2016 and fully realize the benefits in 2017. Second, the benefit of our healthcare expansion. Our EPS guidance range includes about $0.03 per share related to the expansion of our healthcare operations in Wisconsin. Based on our successful completion of the project in December, we fully realize the expected 200 basis point margin improvement in our U.S. healthcare business during 2016. We're pleased to start out the year with this momentum that will elevate our industry-leading quality in the Healthcare Packaging space. Third, interest expense. Our EPS guidance range includes a headwind of approximately $6 million from interest expense as a result of generally higher interest rates following the forward curve. The remaining year-over-year increase in EPS reflects the improvement that will result as we continue to see margin benefits from our asset recapitalization program. And we continue to execute our strategy to sell more higher margin products while controlling cost. Where we are in the EPS range of $2.68 to $2.83 will depend on further movement of currencies, the successful commercialization of new products, and volumes in our business. Similar to history, you continue to expect second quarters and third quarters to be seasonally stronger, while the first quarters and the fourth quarters are typically lighter. An additional unique comp to recall is that the first quarter of 2015, we had a one-time $3 million tailwind from resin driven by the abnormal decrease in resin prices for four consecutive months during that timeframe. Turning to capital expenditure guidance for 2016, we continue to expect to spend $200 million per year, of this about $60 million is for maintenance and safety at our 60 plants around the world. That leaves approximately $140 million, which we target roughly half for growth projects to support new high-barrier, innovative applications and the other half for asset recapitalizations that support all of our end markets, including those that are less differentiated. And finally, we have established 2016 guidance for cash from operations in the range of $450 million to $500 million. As I mentioned earlier at Investor Day, we committed to taking out approximately $140 million of primary working capital by the end of 2016. While we realized approximately $110 million of this in 2015, I expect to see another $50 million to $75 million of working capital takeout take out during 2016, primarily from global payment terms improving. This will drive us to the low-end of our target, primary working cap percentage of net sales range of 14% to 16%. I anticipate normal seasonality in cash flow throughout the year with cash from operations lighter in the first quarter and then building from there. In summary, I remain confident in our business and in our ability to further improve financial performance to create long-term shareholder value. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill for his comments on 2016.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. As I look to 2016, a few items are key to our continued financial performance. First, we must continue to execute on our asset recapitalization projects in the U.S. that are delivering margin improvement. We started this initiative in 2014 when we increased our capital spend to D&A levels. Our asset recapitalization support all of our end markets, including those that are less differentiated. My view is that there's no such thing as bad business. It's simply up to us to find ways to improve the margin profile of products, where there's a market price or heavy competition, such as candy bar wrappers or bread bags. Our asset recapitalization of printing presses and slitters does just that. Helps us be more efficient in producing products that are less differentiated. I am pleased with the margin and ROIC impact these recapitalizations have had thus far and in my view, it is critical that we continue executing these projects that meet and/or beat our 15% ROIC hurdle rate, during the next couple of years. Not only do these recapitalizations help increase our margin profile, but they also help us maintain unit volumes in less differentiated products. Second, during 2016, we will continue to focus our innovation efforts and commercialize new products across our entire business to spur growth. Our innovation pipeline of new products is strong and includes a wide variety of new packaging launches, everything from aseptic bulk liquid packaging for fruits and vegetables, to skin film for fresh meat in Europe, to protective films used in the electronics industry in Asia, to high barrier film for transdermal patches. Most of our new innovations serve developed markets around the world. But we'll also continue to share our existing innovations globally in Latin America and Asia. Our existing packaging technology is new to these developing regions where we continue to see the demand for more sophisticated packaging. A couple of great examples of global technology sharing: one, retortable films technology that we developed in Asia has now transferred to Latin America for local manufacture and sale of tuna packaging. And two, hard-to-hold liquid technology developed in U.S. is now being used in Latin America to package motor oil. We are well positioned to meet the growing needs and packaging demands in these evolving economies. And we are working cohesively across the globe to leverage our technologies, but I believe we can drive this effort harder. Innovation is important to our growth. And I'm confident in our process and plans to execute in 2016. Turning for a minute to my view on growth in 2016. In North America, I anticipate market demand for packaged foods to be flat to slightly down. I expect our business to grow above this at approximately 1% driven by new innovations that grow our high-technology business and by our asset recapitalization program that will help us maintain overall volumes in our less differentiated product lines. These two in combination will deliver overall unit volume growth in our U.S. business. Based on my current view, I would anticipate volumes in the second half of 2016 to be slightly better than the first half of the year. In our global business, I expect us to grow in Europe, Asia, and our healthcare business at approximately 4%. In Latin America where the environment remains tough, I expect us to grow slightly in 2016. Circling back to the key items of our success in 2015, the final piece is our relentless pursuit of continuous improvement in all we do. Here are just a few examples. We will continue to manage SG&A cost targeting flat dollars over our long-term planning horizon. We will continue to find ways to improve our operations such that our cost takeout programs overcome annual inflation. We will continue to control and decrease working capital globally in the form of inventory reductions and increased payable terms, all in support of generating cash. We will continue with the rigor and accountability in our capital expansions including finding new opportunities and executing our existing projects to plan. I am confident as we begin 2016. Our focus on customers is more intense than ever when we help our customers succeed, we succeed. Our culture continues to evolve toward high performance. We have momentum from our success in 2015 and we have high expectations of ourselves. And we will continue to aggressively execute our strategy in 2016 to increase earnings and create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Just to clarify on the volume outlook in 2016, I think you said U.S. volumes would be up 1% and maybe better in the second half than the first half, and you referenced I guess 2Q is when a specific customer loss was lapped. Is that correct? And then, I mean, for the first quarter, could volume still be flattish or negative or just how do you think about the trajectory of that volume growth in the U.S. as you kind of go through 2016?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Anthony this is Bill. The way you described it is correct. What you heard on the call was correct. And yes, we see first quarter could be flat, because we still have not lapped some of the loss business if you will. So we see second half, we have much better visibility, much into our innovation pipeline, the commercialization of products that are going to hit in the second half is going to drive those volume increases higher in the second half than the first half, once we lap some of that business that was lost in the first half of 2015.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Great, that's helpful. And then just thinking about capital allocation for 2016. Obviously you bought back a little bit more stock, how do you think about the M&A environment versus share repurchases and are there other opportunities like Emplal and with valuations coming down especially in emerging markets. So, are you seeing – how are you seeing that pipeline?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Anthony this is Mike. I mean, as we've stated in the past, we're not going to de lever the company. So, if there is no acquisitions available, we would buy back stock. There are a few things we're looking at right now, nothing is eminent, but I feel like we've got a pretty nice pipeline being developed, and that's what I have to say for now.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning. This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. How are you guys doing today?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Doing well. Thank you.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. And then my first question is on the Global Packaging, organic results, can you break those out by volumes versus pricing, both as a whole and then kind of by region in terms of Europe, healthcare, Latin America and then Asia?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I got it.
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You got it, Bill?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If you're talking about 2015, organic growth was 7.2%, price mix was 7.5%, so volume was flat in 2015. Remember that Latin America was down significantly, so the rest of the business performed really well, that's how it shaped up for 2015.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. That's helpful. I'm sorry..
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: Go ahead.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): What was that?
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: As Bill mentioned in his comments, you asked about regional detail and if you look at the year 2015 in terms of unit volumes, we saw a good growth in Latin America – excuse me, in Asia and Europe in our healthcare business and Latin America, given the tough environment there was just a piece that was down a bit.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then kind of moving to pricing within the marketplace, what are you guys seeing in terms of competition, given the customer consolidation and then lower raw material costs, excluding the contractual pass-throughs. Has price remained pretty stable?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: This has always been a ultra-competitive environment and the way that we've built our model, you may or may not be familiar with, but we built our model such that, we don't see volatility, we try to minimize the volatility in our earnings based on what's happening with raw materials. So it's always been a competitive environment and the recapitalization effort that we've going on in the company is helping us to be much more competitive in some of the less differentiated product lines at current market prices.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, Bill. Just had a question. So, you said the volumes in the U.S. were up 2% in the fourth quarter and you were quick to note – not to call that a trend, obviously that – after that came the 1% U.S. volume guidance for 2016. So, was there something in the fourth quarter that was out of the ordinary like a product launch or something that really led to that accelerating organic growth in the second quarter – sorry; in the fourth quarter, that doesn't repeat again in 2016?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're quick to point out it's not a trend. The fourth quarter is always a very fluid quarter. Yeah, the holidays, you have customers that have launched products, which has taken off on shelf, do they have promotions, do they not have promotions. So, fourth quarter, is kind of a – it's not a good one to look at to determine what it looks like going forward. So, we performed well in Q4, more so in the less differentiated product lines than in the core product line. So, we got some nice movement in Q4, but it's hard to say that Q4 is a good quarter to look at for what a trend is going to established.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And the other question, then, is your year end to the targets you put out, 2015 to 2019, organic growth in 2015 was below that the targets you were looking for, and 2016 looks like it could be the same. Realizing that's as much a function of the macro environment as it is your ability to push organic growth higher, I mean, are you thinking about managing the business in any different way, are you putting more money into the recapitalization of the equipment versus some of these growth projects? I mean, how are you – how has the plan changed on the edge with the slower organic growth?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Scott, we haven't changed our plan. We're sticking with the plan. We're sticking with our strategy. We're seeing that as – we're seeing that gain a lot of traction. We're going to continue, as Mike said, to invest in the recapitalization programs and we're still funding our R&D levels at the same levels as we did this past year. Some of the things that we see, we see commercializations coming on stream in the latter part of this year, which are very encouraging. And we think our plan is working, we see our strategy working, and we're seeing it in our results. So I'm confident that what we presented on the Investor Day a year ago, we're sticking with it and we're driving hard to maintain it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions for you...
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: If I could, I wanted to ask a little bit about the Emplal acquisition. I think, from the time you first announced it you talked about 2014 revenues, that were $75 million and then $58 million in 2015, as you got it closed. I'm sure a good slug of that's currency, but it would seem as though the business kind of fell off a little bit, 2014 to 2015. Maybe what's the trajectory like, as you look forward to 2016 or how we think about that?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. This is Mike, Chris. You're correct, it's all a result of the translation. The real value of the revenue acquired hasn't changed at all. So the business is still quite some strong. The way I'm thinking about it right now, we're still at that – at the current exchange rate we'd still be at $53 million to $55 million of sales associated with Emplal. We also mentioned, we're really embarking on starting our integration and we feel really good about the synergies and our ability to deliver them. Feel very confident that all activities will be implemented in 2016 and we'll see the full benefit in 2017.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I did have one follow-up regarding your new center there in Neenah. I think you've now had it a quarter or two in operation. Can you give us any – maybe build some updates or color on how customer activity has been coming through there? How response has been? Do you think it's helping you win some new business, et cetera? Kind of us give us a gauge as to how efficacy of the center is perhaps.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The center is gaining great – it has gained great traction with the customer base. We've had many, many, many customers. We have multiple customers in on a daily basis. We've had close to probably 100 ideation sessions thus far. And we're driving new ideas and new thoughts for different types of packaging out of that location, not just for the United States, but the interesting thing is, it's gaining traction with our international customer base as well. So people are coming from all over the globe to use our equipment, use our labs, use our process technologies to develop new packaging ideas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chip Dillon of Vertical. Please go ahead.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, or morning still there. First question has to do with the volumes in the global segment overall. You mentioned that for the year the volumes were flat, but could you tell us what the fourth quarter was?
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: The fourth quarter unit volumes overall in global were down about 2%, and trend wise pretty must just the same concept, as the full year meaning, LatAm slightly tough and the rest of the regions of the world were doing well or flat.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. And obviously, if we look at that number that means that volume, I'm sorry the price and mix were up a huge, I mean 9.5%. How should we think as we – you mentioned next year, probably the segment overall, I don't know if you said but it sounds to me it will be maybe flat to up a little bit, probably up a little bit because, Europe is up 4% and LatAm is up slightly. But what kind of progression should we expect on that, price mix aspect?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well if you look at the 2015 number, that you just quoted, probably half of that came from inflation just and primarily in the Latin American companies is just higher cost, pass-through and the other half was price mix. So, we've made very good progress on price mix and our guidance for 2016 expects that same level of performance.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Frederick Searby of Dunbar Investment Partners. Please go ahead.
Frederick Searby - Dunbar: Yeah. Congratulations on the cash flow, it was exceptionally strong. I'm not sure you've delineated this but you hinted at it. How much was structural changes versus resin and raw mats being weak and the improvement in the working capital. And if most of that...
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Okay.
Frederick Searby - Dunbar: And if most of that's structural why are you guiding down even though you are still growing free cash flow? I mean, it was a massive number. And then just secondly, if you could give us some color on what the trends are right now in Latin America? You managed through a fairly apocalyptic environment in Brazil and also, it's not as relevant to you but Argentina with the devaluation and things that have gone on in Latin America this year. Can you just talk about trends right now, you've been seeing in the last couple of months given how well you've handled what's been a very, very challenging environment?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. I'll start first with your questions on cash flow. The structural improvement was about $110 million and that was really driven by focusing on vendor terms and getting back to what we perceive – what we expect is reasonable terms with our vendors. The benefit we got from lower resin cost was about $20 million to $25 million. So, I think we've made a really good overall progress. As far as guiding down I think what I would probably say is if you think about the mid-point of our EPS guidance, that would represent about $420 million of operating cash flow if working capital was not a source or a use of cash. So, being at that $400 million-$500 million we continue to go after some additional structural improvements that I commented would be $50 million to $75 million. And, Bill, do you want to ...
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Frederick, this is Bill Austen. I'll give you some color on the Latin American environment. It's a difficult environment, it's a high inflation. However, our customer base is continuing to innovate and want new products and launch new products and remember, we are not building automobiles and we are not building white goods or electronics. We provide packaging for everyday products that people use in their households. So while maybe some package architecture gets smaller to hit a smaller price point that allows us to innovate and develop a new product for them around the smaller size, different print, different medium and we're bringing in technologies from other parts of the world and introducing it to our Latin American customers, who now want new product and new product innovation. So, we continue to see, our core customers wanting innovation, wanting new products developed and launching new products. So we are managing our way through this environment, the team down there is doing a great job of staying ahead of inflation, continuing to push on price and continuing to innovate with product technologies that we're bringing in from other parts of the world.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mark Wilde of BMO. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Bill, Mike, Erin.
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wondered, Mike, could you just update us on the acquisition process. Right now, I think the focus over the last several quarters has been mainly the Pacific side of Latin America and maybe Central Europe. So if you could maybe talk about that a little bit? And also just kind of whether that slowdown in Latin America has affected sort of valuation expectations?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I could, I mean the update is that we continue to be more focused on businesses and assets that would benefit our Global Packaging business. I would say our pipeline if everybody remembers, we're not as interested in being involved in processes, we are more interested in getting to know companies and having a conversation with them. I would tell you we shifted from kind of creating a pipeline to actually having one where it's more active, as far as relationships being created, meetings, dinners, et cetera. So that's my update right now, and again I'd say there's nothing out there that would be a transformational typed acquisition, these companies tend to still be at that $50 million – $100 million to maybe $450 million, $500 million of revenue.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And any thoughts on valuation, Mike?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: When I like – first of all, Mark, I know my valuation, I mean, we're trading at 9.2 times EBITDA, so I'm not going to pay more than that. I look at Emplal, we had a – we were lower than what we're trading at and that's kind of how we think about it, as it relates to businesses that would be more associated with food, clearly as we're looking at healthcare type assets those would have much higher multiple, because they got much higher growth projections. But, I'm still thinking for the food side of the business kind of 8 times we could get it done in that range, depending on synergies.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys, nice to see volumes up nicely in the U.S., but if I do my back of envelop math, it would imply price was down significant, I know it's not a P&L impact from a EBIT end point, but was most of that step down a function of negative mix from the recap or just the raw material pass-throughs? And net-net when you go to 2016 you expect top line to be actually up with pricing down?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. This is Mike. I don't if you are asking Q4 or full year, but in Q4 a lot of the actually the whole revenue down is a result of the resin pass-through. And then volume was up 2% and price mix was down 1.6%, so and that is completely related to this mix of the business. We just sold more, less differentiated packaging in Q4.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that concerns us at all.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then I guess you noted packaged food demand for this year in the U.S. you're expecting to be flat to down. I'm just curious have you seen any changes in your customer order patterns with the stock market obviously concerned about potentially a recession. I just wanted to get your thoughts in terms of how your customers are behaving? Thanks.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Phil, this is Bill. No, we haven't seen any changes in our customers ordering patterns. Not as we went out of Q4 and not as we've been now in the Q1 for several weeks. We haven't seen any changes in order patterns.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone. Mike, one resin, I think you said there was a $3 million earnings benefit for the full year. Correct me, if I'm wrong, but I thought it was $3 million benefit in the first quarter alone. If I'm wrong about that, was it neutral in the later three quarters even though polyethylene prices fell in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter? And just lastly along those lines, do you expect a comparable resin benefit in 2016, given that polyethylene prices continue to decline?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: First of all you're correct, it was a $3 million benefit for the full year of 2015, that all happened in Q1. And that was really driven by a very unusual exceptional period where resin fell pretty significantly for four months in a row. We did not get any benefit at all in two, three or four. We're not anticipating any benefit or determent in 2016 other than, we're comping up against the favorable tailwind in Q1 last year.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. Just one on price mix, I know you said it was – in the U.S., it was a negative I think 1.6 and in previous quarters, it had been a positive and you're talking about it being a positive as you get rid of this lower margin business and sell more value added products and now, it was down in the fourth quarter and you're saying don't worry about that. So, can you just help us with why it would be kind of more relevant in the first three quarters than it was in the fourth quarter?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the best way to think about it is this. We just sold a lot more, less differentiated product which would just normally have a lower margin. So, when you're calculating your price mix on your total business, it would trend down. For the full year, our price mix for U.S. Packaging was up 2%. And that – those are the type of expectations we have of our business going forward.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: As I said earlier Adam, Q4 is not a good quarter to use because there's so many, there's a lot of moving parts from a customer's perspective, where they're adding inventory, running inventories down, do they promotions going out, did the promotion that they have at the end cap take off or not? So, there's a lot of things that move around in the fourth quarter, due to the holidays that are in there as well as customer order patterns, take patterns if you will from their end markets. So, tough to use fourth quarter as a trend setter.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the progress so far. I guess, first question I had, Bill could you remind us why you think that you can keep R&D at around whatever you said $44 million, so while keeping up innovation? I recognize some of this related to the discipline around stage gating and the like, but could you go through some of the color there? What your learnings have been so far in 2015 about your ability to get leverage off your R&D related innovation? Because obviously innovation is very important in terms of – what you want to do in terms of volume and price mix longer term.
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. George, you're absolutely right. The rigor and accountability of that stage-gate has driven into our R&D organization allows us to move resources quicker to new projects as a project gets cancelled or walked away from partway through stage-gate, because a customer doesn't want to implement it, they don't see there is going to be any market traction. So, we're able to redeploy resources much faster than we ever have before. The other part of that goes to our -- this whole concept of a global operation company, where we can move technology from region A to region B much faster because we now have an R&D organization in our regions that's headed up by a Vice President of Research and Development that's connected back to the innovation center. So, that as they see an emerging trend for instance, duck part packaging becoming hygienic in China, we can move that technology from Europe immediately to China. We have the assets in China that can produce it, and we can produce it quickly and meet the customers' demand very quickly. So, we got a network and it's getting much, much better, and we're able to deploy those resources and technologies around the world much faster with the existing base that we have.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate the thoughts there. And then, I want to take one more question in terms of this turn on price mix, so as we think about this coming year or the year that we're in right now, if I heard you correctly, I thought you said price mix would be relatively flat other than the comparison that's offered in the first quarter. Or is that purely a resin comment and you'd expect price mix to be up this year? And if you did mention that, what's the figure we should be at least thinking about, as we're modeling you for 2016? Thank you.
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Mike, George. I think the way to think about it is our price mix, unlike U.S. Packaging, was up 2% in 2015, that's a good number at the midpoint of our guidance to use for 2016. And could reference on the first half is more to do with – we're still going to live with lapping the bottle water overwrap and the Capri Sun (48:33) that really started occurring in Q1 and Q2 next year or so. Once we can kind of get over those comps, which is, as you know, is a lot of volume, low calorie – I think Bill's comment was more that we would expect to see more positive volume growth in the second half. And the same on global. I mean, we had call it 3.5% to 4% price mix without inflation in 2015. I would not expect to see anything less than that in 2017. And then if you add in just what we're doing in healthcare, you are going to have a much stronger number in Global Packaging.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Arun Viswanathan of RBC. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just had a couple quick questions on your outlook for 2016. Maybe you can just describe how you kind of come to that flat to slightly down for consumer packaging industry. I understand you guys have the new products and the asset recap, but is that more of a macro call or something that your customers are alluding to or what drives that outlook?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Arun, we triangulated off of a couple of different data points and it's – so it's a much more of a macro view that we look at being flat to down and flat to down 1% for the packaged food environment, and our view is, is that we'll be flat to up 1% in our U.S. Packaging business.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. And just a little bit more on that. Is there another period in history where you saw a decline in raw materials ,and was there any commensurate rebound or increase in demand on consumer packaging, or is it mainly to track GDP?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: My history would say it mainly tracks GDP.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Just had a couple follow-ups here. When I look at the margin progression, Bill, over the last couple of years 2016 looks like you're – I'm sorry: 2015 you're up in about a 100 – over 100 basis points on the margin progression. You were up maybe similar amount 2013, 2014. Is there the possibility of getting to another 100 basis points of margin improvement in 2016?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good question Scott. The way we look at it is, is that what we said at Investor Day, 2015 to 2018 in U.S. Packaging, 10% plus in Global. We're on that trend. We're on that slope that we'll be within those ranges that we called out. Is that 100 basis points? Is it 80 basis points? Is it 70 basis points? Our goal is to push it as fast and as hard as we can.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, Mike, in your prepared comments in answer to one other questions I think, you mentioned you weren't prepared to de-lever the balance sheet. What about levering the balance sheet?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm going to stick with what I have been saying at this point, Scott, that I'm comfortable with where we are at. If you noticed our leverage ticked up with the Emplal acquisition and the share repurchase in Q4. We're going to continue use our free cash flow. If there's an acquisition available, we're going to do it, and if there's not, we're going to return it to our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hello, again. One is maybe a request for future – the way we present some things going for future, and then I do have a second question. The first request is perhaps, because we're all kind of focusing on the organic volume growth particularly in North America and in the other regions and then price mix separate, could you perhaps on slide five when you present things maybe break out the difference between price mix and volume, so that we can kind of look at those? That's, I guess, kind of maybe request one. And then, my second question was could you help us with the scope of the kind of business recap where you're going back into some of your existing products and recapping them? How would we think about the scope of revenue that that covers? Is that – are you recapping 10%, 20%, 30% of your business or how significant maybe is it isolated to certain products in particular, where you're seeing the most need to do that, how would we think about that process as it goes on and maybe perhaps how long it might go on?
William F. Austen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris this is Bill. What primarily gets recapitalized, our printing presses, slitters, rewinders, pieces of equipment that are old, they run slower, they create higher waste, they don't have the same quality, they're low tech. So and a printing press it doesn't matter whether it runs a high end product or a low end product, it runs the same product. So to try to delineate, what side of the business it's on, we see the biggest benefit in the less differentiated products than you would see at the – but it benefits both sides of our product portfolio. But it benefits the high end products and they also benefit the low end products more, so the low end products, because it's got different price points, right, so we can generate productivity and efficiency to expand margins at existing market prices. So, there's still a long way, we're still in the early innings of this overall recapitalization effort and we're going to continue to stay on this path, because it is benefiting the shareholder and it's benefiting the company.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe let me come at the question just a little differently, see you're spending $140 million on of all of these projects and I think it was about half, for some of the recap stuff, so $70-ish million, is this something that I am guessing, it's going to be an ongoing thing, it will be – always be looking at it, but perhaps being this is the first year, so that you're really going at it hard, it's a little higher than maybe it would be on a go forward basis. So, perhaps does it maybe stay at $70-ish million the next one, two, three years and then get dialed back some – really I'm kind of coming at it thinking of what CapEx needs might end up being longer-term?
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Scott, you should think about it – Chris, I'm sorry Chris. Chris, you should think about it that we – what we're doing is catching up, if you go back to when we bought Alcan all of our energy was on taking capacity out and moving things around and what we weren't doing was investing in new capabilities. So, I would think about 2014, 2015, 2016, probably 2017 as we're just kind of catching ourselves up. And then we're going to be back into what I would consider a normal spend where we're still going to be redoing – recapitalizing, it just won't be quite at the stepped level as it is today. And I'd like – the other thing to think about too is just – when we throw out those numbers of half or $70 million, that's – those are assets that are going to get a 15% plus ROIC in the future. And it's pretty easy to do the math on that, that it's a big driver of our margin expansion in the future.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. I actually have three cat and dog types of questions and so I'll ask them in sequence. That way you don't have to come back to me in queue. One, what have you found out of the consumer studies that you've been underwriting thus far in terms of what it's telling you about consumer behavior and what that means for Bemis going forward. And then secondly, Mike, other operating income on the P&L had a $4.7 million versus a lesser number in the year-ago. What was driving that? And then within free cash flow and working capital, it sounds like it's more inventories and payables but are you using any kind of factoring program to drive the working capital improvement as well? Thanks, guys and good luck in the quarter.
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, George. George, what we're getting out of the consumer information and consumer study work that we're doing. Is that it's confirming everything that you read in the press today. It confirms that there is a new buying pattern, it confirms that there is new habits of people that natural, fresh, less ingredients, cleaner labels are all what consumers are looking for. And that's generating a new and smaller food companies that go-to-market through different channels. So what we're going to be doing is investigating those channels and driving harder to generate traction around the new channels. And it's – when you see companies like General Mills by a jerky company called the Epic. It's driving the large CPG companies to do new things and look for different ways to get to market with different products. And that's what's our – that's what the study work is confirming and it's driving us to go after new channels and new markets.
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: And George, I'll follow-up with you on all those details on that other operating line, it's a fair amount of small, small items just talk to, so I'll take that offline.
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I'll answer your last question on cash flow, you kind of – our real focus had been in 2015, going after improving payable terms with our vendors we really didn't use any as you refer to factoring programs. We are going to in 2016, we have implemented a supplier financing program that we will make available to our kind of next set of suppliers that we're going to be working with and that in essence allows them to determine how quickly, so – I may give you an example, if we make our terms, net 65, they can decide it, if they want to take it earlier and that – so that will be a big part of our progress. And then on the AR side, there are supplier financing programs that put in place all the time by our customers. We participated in them but we generally do not take the cash early from that reason of the factoring.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Michael B. Clauer - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time, please continue.
Erin M. Winters - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. You may now disconnect your line and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters - Director, IR Bill Austen - President and CEO Mike Clauer - VP and CFO
Analysts: Mehul Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Company George Staphos - Bank of America Scott Gaffner - Barclays Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Anthony Pettinari - Citibank Philip Ng - Jefferies Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Mark Wilde - Bank of Montreal Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Company Hosted Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2015 conference call. Today is October 22, 2015. After today’s call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer and our Vice President and Controller, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike’s comments on our business and outlook we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. On today’s call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company’s regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K to review these risk factors. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Bill Austen.
Bill Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. Bemis performed well this quarter in a slow growth and volatile currency environment. Our operations are strong and we are executing our strategy with focus, alignment, accountability and rigor. We delivered adjusted earnings of $0.67 per share, a 9.8% increase over the prior year; this in light of a $0.06 translation headwind as currencies in Latin America devalued significantly compared to one year ago. We delivered highest gross margin in many years at 21.8% driven by our recapitalization efforts focused that improving productivity and efficiency, our innovation pipeline that continues to improve the mix of the products we sell and our strong operational performance across the entire company. We increased operating profit margins in our U.S. packaging segment to 14.5%, a 120 basis point increase over the prior third quarter, reflecting great progress toward our long-term goal of 15% to 18% in this segment. We increased adjusted operating profit margins in our global packaging segment to 9.7%, a 110 basis point increase over the prior third quarter, exceeding my expectations and above pace toward our goal of double-digit returns in this segment over the three to five-year horizon. We again increased ROIC to 10.3% versus 9.6% one year ago. We generated $194 million of operating cash flow, another quarter of vast improvement, and through the third quarter, we have already exceeded our original full year cash flow target stated in January, an excellent demonstration of the focus, discipline, accountability and urgency, we have instilled and continue to drive throughout our entire business. And finally, we continue to execute our capital expansions and improvements to plan. Again this quarter, we are selling at most items that we’ve targeted. Currency and unit volumes continue to be a challenge in the short-term, but I am pleased with the following actions we have taken to deliver growth in the long-term that will help provide continued margin expansion. First this month, we officially open the Bemis innovation center in Neenah, Wisconsin. This facility is already becoming a global hub for our customers, a place where we work side by side with them to ideate, innovate and collaborate packaging solutions to provide success and growth to their brands. The innovation center supports long-term growth and we have already had some early wins that have created success for our customers and ourselves. For example, while the facility was still under construction, we hosted a customer at our Innovation Center in February to help solve their packaging needs for a new product. Leveraging our base of innovation, we were able to ideate, develop a prototype and test a self-venting retort standup pouch for their pasta meal in a very short time frame. From ideation to store shelf it took only six months. I am confident that in conjunction with our strong innovation pipeline, our disciplined stage-gate process and our drive and ambition to grow, the innovation center will support success in the years to come. Second, we are executing on our capital plan. Our healthcare expansion project in Wisconsin that will elevate our industry-leading quality and support growth is on track and progressing well. The facility and equipment installations were completed on schedule and in October we successfully achieved CODR [ph] validation and product functional equivalency, which allows us to ship commercial product from the new facility, a great job by our healthcare team. We continue to expect to see margin improvement from this project in 2016. We have a variety of growth and productivity projects that are coming online in the near term and will support both revenue and continued margin improvement in 2016 and the future. We continue to execute our capital projects that will support the growing demand for our high-end packaging used for protein, liquid, and medical applications. We also continue to execute on select capital investments to improve the margin profile in specific end markets where technology and differentiation are not as important to our customers. We are recapitalizing select printing presses, slitters and other converting equipment for our strategic plan with diligence and speed. Third, as I mentioned last quarter, while in its early stages, we have made some changes in our sales and marketing organization in U.S. Packaging to increase urgency toward growth. Rick Michaletz, who many of you met at Investor Day has successfully completed his assignment as President of our European business and has taken on a new roll of Vice President of sales and business development for U.S. Packaging. Rick is an exceptional and proven leader with a strong commercial and operations background and I'm confident that Rick’s leadership of our commercial teams in the U.S. will drive our growth plan as we move forward. I’m pleased with the actions and progress we are making toward growing our business. Turning to the full year, we are bringing down the top end of our EPS range from $2.62 to $2.57 fully on account of currency translation. Mike will cover the details in a bit, but while currency has been a challenge to profits this year, particularly in Latin America, I am very pleased with how our business is performing in local currency. My long term view has not changed. We continue to target EPS growth at 10% plus per year, balanced organic and inorganic revenue growth, operating profit margins at 15% to 18% in U.S. Packaging and 10 plus in Global in the three to five-year window, ROIC in the top quartile of our peer group by 2019, cash from organic operations that exceeds $550 million by 2019. I remain very confident that we will continue to deliver performance improvement towards these long term goals. In summary, we performed well in the quarter. I’m proud of our teams across the globe who are executing our strategy with a renewed sense of urgency and improving all that they do on a daily basis. It is an important time in Bemis history as we continue to transition toward high performance that is reflected in all of our financial metrics. We still have a lot of work to do, but our strategy is right, our resources are aligned and we have the drive and talent to execute our plans. With that I’ll turn things over to Mike for a review of the financials and his comments on the future.
Mike Clauer : Thanks Bill and good morning. As Bill mentioned, we reported adjusted earnings of $0.67 per share, a 9.8% increase compare to the prior third quarter. This includes overcoming a currency translation headwind of approximately $0.06 versus the prior year third quarter, primarily driven by currencies in Latin America with continued value against the dollar. We delivered solid improvement in gross margins at 21.8% versus 20.1% the prior third quarter. This improvement was driven by continued effort in executing our strategy, specifically the favorable impact of productivity and efficiency projects we have executed as part of our capital plan and improved price mix, as we execute our strategy to sell a higher portion of value added sophisticated packages. I will provide comments on each reportable segment, followed by a discussion of total company expenses and performance. First U.S. Packaging; in the third quarter sales dollars in our U.S. segment declined 3.7%. Overall unit volumes were down approximately 3% compared to the prior third quarter. Approximately two-thirds of this unit volume decline was driven by our strategic pricing decision to exit some low margin bottle water overwrap business in the prior periods, and the remainder was driven by a select customer, who lost share with their beverage pouch at the retail level. Aside from volumes, the remaining decline in sales dollars was driven by contractual price reductions to pass through lower raw material cost, which do not have pack operating profits, partially offset by favorable mix in-line with our strategy. Some additional end market details for the quarter, unit volumes in our meat and cheese, dairy and liquid end markets were down slightly. Our analysis indicates there are no drivers out of the ordinary and we continue to be optimistic about volumes in the long term. Mix within these end markets were strong as we continue to gain traction with new product innovation. Everything from our flat film for meat were portion packaging for protein snacks to high end laminations used in liquid applications. With regard to our book growth plans in the U.S. over our strategic horizon, we have completed our normal periodic review of our business plan and continue to expect volumes to return positive in 2016 and future years. We have a good line of side of upcoming product launches for high technology products, our innovation pipeline is strong and we see benefits from our recapitalization of converting equipment that will support retaining current volumes in our less differentiated business. We remain confident and determined in our long-term plan to grow our business. U.S. packaging operating profit return on sales for the third quarter was 14.5% compared to 13.3% in the prior year. Third quarter returns benefited from operational efficiencies, favorable sales mix and continue diligence in controlling costs. Moving to our global packaging segment. In the third quarter global packaging sales decreased 14%. Currency decreased sales by 22.1% as currencies in Latin America and the lesser extent Europe could be valued against the U.S. dollar. Excluding currencies, global packaging delivered total organic growth of 8.1%, which included a 2% increase in unit volumes in addition to a favorable price mix. Before commenting on the various regions of our global business, I will cover returns in our global packaging segment, another very profitable quarter. Adjusted global operating profit return on sales for the third quarter of 9.7% compares with 8.6% for the prior third quarter. High returns in global packaging were a result of strong operational performance throughout all regions and improved price mix from sales of meat, cheese, dairy and liquid packaging. Currency negatively impacted operating profits by $8.8 million this quarter or about $0.06 related primarily to the translation of profits in Brazil to the U.S. dollars, compared to the prior third quarter. Through three quarters, currency translation has trimmed 17.5% from our profits versus the prior year or approximately $0.12 of total company earnings per share. Well currency has certainly been a challenge, we are very pleased with the performance of our global businesses in local currency. We are improving returns, growing sales in our targeted end markets and demonstrating urgency and discipline in all areas. Some regional details. In Latin America, while the environment is tough for some industries, our business continues to do well. Our teams are doing an excellent job of passing through inflationary cost. While overall unit volumes were flat to slightly down during the quarter, we are executing on our strategy some more value-added products, particularly to our meat and cheese and dairy and liquid end markets where volumes were very strong this quarter. In Europe, where our business is focused on meat and cheese packaging, unit volumes were up mid-single-digits, again in line with our strategy to grow these value-added products. In Asia-Pacific, unit volumes were also up mid-single-digits. This growth was in a variety of areas including meat, which we strategically target in Asia. We continue to see our customers expanding their use of meat packaging and the reach to applications that were formally sold in open air markets and had never before than packaged. Our global healthcare business is performing well. Overall unit volumes were flat during the quarter with particular strength in the U.S. and Europe offset by softer consumption in Latin America and timing of orders in Asia. Our healthcare business is strong and continues to be an integral part of our growth strategy. Now on to Bemis consolidated results. Total Bemis Company SG&A expense was $101.8 million, down from the prior year. We continue to be focused on implementing discipline and accountability to keep SG&A dollars flat over a long-term strategic horizon. Research and development expense for the quarter was $11 million, approximately flat with the prior year. We expect to continue at this level to support new product innovation and commercialization. The income tax rate for the third quarter was 33.6%, in line with our expectations for the full year ’15. Year-to-date cash from operations has increased to $412 million, compared to $192 million the prior year. We have exceeded our original plan of $400 million plus for the entire year within the first three quarters. As you may recall, we established a target early this year to reduce working capital percent of sales to 14% range by the end of 2016, which equates to taking out approximately $140 million of working capital. While our original 2015 cash flow guidance assumed that working capital will not be a source during the year, we began executing to improve payment terms with our vendors to industry standard levels during the third quarter and started realizing significant benefits. We also recognized that cash flow benefited by $20 million to $25 million from the mathematical flow through of lower raw material cost. We are updating our full year 2015 guidance for cash from operations to $500 million plus. We will continue with focus, discipline and urgency to deliver continued success and generating cash. Capital expenditures were approximately $148 million through the first threes quarter this year as compared to $113 million last year and in line with our expectations. We continue to expect 2015 capital expenditures between $200 million and $215 million to support growth and productivity projects in our pipeline. Touching on our leverage metrics, net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of third quarter was 2.1 times within our expected range. We will continue to generate strong cash flow, invest capital wisely and not accumulate cash. Our priorities continue to be to support our dividend program and invest in capital projects and fund strategic acquisitions or share repurchases. During the third quarter, we repurchased 0.5 million shares for a total of $20.9 million. At September 30, the remaining Board authorization for share repurchase was 4.4 million shares. Turning to the full year outlook, as Bill mentioned, we are narrowing our adjusted EPS for 2015 to the range of $2.52 to $2.57, fully on account of currency translation. While currency and volume have challenges, this year we are still maintaining the low-end of our guidance. Since our earnings call in July, currencies, particularly the Brazil real have moved unfavorably, creating an additional headwind of approximately $0.05 in the back half for the year versus our guidance shared at the end of the second quarter. In relation to the EPS range of $2.52 to $2.57, where we are in the range will depend on further movement of currencies and volumes in our business. Fourth quarter is seasonally light quarter for us. Without a meaningful improvement in unit volumes I anticipate that we would be toward the lower end of the EPS range. We will continue to focus on the things we can control to deliver earnings. In summary, I remain confident in our business in our ability to further improve financial performance to create long term shareholder value. With that we will turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We ask that you ask one question and one follow-up question, we will release you after your follow-up at which point you can re-queue to get back into the question queue. Our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Mehul Dalia: It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. Can you quantify the benefit from lower raw material cost during 3Q on EBIT margin?
Mike Clauer : On EBIT margins it was very minimal. As you guys all know, we’ve done a really good job of taken the volatility out of passing through changing input cost.
Mehul Dalia: Great and thanks for the commentary about the improvements you are making in the U.S. Do you know that when should we expect to see some sort of inflection in North America volume?
Mike Clauer : As I said in my remarks, we are still -- our view hasn’t changed. We viewed 10% EPS growth in 2016 and we see that volumes will increase in North America to the 2% range where we've targeted in our Investor Day 2016. That's why we made some of the changes in our commercial team.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: I want to hear you back a little bit on that last comment Bill in the question. So you did this review. It sounded like of your markets and products, could you provide a little bit more clarity in terms of what that review told you about the long term volume outlook and why you should be confident and if you're confident, whether you need to change management. And then second question I had, can you parse for us what the mix benefit was? Obviously price mix was down, because the resin passed through but what was mix up in the quarter, if you can share that? Thank you.
Bill Austen: George this is Bill. I will take the volume side of that. Yes, we gone through, a good review of our innovation pipeline in the productivity projects that we have slated based on our capital spending and we feel very comfortable with what we’ve targeted for 2016, the 2% growth in North America. We filtered with that based on the innovation and the productivity improvements that we have slated.
George Staphos: And touching on your margin, when I think about the margin improvement for the company about half of it came from productivity and efficiency and that would have been heavier in U.S. Packaging, and about half of it was innovation mix which would have been heavier in Global Packaging?
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Scott Gaffner from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. My question is really around Mike just mentioned the margin improvement and at least in the quarter of 50% productivity, 50% innovation. If I look at sort of our model here, you have got about 120 basis points of margin improvement 2015. What would keep you from getting another 120 basis points of margin improvement in 2016, or maybe it's achievable?
Mike Clauer : At this point, it's a steady build. I think we’re doing a little bit better in ‘15 than we would have anticipated in our five-year plan. But again I’m not going to -- I don't think I’m going to -- we’re going to sign up for 120% improvement right now. But we do still feel confident we’re going to be improving as we move towards our long term goal. So 15 to 18 in U.S. Packaging and plus 10% in Global.
Scott Gaffner: Sure, but even just conceptually, as we move into 2016, has that productivity come down and innovation, it sounds like Bill you are saying innovation goes up. How should we think about the mix there?
Bill Austen: Scott, this is Bill. We looked the next this year. It’s a 50-50 split between innovation and productivity and efficiency, because we’ve got the lower hanging fruit on the productivity side. You see that earlier. We’ll continue to get that productivity from projects we’ve installed this year, because they'll lap themselves somewhere in 2016. But we have good site to more productivity projects that as you recall from last quarter we pull capital forward to drive sooner productivity gains into 2016. So we’ll continue on that pace and then the innovation will start to kick in even greater than it has now. So it's still going to be that 50-50, 60-40 kind of a split in that range between innovation and productivity. So we’re comfortable and we have good line of sight.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes, thank you very much. Just a couple of financial questions to near-term Mike. One is, when you look at the impressive cash flow, thanks for calling out the working capital benefit of the raw materials. Is there also a measurable working capital benefit because of the FX changes, I guess with the financing of receivables down in Brazil? And then secondly can you give us updated view of how you see CapEx in 2016 and 17 based on your current footprint and given that it’s been elevated this year?
Mike Clauer : First of all, I don’t see any big change or any impact on cash flow as a result of FX. We kind of pull that out and look at it without it. And then as far as capital’s concern, as we said on Investor Day and it still holds through, we’re still going to be that $200 million to $215 million in '16 and maybe '17 and then after that we should start seeing a decline other than any potential acquisitions and how that might change our capital requirements on adding more revenue and assets to our business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citibank. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari : I just had a question on the global business since specifically Brazil. You indicated you’re pretty happy with how those businesses are performing on a same currency basis. In Brazil, meat production is down pretty sharply year-over-year. I was just wondering if you could give a little color on how your business is performing in Brazil and maybe overcoming some of those headwinds?
Bill Austen: Yes, thanks Anthony. This is Bill. As we said, we’re very happy with the performance of our business in Brazil. And if you look at what we do, as we make packaging for products that people use every day, two years ago, we made some investments in some technology in Brazil to bring down some proprietary meat films, protein films for that market to start to change the market away from what locally produced films are all about, to bring down Bemis innovation in terms of ISO. We’ve been gaining share with that technology from locally produced film. So whether meat film is now -- we were not big in that market prior. Now we’re big in that market because we’re gaining share from locally produce suppliers. So that’s a good thing for us and we see that continuing as we -- at capacity utilization on that line continues to increase.
Anthony Pettinari : And then just switching back to the U.S., the capitalization of kind of lower margin converting assets, when is that process completed?
Bill Austen: Probably '17, and honestly it’ll never be completed. What we’re doing right now is probably catching up for underspending from 2010 through '13 as the Company was a lot more focused on integrating that large acquisition. So what you’re seeing right now is a catch-up, but we will -- it’s going to become part of -- it is become part of our DNA that we will always be capitalizing assets going into the future.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Philip Ng from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey guys. With the share loss lapping next year in North America for some of your commodity business, comps obviously get a lot easier in 2016. To the 2% growth target you have for North America, how much of that is driven by new products and maybe some of the benefits from the recapitalization of assets? And are you assuming any recovery in packaged fruit demand for the bottom market overall? Thanks.
Bill Austen: At this point, we are not anticipating any recovery. We’re going to work off the assumptions that consumption in the U.S. is flat to slightly down. We have no reasons to think otherwise. So I think more of the growth is going to really be coming from the innovation side of our packaging. Hope that answers your question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Manuel from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Manuel: I wanted to kind of focus for a second on the global business if I could or the global packaging component. Again made great progress there, already kind of upper nine as far as margin percentage and close target. Is there anything that could happen that you'd foresee over the next few quarters that might kind of go backwards a little bit? Or seemingly you're pretty far down the path of exceeding some of those goals or how would you think about maybe raising the bar a bit further. How do you balance that Bill?
Bill Austen: Look, Chris, I don't see anything that's going to change where we are over the next couple of quarters. And we’ve always said 10 plus. So we’re not going to back off on 10 and then stop. We’re going to continue to drive for 10 plus, and our business teams know that. We're continuing to put innovation into all of the regions of the world. We’ve got assets going into Europe right now that continue to drive their improvements, that have been significant for us over the last year or so. Same thing in Latin America. We're going to continue to invest there to continue to drive innovation and bring new packaging technologies to those regions to continue the change the mix and up-scale the mix that we’ve always been focused on. And same thing in medical. That medical facility in Wisconsin is now up and running. Its validated and qualified. So we can ship commercial product from there and we're still focused on that 200 basis points improvement in the medical business next year that we’ve stated right from the start. So we’re going to continue to push that beyond 10.
Chris Manuel: Okay. And then the second question kind of centers around capital allocation, and a particular -- some of the working capital and progress you are making what you might do with some of this, but on first element of this, Mike you had talked about $140 million of working capital opportunity from your reduction program. I don't think that was inclusive of the 25 you've got from raw material. So can we kind of think of that total bar as maybe 165? And then second part of this is what your intentions are to kind of the near term to do with it. It looks like share repurchase kind of slowed a bit. Are you seeing anything in the M&A markets that get you excited or how might you think about uses of cash over the balance of the year?
Bill Austen: First of all, I answer your question, it's more important is it that when we made the statement about $140 million, it's really more about getting ourselves to that 14% primary working capital percentage in that sales. We kind of ended Q3 -- we were just south of 16%. So we’ve made some pretty nice progress, and we’ll continue to make progress as we drive to get to that level. So I think that answers your first question. As far as second question on the M&A side, we do have [indiscernible] right now. The positive side is there seems to be no road blocks at this point in time. It's now just a question of when we get approval on the process. So that would be potentially a use of cash in the fourth quarter, but of course I've said it before. We’re not going to delever. So we're going to use the stock, either do an acquisition or buyback stock, and the way I’m looking at it right now, we'll react to the timing of M-plow [ph] as we know a little bit better.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Bill I wondered if either you or Mike could just give us a little update on what you are seeing in terms of the M&A market right now? I know acquisitions are an important element in your overall growth targets?
Bill Austen: Yes, Mark, we do have them M-plow [ph] there. We're pretty far down the road on developing our strategy, which included working with all the business units to identify the type of companies we want to own in the regions and geographies. As I said before, we like to think we can start moving the revenue ball from 70-30 to 50-50 global. So we’re going to be thinking and looking in Latin America and the western side of the continent that we really don't participate in per say. In Europe clearly looking at eastern and central Europe as a priority, healthcare anywhere, and we’ve got things percolating is a better term for it. Again like we’ve said, we really don't want to be in processes. The multiples are pretty high right now. What we’re trying to do is find organizations that we want to own and get to know the ownership family, if its private and see if we can strike up a conversation about helping them with their succession plan or exit strategy. So I would say it's going quite well, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Okay and then Mike, if I could just as a follow-on to that, just from what you’ve said, it doesn’t sound like the strength in the dollar, the weakness in some of these emerging market currencies, this is really going to change your pace or your strategy in terms of looking at acquisitions. Is that right?
Bill Austen: That is correct. But the other side of it though as we -- in some of these emerging markets, it's also looking at countries that have higher growth rates. You look at eastern, central Europe, those growth rates in the food categories are 5% plus type growth into the foreseeable future. And we just feel that would be -- other drivers is that -- we’re targeting countries where geographies that are going to grow a lot faster than a U.S. economy is.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Adam Josephson from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Mike, one more on capital allocation. How would you compare the attractiveness of buybacks and M&A at the moment, particularly given what you just said about multiples being rather high?
Mike Clauer: Our objective right now is we want to be able to get a 15% return on invested capital on an acquisition. And as you guys -- anybody knows, that's not an easy task, when you're paying 9, 10 times EBITDA for an acquisition. So we’re very balanced on the attractiveness of an acquisition. We have got to be very confident that we’ve got the synergies, be it cost take outs, consolidations, SG&A take outs or revenue synergies to make that investment versus a share repurchase.
Adam Josephson: Thanks Mike, and just one on the flat film line that you’ve been building. I know its early days, but can you give us any sense as to what volume and/or revenue contribution you might expect from those lines next year and as well as what kind of capital you’ve put into those lines and are planning to put into those lines?
Mike Clauer: Adam, we’ve got three lines in. Okay we line in Swansea wales. We have a line in Pauls Valley, and we have a line going in here into Wisconsin. That's what we’ve invested in thus far. We have two others on the back burner, that we have not yet pulled the trigger on. We are linked with a customer and their ramp-up in the use of that flat film, and at this point that's all I will say about that flat film market and where we see that headed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take a question from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Just want to follow-up on our earlier discussion on volumes and the outlook. So -- recognizing that you are confident of volume outlook bill for next year in U.S. Packaging, I was curious again, what your review kind of revealed in terms of why you should be confident in the outlook on volumes and some of the organizational changes that you made, how does that help you? So that's question number one. Question number two, just more of a housekeeping question. If I look at the P&L versus the segment reporting and the restructuring and other item, I think it's like $4.6 million in P&L it's something under $10 million in the segment. Just what caused that variance Mike? Thank you.
Mike Clauer: George, what gives us the confidence in the volume is the pipeline. We do an exhaustive review of the global pipeline, not just of the U.S. Packaging pipeline of where the projects stand in the stage gate process. Are they a P1 or are they a P4? Are risks retired, are risks not retired? And as we look at that, when those projects are going to be completed, and if you go back to our whole premise around our stage gate process, it starts and ends with a customer. So we don't develop unless as a customer tied to it all the way through. We feel very good about that and very good about what’s going to launched in the upcoming months and quarters. Not just in U.S. but also global.
Bill Austen: And as to your question on restructuring, there is really three elements of the restructuring this quarter. $1.4 million associated with facility closure in the medical division and about a $0.5 million associated with acquisition related cost on M-Plow [ph]. Those are included in the segment. There is a $2.7 million charge that was not included in segment and reported as corporate and that's for identification, obligation related to a past acquisition. It's a one-time non-recurring charge.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Scott Gaffner of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Mike, just quick question on the CapEx spend for 2015. As you sort of move through the year, sounds like innovation spending maybe has moved more towards 2016 and some of the cost reduction on the existing business is taken over. Has there been any shift in the mix on CapEx innovation versus cost reduction on some of the existing business?
Mike Clauer: There is really been no shift. If you think about how to think about it, about $60 million of our spend is environmental health and maintenance and I would say it's 50-50 split above there between innovation and recapitalization. Recapitalization is heavier in U.S. Packaging. Just from the standpoint that's where the assets really need to be recapitalized. And as Bill kind of pointed out, a big part of our global strategy is the migration of capabilities and higher barrier products from the U.S. to those emerging markets as packaging sophistication increases.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And just on the working capital if I recall correct 4Q of last year, there was some noted confusion as to why working capital built the way it did. Obviously you made some change in the payment terms to get towards industry standards, but have you figured out -- it seems like you have the -- what the issue was with working capital within the last year? Just trying to figure out how of much this is just a recapture of that issue versus some of these better payment terms?
Mike Clauer: I think we figured out, we -- first of all Scott, I just don't think we’re -- we were really focused on cash flow and we’re now focused on cash flow. Last year in Q4 the number was $56 million. As we've given you the guidance, I would expect that to be $90 million plus next year. So we will continue to get improvements. And we’ll continue into ’16. I think we've made a lot of progress on terms with suppliers. We’ve done a good job with the big ones, and now as we go in the Q4 and Q1, we’re focused on kind of the next tier of vendors to kind of get those terms improved. From an inventory side, I think we’ve done a nice job of getting inventory back to what we want it to be, but clearly the big progress still going to be linked to our rollout of supply chain optimization management and demand forecasting, which those investments are being made right now and I would expect that to start realizing second half of ’16 into ’17 when we complete our ERP implementation in U.S. packaging.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Alex Ovshey from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Ovshey: Just one for you. The lower resin price environment, is that having any positive or negative impact on the competitive dynamics in the business?
Mike Clauer: No.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take another question from Adam Josephson. Your line is open.
Adam Josephson: Thanks a lot and thanks for taking my follow-up. Mike one more on working capital. It’s been a $95 million source year-to-date. Assuming it ends up being a $150 million, which is exactly what the drag was last year, you’d be a 550 of operating cash flow this year, which is your 2019 target if I’m not mistaken. Is there any reason to think that the long-term target is particularly conservative?
Mike Clauer : No. First of all, I don’t think, I wouldn’t read anything into it -- it’s going to be 550. We’re just get back to normalized. When Bill makes that 550 comment, think about it, our EBITDA will have grown substantially as a contribution to that. So I would think in terms of -- we’re targeting get to primary working capital to be 14% of net sales and then the additional growth will come from our improvements in EBITDA as we continue to drive our performance.
Operator: And currently, there are no further questions in the queue.
Erin Winters: Thank you, Destiny. Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: I do want to thank everyone for their participation. Your conference call has concluded. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-02-17 19:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken MacKenzie - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Ron Delia - Executive Vice President, Finance
Analysts: Michael Ward - CBA Richard Johnson - Citigroup Michael Courtney - Merrill Lynch Ramoun Lazar - UBS Securities Australia Ltd. Scott Hudson - CLSA John Purtell - Macquarie Larry Gandler - Credit Suisse Australia Ltd.
Ken MacKenzie: Good morning, and thank you for taking the time to attend Amcor’s Interim Results Conference Call. It’s Ken MacKenzie speaking. And with me I have Ron Delia, the CFO and CEO elect. Ron and I will take you through the results this morning, and then as usual, we’re happy to open it up for questions. Moving to Slide 3, as we do with all our internal meetings at Amcor, I would like to start with our safety performance. At Amcor, we’re committed to a goal of no injuries. In over many years, Amcor has made tremendous in-roads to improving our safety performance, and I’m pleased to say that this has continued. In the last 12 months, our lost time injury frequency rate has declined to 0.4, in our recordable case, frequency rate is 2. These indicators reflect the number of incidents per million hours worked. In addition, at the end of December, over 50% of our sites around the world were incident free, so that’s no injuries. And while our current levels of performance make Amcor a truly world-class company in the area of safety, we must continue to drive improvements in this area, it’s our number one priority and even one injury is one to many. If we move to Slide 4, before proceeding to the results, I just want to give an overview of where Amcor is today, and this will assist in understanding the context of our performance. If you look at the middle pie chart, you can see that it’s a very focused business, two product segments, Flexibles and Rigid Plastics packaging with a global market leader in each of our chosen end market segments; food, beverage, healthcare, and tobacco packaging, and you can see the split on the left-hand side pie chart. The business has a combination of good industry structures, scale positions, and differentiated value propositions. If you look at the right-hand side, you can see we have a global footprint. We’re operating in 43 countries, and we have a unique position in emerging markets at 32% of sales. All of this is supported by our proprietary operating model the Amcor Way and solid financial metrics in cash flow. And the key message from this slide is that Amcor has been transformed, and today is very well positioned as a global leader in its chosen market segments. If we move now to Slide 5, shows the key financial information for the half year. Now a reminder, this is the first period that we’re reporting in U.S. dollars. Earnings per share were up 6.8% and on a constant currency basis, up 10.4%. The dividend is up 9.2% to US$0.19 per share, and it will be paid in Australian dollars as $0.244 and that’s up 24.9% expressed in Australian dollar terms. Returns continued to improve to a first-half record of 19.2%, and on a full calendar year basis, returns were 20.4%, and this is the first year returns for the business have exceeded 20%. Operationally, net margins increased from 10.3% to 10.8%, and the operating cash flow was up 55%, and as Ron will go through in a minute or two, the balance sheet is in very good shape. So the key point from this slide is the result of strong and there has been continued solid improvement across all the key metrics. Moving now to Slide 6, today we’ve also announced US$500 million on market share buyback. The company has strong financial metrics. Leverage measured as net debt to EBITDA is 2.2 times, and interest cover measured as net interest to EBITDA is above 7.5 times. The company continues to generate strong cash flow and following the buyback, the balance sheet will remain strong. Now, the sizing of the buyback at US$500 million, balance is returns to shareholders, maintains flexibility to pursue growth, and also our strong credit metrics. Moving to Slide 7, few more highlights for the year. There continued to be solid organic profit growth of 3% to 3.5% across the business. In emerging markets, organic profit growth was 10%, and this was an excellent outcome reflecting strong growth in Latin America and continued solid growth in Asia. In developed markets, economic conditions continue to be subdued, and there was stable operating performance in these regions. Acquisitions delivered as expected and were a key contributor to growth. With 16 acquisitions over the past four years, it is pleasing that these acquisitions have delivered the 20% return we expected. In over the past six months, there have been new acquisitions and greenfield investments announced that will continue to drive growth. So all up, this resulted in a 10.4% increase in earnings per share on a constant currency basis and together with a 4.7% dividend yield, this means that value creation was an annualized 15.1%. Now, this result was consistent with our model for shareholder value creation, so we move now to Slide 8, and we map it against the different components. The dividend yield was 4.7%, and that is slightly higher than the expected long-term average of 4%. The organic growth was 3.4% and this is marginally below the long-term expected growth rate of 3.5% to 4%, as developed markets remained broadly stable. Acquisitions contributed 3.3%, which is consistent with expectations. So as I mentioned all up, this resulted in a 15.1% value creation and the bridge for the specific components is in the appendix slides. So with that as my introduction, I’ll hand it over to Ron to talk you through the cash flow and the balance sheet for the period.
Ron Delia: Thanks, Ken. We’ll look at Slide 9 to talk to the cash flow, and the key message here is that cash flow was very strong, and we remain on track to produce between $200 million to $300 million of free cash flow again this year, which is in line with expectations. More specifically on the Slide here, the operating cash flow of US$103 million for the half was up 55% on the prior year. And when we look at some of the key components in that result, gross capital expenditure for the half was $156 million. When we add total restructuring expenses of about $20 million, the overall spend on CapEx and restructuring was $176 million. Now that compares with our depreciation and amortization charge of $183 million, so essentially in line with what we would consider to be the normal amount of reinvestment back into the business. In net working capital, cash outflow was as expected given the seasonality of the business. We’ve talked about that in prior half-year results. And the working capital performance through the half, which we measured primarily through the average working capital to sales ratio was particularly strong, and that metric improved from 9.5% last year to 9.2% of sales this year. The other line on the cash flow statement here on Page 9 is a combination of items, largest components relate to non-cash PBITDA, which we need to back out and then proceeds from the sale of PP&E. Property sales were higher than last year, and that’s the key variance of the - key driver of the variance on this line item. But again the key point around the cash flow from this slide is that the cash performance was very strong and we continue to expect $200 million to $300 million of free cash flow for the full year. Moving on to Slide 10, we have a snapshot of the balance sheet and the debt profile. Again, as Ken mentioned earlier, in addition to the cash flow strength, the balance sheet of the business is in very good shape. Net debt has remained around US$3 billion and the two main ratios we look at, which are both cash flow oriented in nature, leverage and interest cover have both improved versus the prior period. So that left us with the well positioned and with the capacity to raise our dividend, as well as turn out to $500 million share buyback that ken spoke about earlier. And we will retain a solid balance sheet, and more importantly, we will retain ample capacity to pursue growth and organically or through acquisitions. Now in terms of financing costs, interest costs, our guidance remains the same, it’s a US$180 million to US$190 million for the year. And that takes into account the buyback as well as current exchange rates, so no change to the interest guidance. In terms of the debt profile we are in a really comfortable position. We have a low level of refinancing this year. We have excellent debt maturity, and a good mix of fixed and floating debt, and we’re comfortable with the currency mix as well. So in summary from me the key messages this morning are that the business is very well positioned financially, cash flow was strong for the half, and the balance sheet is in a very good place gives us the flexibility to continue to grow, continue to raise the dividend and in this particular result announce a share buyback. So with that, Ken, I’ll hand it back over to you.
Ken MacKenzie: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Moving now to Slide 11, the Flexibles segment had another strong half with PBIT up 4% in constant currency terms and excluding one-off gains. The key drivers of this increase were growth in emerging markets, innovation driven products mix improvements, better operating efficiencies and contributions from acquisitions. The sales margins continued to increase expanding from 11.7% to 11.9%, again excluding off one-off gains. The Flexibles Europe and Americas business had relatively stable volumes and developed markets and continue to bring new innovative products to market. And for those who are interested there are three or four examples in the press release. The Asia Pacific business had a good half-year with higher earnings. Growth across Asia remains strong, despite some customer destocking in China over recent weeks. And acquisitions are delivering strong benefits in line with expectations. The tobacco packaging business performed well with growth in emerging markets, the ongoing trend towards premiumisation and benefits from acquisitions in the Americas and Asian regions. So the outlook for the Flexibles business remains unchanged and it’s for higher earnings. The drivers of this will predominately be growth in emerging markets, benefits from acquisitions and ongoing margin expansion through innovation and operational improvements. Moving now to Slide 13, Rigid Plastics; now the Rigid Plastics business had a strong half with earnings 8.4% higher than the prior period and returns improving to 17.4%. Volumes for the North American business were 2.5% higher than last year. And if we break that down into the sub-segments, custom hot fill volumes increased 5.6%, and carbonated soft drink and water volumes were just modestly higher with the ongoing mix shift from blown containers to preforms. Overall earnings of the North American Beverage business were higher. The Diversified Products business had a strong half with higher earnings and returns. This business is benefitting from improving mix and a great focus on innovation. In Latin America, the business performed very well with volume growth of 7.5% and volumes were higher in all businesses except Argentina, with the business in Brazil performing particularly well. So the outlook for the Rigid Plastics business remains unchanged from the full-year results. Earnings are expected to be higher, benefitting from continued growth across all business units, and the magnitude dependent on general economic conditions in Latin America and weather conditions for the balance of the year in North America. Moving now to Slide 15, so in summary this has been another strong half. From a financial perspective we achieved a solid result with strong cash flow. Returns for calendar year 2014 were above 20%. We’ve announced a strong increase in the dividend and additional return to shareholders through a US$500 million share buyback. There was continued good growth in emerging markets and developed markets remained stable. Margins continued to expand as we focus on innovation, improved product mix and reduce costs. And the acquisition pipeline remains robust. So all up we look forward to another year of higher earnings in 2015. So with that being our introductory comments we’re happy to now take questions.
A - Ken MacKenzie: Yes. Mark - sorry, Michael.
Michael Ward: Hi again, Michael Ward from CBA. Emerging markets, you seem to have done pretty well, you seem to be enjoying better timing and your customers are enjoying in emerging markets. Can you maybe make some comments around where the difference is between your business and maybe in customers businesses?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. We have had a strong half in emerging markets, overall growth in emerging markets was 15%, and 5% of that was contributed from acquisitions and 10% was organic growth, so a pretty strong result, but to be quite frank in line with sort of the trend that we’ve had over last five years in emerging markets, so very much, very much in line. We had emerging market organic growth across all the business groups and in all the regions. I think the standouts - if we were to go through the results, the standouts would be in the Flexibles segment; Indonesia, India, Philippines, Singapore, so sort of the Southeast - Southeast Asia band would be a standout from a growth perspective and very pleased with the Latin American result. Volumes were up 7.5% across the region. Brazil was a standout, we were up 12%. PET continues to take, and I think this is - this will answer the question around the difference between us and perhaps our customers. Our customers would be reporting overall growth whereas we’re package specific. And so, PET continues to gain market share vis-à-vis other packaging formats like glass and cans in Latin America, and we’ve also gained market share, so those two would contribute to perhaps our performance versus what you saw in the broader market. But overall very pleased with the results, and I think on top of that, it’s not just the top line, we’ve had very good margin expansion and very good cost control through the region in the half as well.
Michael Ward: Can you also maybe comment around resin? It seems like you’ve got a little bit of benefit in the first-half, but can you maybe comment more around the outlook for the second half given what we’ve seen with oil pricing?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes. There really was no benefit. As a matter of fact, I think it was a slight headwind in the first half from raw material costs, but there is no - you’re right, there is no doubt that raw material costs are coming down, I mean the price of oil has literally halved in the last six months. So talking about the specifics, raw materials in the first-half - our index, which is looking at our basket of raw materials that we’re using across our business, our index in the first half dropped 8% and most of that would have been in the last couple of months, and it dropped a further 8% in the month of January alone, so 16% in the last quarter let’s say drop in the index for our raw materials. Now nothing has changed in our model, about two-thirds of our businesses is contracted pass-throughs and one-third of the business is non-contracts, so we move prices as and when the raw materials move. For those businesses where it’s two-thirds contracted, there is a lag impact. So when raw material prices are going up, there is a lag impact in us pushing the raw material costs through the customers, it takes three to six months, and on the way down, there is a similar lag and that the benefits aren’t passed on to the customer for three to six months. So all up, we do expect some benefit in H2 and from the drop in raw material prices, but the magnitude at this point - it’s not possible for us to quantify.
Michael Ward: Sorry. Well, but as a reminder, can you just give us a rough sense of what raw materials is as a percentage of your overall costs?
Ken MacKenzie: About 50% to 60%.
Michael Ward: Yeah, thanks.
Richard Johnson: Richard Johnson from Citi. Ken, just going back to emerging markets, just two questions if I may, if I press the numbers on my calculator correctly, which I may not have done, it looks like Eastern Europe wasn’t too much of a drag on growth, but perhaps you could talk a little bit about Eastern Europe and what the outlook is for that business. And thinking think about Rigid South America, if you think about the volume number than the overall sales growth, how much of that of the price accretion is resin, if anything, or how much is real price increases? Thank you.
Ken MacKenzie: Right. You’re right, Eastern Europe wasn’t a drag. We typically talk about Eastern Europe being in the sort of 4%, 5% growth across the product range. Flexibles would have delivered - the Flexibles product segment would have delivered numbers in that order. In the case of Tobacco Packaging, there were tax increases in Russia and we actually had close to double-digit declines in volumes in Russian Tobacco Packaging. Now offsetting that was the introduction of a number of new innovative products, now we’re very much participating at the high-end of the product range in Russia, and we were able to bring a number of very exciting proprietary technologies to the market. And so, margin expansion offset volume weakness and we actually had improved profitability year-on-year in Russia. So Eastern Europe was a very good outcome there, largely driven by mix improvements, and we did have some soft volumes in some places. In the case of Latin America, sorry, Richard, the question was..
Richard Johnson: Just around the sort of price volume calculation, what do you think of the revenue growth that you have shown?
Ron Delia: Yes, Richard, we always caution a little bit around looking at the sales line in this business, right, because of the raw material fluctuations through that. There is an added caveat when it comes to Latin America because of the high inflationary environments we operate in, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina, you’ll see very pronounced increases in revenue to compensate for production costs, which are further down the income statement. So that’s the predominant driver of the top line movement there. It’s very hard to disaggregate. I think the key message is that the volume growth in the region was 7.5%.
Richard Johnson: Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: So Ken, just the comment about China and the destocking that you have seen, I’m just wondering how widespread that has been and how long you expect that to continue for?
Ken MacKenzie: Right, great question. So China volumes H1 for Amcor were up 6.5%, but if you strip out the acquisitions, volume organically would have been up 2.5%. Now that would compare to we are normally talking about double-digit, low double-digit volume growth in China, so clearly below trend. In the second quarter of the financial year, we did see destocking happening in the market, so there was a destocking event. So the first quarter was trading broadly in line and then in the second quarter, we saw this destocking event. Given that we’re now heading into Chinese New Year, we probably won’t get visibility on what underlying growth is until we get to about April. But our experience whether we would be in a global financial crisis or when we’ve had other economic events is that in our business it’s very defensive. There is a destocking event while the supply chain realigns itself and then we see a returning to underlying growth. So we’ll be in a position to update that come - the August result, but they won’t be until April until we see we have some visibility around all of that.
Unidentified Analyst: And, Ken, was that fairly widespread throughout China or was it…
Ken MacKenzie: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: …designated to particular products?
Ken MacKenzie: No standouts.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Michael Courtney: Hi, Ken, Michael Courtney from Merrill Lynch. Congrats on the result.
Ken MacKenzie: Thank you.
Michael Courtney: My question is just around acquisition, so it’s been a while since there was an acquisition of significant size, but the previous acquisitions as you say in the report still contributing 3.3% to the growth. Just wondering if you were to assume there’s no more acquisitions for the remainder of this year, if we then look at FY 2016, 2017, how quickly does that 3.3% taper-off from those previous acquisitions, because some of them would be a fair way through their synergy benefits now I would imagine?
Ken MacKenzie: Right. First and foremost nobody here is giving up an acquisition pipeline, it’s robust. So it’s very much a hypothetical question. When we look at the acquisition pipeline today, in the last five years you’ve heard me talk in a range between $1 billion and $3 billion, and we’re very much in the middle of that that range today. So where is busy now as we’ve been over the last five years working on acquisitions and we have announced a couple, by nature, it’s going to be lumpy, and I think that’s your question. It is going to be lumpy, that’s how we say, we do the deals that we can do, and we pass on the deals that don’t make sense. But that being said we’re well resourced. We’ve got a very capable M&A team. We’ve got a very full pipeline. We’re working on 40 projects, as we speak, and we’re right in the middle of that acquisition pipeline range. And as Ron talked about the balance sheet, the balance sheet has $800 million plus of capacity. So we’re in a good position, as it relates to our acquisition agenda, and we feel really good about our acquisition agenda. When we look at acquisitions, it tends to be about three years to get to the 20% return. So it depends what the acquisition EBITDA return on investment is, but typically, we’re at the value end of the market, and we’re buying developed market assets at five or six times EBITDA, and we’re buying emerging market assets at sort of seven or eight times EBITDA. So the return on investment broadly is going to be around 10% year one, and then its synergy benefits that we’re bringing to the acquisition that ramp up over the two-year or three-year period that bring us to the 20% return on investment that we target, and that’s sort of our history, sometimes a little bit faster, sometimes a little bit slower, but broadly it takes us three years to get there. So you could look at the acquisitions that we’ve done and build a bit of a pipeline and look at where we’re at in terms of projecting forward if there are no acquisitions. We don’t do that work, because we’re actually projecting for that we’re going to continue to make the sort of acquisitions that we have been doing.
Michael Courtney: Just on the numbers that you’ve given the $1.3 billion to $3 billion for the opportunities, you do some simple division and it sort of implies that there’s nothing of significant size in the pipeline, because $3 billion of Autobuf [ph] already, it’s pretty small ticket price going forward, should we be thinking about it as the smallest sort of bolt-ons but just with the high level of frequency?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes, this is a bit how we look at things internally, and it’s always - we always have to be careful about how we characterize the acquisition pipeline. The growth execution pipeline in the $1 billion to $3 billion that we talk about is, we’ve really taken a look at all of the market segments that we’re interested in across our portfolio on one access and on the other access is all the geographies that we want to participate in. And so we’ve done a very detailed analysis in the marketplace. So, for example, medical packaging in China, what’s the opportunity there? And so we’ve done this big 2x2 mapping exercise, we did about five years ago, we identified all the opportunities that we’re interested in. And they go into sort of think of it as a hopper. And out of that hopper, we then prioritized the opportunities based on, is it available? Is it likely to become available? What’s the return? Where does it sit from a strategic perspective? And so there is a big prioritization exercise that goes in and then we work on the projects that we have in priority based on the resources that we have in the business to work against them. And that’s when - so it’s a big hopper of more than 40 opportunities, but any one time, we tend to be working on between 20 and 40 opportunities across the business, because that’s where resource stop to do. Now outside of that, for example, I mean, it’s well known, we missed out on the Constantia deal, but the Constantia deal wasn’t in the pipeline. Other big deals aren’t in the pipeline, they are in the hopper, but they are in the pipeline, because quite frankly some of these assets we know aren’t available. So you’ve got to be and but then circumstances change and then they do become available. So it’s a - it’s very dynamic. It’s - I think you need to take a look at the pipeline as, when I talk about the $1 billion to $3 billion, you need to take that as a guide. The reality is, we’re very busy, and there is no shortage of opportunity. I think the great thing about certainly the flexible packaging space is although we’re a market leader, although we have a large-scale position, although we’re very differentiated, there is still, it’s still quite fragmented and particularly in emerging markets. And so there is a deep opportunity space for acquisitions in the flexible packaging space.
Michael Courtney: Thanks for that. Can I just ask one more quick question just on market trends, just in Europe, that begs some questions all over some weightness in volumes out of Europe and it seems as though your competitors and some of your customers had sort of characterized the calendar years as a strong first quarter and a strong last quarter, but quarters two and three had been fairly weak. Three half, had you seen any noticeable change in the market conditions in Europe?
Ron Delia: Quite frankly no. And that’s likely because we’re very defensive in Europe. If you look at the product segments in which we participate, it’s tobacco, healthcare, and food, so there are three very defensive segments. We’re a bit of a broken record here about Europe for the last five years, we’ve had very stable conditions, and that’s just the nature of our business. Thank you. Scott?
Ramoun Lazar: Good morning. It’s Ramoun Lazar from UBS. So just a couple of questions, just, Ken, maybe could you touch on the market trends that you’re seeing in North American regions, some good growth in that hot-fill custom segment. Was that a bit of a recovery after last year’s sort of seasonal weakens or are you now starting to see some underlying growth coming back to the market?
Ken MacKenzie: It’s a great question, Ramoun. I think a bit of both, where we are cycling a little bit of a weak comp on the custom beverage side, but we’re cautiously optimistic about the economic conditions in the U.S. I think with certainly in the second-half with a good momentum in the first-half and when we look into the second-half, there is a reason for optimism with the oil price having the cost to fill up your car in the U.S. is less and a lot of our volume goes through convenience stores, people have more change in their pocket. I think we’re optimistic about continuing the momentum from the first-half into the second-half in the Rigid Plastics base. But it would be combination of a slightly weaker comp last year, but also more favorable conditions.
Ramoun Lazar: Okay, great. And just one for Ron, just on the operating cash flow, Ron, can you just talk about seasonality in that business and what we should expect from operating cash flow in the second-half given conversion was a little bit weaker in the first-half?
Ron Delia: Yes, Ramoun, operating cash flow is a metric we focus on at the half and in general, the cash flow is quite seasonal, the business is seasonal. So it’s 45%, 55% split, more or less in terms of sales and earnings. Cash flow is even more weighted towards the second-half and cash flow is even more seasonally skewed towards the second-half. So that’s the pattern. If we go back and look over the last ex-number of years since Alcan and ball, and the portfolio is shaped away as it is today, you see this outflow in the first-half. So we would say that it’s sort of right on track and the guidance and the thing that we really look at for the full year is the free cash flow, which is after dividends as well. And we continue to expect to have free cash flow between $200 million to $300 million this year. So we don’t get too hung-up in the seasonality, we know what it is. It’s very - the pattern recognition is there, and this result would be right on sort of trend.
Scott Hudson: Hi, Ken. It’s Scott Hudson at CLSA. Just with regards to, I guess, emerging market acquisitions, are you seeing your customers move into any other regions, or are they moving into regions that they wanting you to follow into?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes, great question. I mean, our customers lead our participation. So if you look, for example, in emerging markets, our major customers would have, at least, 50% of their portfolio in emerging markets, and we’re sitting at 30%. And that’s because they’ve got to go and build the business, they get their business to a certain scale and then they want a packaging supplier that’s capable of taking them forward with innovation and local supply and all the benefits that we can provide. So we’re playing a bit of a catch-up game versus our customers particularly in Asia. And then to your question looking forward, clearly, there is a lot of investment and we’re going into Africa. Right now, it’s not at a point or a scale, where in certain parts of Africa, it would be of a scale that would be of interest to us. But in other areas they still have some work to do to get further in front of us before we’re able to make investments there. But that’s clearly one of the regions which is a white space for Amcor that that’s on the horizon.
Scott Hudson: Got it. And then maybe this question for Ron, given where bond deals are et cetera., and I guess returns where you - the bond yields globally a pretty low, how does that affect your thinking with regards to the 20% hurdle rate?
Ron Delia: It doesn’t change your way you are thinking at all. I mean, biennials ebb and flow, and asset prices ebb and flow, our long-term view on the attractiveness of investments comes back to that 20% pre-tax return. And we’re not changing that because of where we are in the credit cycle, that’s what we’re steadfast when we look at capital projects and we look at acquisitions through the same lengths of the 20% pre-tax by year three is the right measure for us.
Scott Hudson: Okay. And lastly, maybe just one for Ken, six months ago how did you scorecard your Amcor’s innovation, I guess, capabilities as you’re departing the company?
Ken MacKenzie: Great question. Industry leading, but lots of room for improvement. So on the packaging scale we’re an 8 out of 10, on the broader innovation scale, we’re 5 out of 10. So the new guys got a lot of work to do.
Scott Hudson: What’s the difference between packaging and broader scale, how do you - what do you sort of pinpointing on that?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes. I think that Amcor has developed really good capability and process around customer back innovation. So we’re very good at working with our key customers, understanding what their plans and what their needs are, and then collaboratively working with them to bring new products to market, that’s sort of our bread and butter, I think we’re very good at that. In terms of understanding consumer needs and translating that into new breakthrough technologies, similar to what we’ve done with LiquiForm, I think we still have more work to do there.
Scott Hudson: Thanks.
John Purtell: Good day, John Purtell from Macquarie, just a question on Latin America, I mean always a volatile set of countries over there, but it looks a very strong result. I mean in summary, it appears like a whole range of things winch away, which doesn’t always happen, but whether a shift in the PET’s substrate new investment. I mean, how do you view the sustainability of that result going forward?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes, look, John, I think the result, if you looked at our trend over, let’s say, last five or six years, Latin America would have been in that 5% to 7% range, but it is volatile. We would have reported numbers here of 2% or 3%, and we would have reported numbers of 10% or 12%. So this is - it’s a solid result at the top end of the range. I think what makes it very pleasing is that our value proposition is working with the customer base. We have gained market share at the right margins in the region. And so we have grown our market share and the PET continues to be the package of choice for the consumer. So I think all credit to the Rigid Plastics team who have done a just a great result both growing market share and also the operational performance across all of Latin America for the half was very good.
John Purtell: Ken, sorry, can I just follow-on from last question on about Chinese destocking, what’s the market intelligence? Is that the real underlying weakness and demand, or could you argue it wouldn’t be a surprise if you’re getting destocking simply, because you’ve got a raw material price coming very, very fast, decrease coming fast?
Ken MacKenzie: Look, that’s possible, Richard. Look, our experience in our business given that and China is no different. Given that we are consumer staples, there are destocking events when there is some weakening demand and the supply chain realigns, but then it picks up. I mean, if you look at the ultimate financial crisis, in the GFC, that’s exactly what happened. If you look back at our numbers, we had a three or four-month period where there is always some supply chain destocking and then volumes came back to GDP and move forward. So, this is a stable defensive business made up of consumer staples. I would - at this point, it looks very much like a destocking event that you see when economic growth declines a little bit, but in this business, people still need to eat and drink. And so, we expect volumes will move back to underlying growth. Might take a question from phone line, I see Larry Gandler is on the line, Larry?
Larry Gandler: Hi, Ken, thanks. Not to detract from a great result, just focusing on the Europe and Americas Flexibles revenue growth, it looks to be about 1.5% expressed in euros, given the weakness in the euro I would have thought that growth might have been a bit stronger. Just wondering if there is any particular segment that may have detracted from that revenue performance?
Ken MacKenzie: Yes, thanks, Larry. Look, I would characterize - the Europe result has been on trend. You’ve got to be very careful and Ron talked about it earlier, you’ve got to be very careful about analyzing the top line dollars in this business mainly, because it’s very sensitive to raw material movements. We’ve talked about it earlier 50% to 60% of our cost of goods sold is in the raw material. So if they move, we can be moving the exact same volumes, if the raw materials move up, the dollars move up and if they move down, the dollars move down on the top line. So I think you need to be very careful about how you look at the top line in our business. That being said, we would characterize that business as having stable performance in H1, and the team is doing an outstanding job continuing to bring new innovations to market and to keep the costs well and truly under control. There is a big simplification and standardization agenda that continues to bear fruit in that business and you can see it in the continued margin expansion that we’re having across the flexible packaging segment.
Larry Gandler: Okay. Great. So I would have thought raw materials would have added to revenue in that last half, but it sounds like you’re suggesting there might have been a detraction.
Ken MacKenzie: No, I’m just cautioning you not to look at the top line too much.
Larry Gandler: Okay. Great.
Ken MacKenzie: There are no questions on the phone lines. Are there any questions from the room?
Ken MacKenzie: Great. Well, thank you everybody.
Ron Delia: Thank you.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin M. Winters - Director of Investor Relations William F. Austen - Chief Executive Officer and President Michael B. Clauer - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bemis Company Hosted Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin M. Winters: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 conference call. Today is January 29, 2015. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are: Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer; and our Vice President and Treasurer, Melanie Miller. Today Bill will begin with comments on strategy and outlook for 2015. Mike will then discuss financial performance. After our comments, we'll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I'd like to direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you'll find our press release, along with supplemental schedules. We'll be referring to these schedules at points throughout today's discussion. On today's call, we'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis's performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules. I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results will differ materially -- may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 to review these factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill Austen.
William F. Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning everyone. Today we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.57 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.30 for the full year 2014, near the top end of our most recent guidance. On balance, we made progress toward our performance improvement goals. We divested our noncore paper packaging and Pressure Sensitive Material businesses, we increased earnings per share from continuing operations 10%. We increased sales of our target end markets in the U.S. and around the world, including packaging for dairy and liquid products, as well as medical device and pharmaceutical applications. We increased operating profit margins in our Global Packaging segment by 50 basis points with strong momentum in the second half of the year where margins averaged above 8%, reflecting excellent progress toward our goal of double-digit returns in this segment. We invested $185 million in new capacity to support growth and productivity improvements. And with our leverage in check, we increased our dividend and also repurchased 3.8 million shares. While I am pleased with our progress and the changes we've initiated, there is still much work ahead. During 2015, we will commercialize new business with a keen focus on operational efficiency to reduce waste, maximize throughput and achieve commercial scale at an accelerated pace. We will improve our working capital discipline to generate higher cash flow. And most importantly, as we execute our growth strategy in 2015, we will continue to increase our key performance metrics of return on invested capital, return on sales and earnings per share. We confidently begin 2015 with a positive momentum and strength. We are expanding capacity to support growing demand for liquid and medical device packaging. Our pipeline of innovative products is strong and we are prioritizing the most valuable opportunities. Our focus on our customers is more intense than ever. We succeed when we are critical to our customers' success, and it is a priority for the organization to continue to strengthen and expand our relationships with customers. We have aligned our incentive pay plans to our key performance metrics of return on invested capital and return on sales. We have the people and the resources in place and we have high expectations of ourselves. Turning to guidance. Our 2015 earnings per share guidance is $2.52 to $2.67, which represents another double-digit increase over the prior year. Where we are in the range may depend on: Impact of currency in Latin America; volume growth in our target end markets; and successful commercialization of new business. A bit of color on these factors: First, with regard to currency. We have a successful packaging business in Latin America that contributes just under $1 billion in sales. Our primary currency exposure in Latin America is the Brazilian real, which weakened by approximately 10% in both 2013 and 2014, creating headwind when we translate those profits for reporting purposes. Our 2015 guidance assumes currencies at today's rates. The second item that may impact where we are in the range is sales volume. We have a number of growth initiatives underway that we expect to provide volume increases in 2015. In U.S. Packaging, unit volume in our dairy and liquid end markets increased by mid-single digits in 2014, reflecting strong demand for our Flexible Packaging used in puddings, yogurts, fruit slurries, baby foods and sauces. Our investment to expand capacity for these products enables our customers to continue the conversion from rigid to flexible packaging formats. We will continue our strong pricing discipline in end markets such as confections, snack, pet food and various dried foods where technology and differentiation is less important. Clearly, this strategy has resulted in lower sales volumes in these categories during 2014 and we are selectively improving our competitive position with investments to support these end markets. In Latin America, volume in the first half of 2014 was lower, reflecting softer consumer demand. But volume grew in the second half of the year. We expect our high-barrier product commercializations to provide continued strength and differentiation in this region. In addition, our health care business is strong. We increased sales volume in medical device and pharmaceutical packaging this past year and we expect this to continue. With the increased complexity in the global health care market, our unique packaging is critical to meet the stringent demands of safety and sterility. And finally, the third item that may impact where we are within the range is our successful commercialization of new business. As we ramped up various new business awards in 2014, our margins were dampened by startup waste and inefficiency. As I previously stated, we have taken actions to overcome these growing pains and we will return to normal efficiency levels during 2015. I continue to be confident as we move ahead with a heightened sense of urgency to achieve our full profit potential. Now with regard to the resin environment. First, as I have mentioned before, it is important to remember that our business is designed not to win or lose from movements in resin prices. Over the years, we have worked to shorten the lag time associated with passing along resin price changes to our customers in order to minimize volatility in our earnings. 2014 was a relatively stable year for resin with increases in polyethylene in February and September, followed by decreases in November and December. Regardless of where prices land during 2015, we will continue to pass along changes in resin prices per our customer agreements. Even if resin prices drop, we would only anticipate a slight tailwind in the operating profit during the quarter following the movement. In summary, 2014 was a pivotal year in the execution of our strategy. From our previous internal focus on optimizing our footprint to an external focus on accelerating disciplined growth, delivering innovation and continuously improving all we do. I am optimistic about the prospects for growth in 2015 and I am pleased to welcome Mike Clauer as part of the Bemis leadership team. Mike's industry experience, business perspectives and drive for superior performance will be integral for the successful execution of our strategy. Before turning it over to Mike, just a reminder that we will be holding our first Investor Day on March 10 in New York City. Our global operating team and I look forward to seeing you there. Now I'll turn it over to Mike to discuss the financials.
Michael B. Clauer: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. I had the pleasure of working with some of you in my past roles and I'm looking forward to meeting the rest of you in March. As Bill mentioned, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.50 -- $0.57 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.30 for the full year in 2014. This is a 16% increase compared to the prior fourth quarter and a 10% increase for the full year. In the fourth quarter, our business is typically slower than our seasonally stronger second and third quarters. During the quarter, we continued to achieve year-over-year growth in our target end markets, both in the U.S. and globally. I will begin by commenting on each reportable segment followed by overall company performance for the fourth quarter and the full year. As I discuss revenue by reportable segment, refer to Page 5 of the supplemental schedules, which provide detail on the year-over-year changes in net sales by reportable segment. First, U.S. Packaging. Our U.S. business represents approximately 2/3 of total Bemis sales from continuing operations. In the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of the March divestiture of our Paper Packaging Division, our U.S. segment delivered organic growth of approximately 2%, which was driven by, primarily by favorable price mix. Next, I'll cover full year net sales and provide more color on unit volume. For the full year 2014, and again excluding divestitures, our U.S. segment delivered organic growth of 1.1%, which was driven primarily by favorable price mix. Overall unit volumes for the full year were down approximately 2% as compared to 2013. Some insights on that breakdown. Unit volumes increased in our target dairy and liquid end markets by mid-single-digit percentages compared to last year. Unit volumes also increased for industrial application, as -- applications, as well as multipack film, which is used as over -- for bottled beverages. Prices -- [Audio Gap] Driven by consumers -- [Audio Gap] By higher cheese prices during 2014. Recently, cheese prices have started to fall, so we would expect demand for cheese to rebound. For the full year, unit volume declined mid-single-digit percentages in our dry foods, bakery and confectionery and snacks. U.S. Packaging operating margin for the fourth quarter of 12.9% compares with adjusted operating margin of 12.5% for the prior fourth quarter. For the full year, operating margin increased 13 point -- increased to 13.1% compared to 12.8% the prior year. Both our fourth quarter and full year returns benefited from the paper package divestiture and higher unit sales to our targeted dairy and liquid end markets. During the third and fourth quarters of 2014, our returns in U.S. Packaging were dampened by startup costs associated with new business commercialization. As Bill mentioned, we are keenly focused on operational efficiencies improvements in 2015, which will ensure we meet our full margin potential on this new business. Now, I'll move to our Global Packaging segment, which represents approximately 1/3 of total Bemis sales from continuing operations. Our global segment delivered another strong full quarter, following the middle of Page 5 in the supplemental schedules, in the fourth quarter, Global Packaging sales decreased 1.5%. Currency in Latin America decreased sales by 9.3%. Excluding currency, Global Packaging delivered strong organic growth of 7.8%, driven by both favorable price mix and unit volume increases. Unit volumes in Global Packaging during the fourth quarter were up approximately 1%, with increases in our target end markets of high-barrier perishable food and also medical devices and pharmaceutical packaging. Moving to full year sales, total Global Packaging net sales for 2014 were down 0.6%. Excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, our global business delivered organic growth of 4%. For the full year, overall unit volumes were down roughly 1%, more than offset by increased price mix. Unit volumes in the first half of the year were down as a result of overall soft consumer demand, but unit volumes increased during the second half of the year. Specifically, unit volumes were strong in our target end markets servicing health care and high barrier packaging for food, such as meat, across Latin America, Europe and Asia. Global Packaging operating margins for the fourth quarter was a strong -- was strong at 8% of net sales and compares with adjusted operating margin of 6.8% for the prior fourth quarter. For the full year, operating margins increased to 7.6% in 2014 compared to 7.1% in 2013. Currency negatively impacted operating profits by $6.4 million for the year. Increased operating margin for the year was a result of higher selling prices and better mix in target end markets, with volume growth in the second half of the year contributing to higher returns. Now on to consolidated Bemis results. Selling, general and administrative expenses for continuing operations was 9.6% of net sales for the full year, a decrease compared to 10% for the full year of 2013. This improvement is a reflection of disciplined cost controls and we expect this discipline to continue in 2015. R&D expense for the full year was $44 million, a 10% increase, consistent with our strategy to accelerate the pace of innovation and commercialization of new products. The income tax rate from continuing operations for the full year 2014 was 34.3%. We expect the rate for '15 to be approximately 34%. Cash flow from operations for the full year 2014 totaled $248 million. Cash from operations was unfavorably impacted by roughly $50 million due to onetime items in the first half of the year related to plant closures and divestitures. In addition, working capital was a use of cash by approximately $150 million. Roughly half of this use was accounts receivable and the remaining use was related to increases in inventory and decreases in payables. Regardless, this level of cash flow is unacceptably low. One of my priorities for 2015 will include a sharp focus on working capital discipline, especially in managing inventory levels during new product commercializations. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were approximately $70 million, bringing our total year capital spend to $185 million, in line with our expectations set earlier in the year. We anticipate 2015 capital expenditures to be between $185 million and $200 million to support growth and productivity projects in our pipeline. Quickly touching on our leverage metric, net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the fourth quarter was 2.1x, in line with our targeted rate of 2x. During 2015, we intend to generate strong cash flow, invest capital wisely and not accumulate cash. Our priorities continue to be: Support our dividend program, invest in capital projects, fund strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Looking next at ROIC, return on invested capital, the goal has been to improve this metric year-over-year. Following Page 6 of the supplemental schedules, in 2014, ROIC increased to 9.7% compared to 9.3% in 2013 and 9% in 2012. As outlined on the schedule, we have chosen to adopt and assume a constant tax rate with this calculation to better depict true operational performance. We will continue to target year-over-year improvement in ROIC by making sound capital investments and improving overall earnings performance. Turning to the full year outlook. Before reviewing the details of 2015, I'll comment on our decision to provide annual guidance on a go forward basis versus the prior practice of annual plus quarterly guidance. To be clear, this is -- new practice is being implemented as a matter of preference only. There is no changes in the predictability of our business. Similar to history, you can continue to expect second and third quarters to be our seasonally strong quarters in a given year. As Bill mentioned, we have established an adjusted EBIT -- EPS range for 2015 of $2.52 to $2.67, which represents a double-digit increase compared to 2014 continuing operations. Our guidance assumes foreign currency remains at current levels and would exclude any non-reoccurring items. Let me walk through a few of the items that we have considered in this range. First, as you may recall, last summer, $400 million in bonds were refinanced from a fixed interest rate of 5.65% to a combination of variable rate debt, that in today's environment, equates to approximately 1%. Assuming rates stay low, this will continue to drive a favorable year-over-year pretax savings of approximately $1.5 million per month through July of 2015. Next, pension expense. Our frozen pension plans remain adequately funded and no contributions to the plan are necessary in 2015. With the recent required changes to the mortality tables and decline in the discount rate, partially offset by favorable 2014 asset returns, our pension expense will increase by approximately $5 million in '15. The remaining year-over-year increase in EPS reflects the improvements that will result as we execute our strategy to sell more high-margin products and to invest for growth in enhanced productivity, while maintaining a sharp high end cost. In summary, I am looking forward to a great 2015. I made the decision to join the team at Bemis because this company has a great deal of opportunity and potential. Potential to improve its financial performance, increase its competitive advantage and create shareholder value. We have a lot of work to do. Our strategy is right. We have resources aligned and we have the drive and talent to execute. I see great things for this company and am proud to be part of it. With that, we'll turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. [Technical Difficulty] We are experiencing a momentary pause in today's conference. Please remain on the line. [Technical Difficulty] We'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, my question was really for you and it was around the guidance. And specifically more around your specific methodology and philosophy around the guidance. Specifically, your new management team -- right, I'm not sure -- I know you're part of the company before, but you're switching from annual guidance, I'm sorry, from annual and quarterly, but more specifically, are you thinking more top down? Are you rolling up from the segment forecast? Are you more conservative? More aggressive? Just trying to get a feel for the way you think about the guidance.
William F. Austen: Yes, it's a good question, Scott, and it's one that we've kicked around here quite a bit. In March, we're going to lay out our objectives for the next several years. And the global leadership team, the operating team that's going to be at that meeting, has got specific plans for their regions of the world that are going to be projected over the course of a longer term, okay? Not a 90-day plan but more of a -- where are we on the strategy, where are we on the journey, where are we on improving our ROIC trend moving forward. Where are we on our return on sales trend moving forward. So we're taking an approach that says, we're going to continue to meet quarterly. We're going to continue to have these conference calls quarterly. We're going to continue to tell you where we are on our journey on a quarterly basis, but that journey is going to be where are we in our longer-term journey. Where are we on our goals and objectives that we've set out for the company over the longer-term. And that's going to include product vitality. What kind of new products we'll be bringing to the market? When are they going to hit the market? What do our sales trends look like? What do the macroeconomic trends look like in those regions of the world that are going to project us onto that journey. So to do that on a quarterly basis, it's just doesn't -- not something we're going to do. Going to tell you about the year and we're going to give you, not guidance, but we're going to give you information as to where we stand on our annual journey and where we are in our -- hitting our goals and objectives on the longer term.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Sounds reasonable to me. Just as a follow-up, then. You've had pretty healthy changes in ROIC the last, I guess 3 years, I mean you're up almost 140 basis points by your numbers, 2011 to 2014. Is -- do you have an ROIC target for 2015 you want to share with us today?
William F. Austen: No, we're going to stick to the same knitting we've always had, Scott, in that we're going to continue to improve our ROIC, the trend is going to be up as we go forward. And in March, we'll lay out what we think our goals and objectives are going to be for the next several years, so you'll get to see that in March. But we don't have a target that we're going to tell you for 2015. But we've done good work. I mean, if you look at the teams, what they've been doing, we've been focusing on, just as much as to what we're not going to do, which is just as important as what we are going to do. And when we focus on what we're not going to do, we start to drive that ROIC up.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I wanted to talk briefly about working capital, Mike. Big use of cash in 2014. What might we expect in 2015?
Michael B. Clauer: I'm working on plans right now with the organization to make sure that cash, that working capital is not a use of cash in 2015. I'm really not in a position yet, having been here only 2 months, to determine if it's -- could be a source. But clearly, that's going to be one of my goals, is to, #1, cash flow from operations before working capital changes should be flat. There should be no impact to working capital. And I'm going to try to -- determined to find ways to make it a source in 2015.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. If I could take the follow on. Can you just discuss with us, in the Brazilian business, how much of that is consumer-oriented business versus like protein business that might be more affected by exports and might actually see a benefit from the decline in the Brazilian real?
William F. Austen: Yes. This is Bill. The business that we have in Latin America, specifically Brazil, along your question, our protein business is now becoming more consumer-focused than it had been before. We have a, we had a very nice business in fresh red meat for export, which is specifically at your point, yes, we should see a little bit of help from the export market in Brazil. But as we talked last time on the call, as packaging formats become more and more sophisticated, which they have been somewhat in Brazil, we start to get more into the consumer segment with our high barrier materials and our high barrier products. So we've got a mix now. we've got a mix of export business and we have a mix of consumer business as it relates to protein.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay, and just in ballpark terms, in Brazil or in Latin America, how much of it should we think about as kind of direct to the consumer packaging and how much is sort of intermediate packaging?
William F. Austen: Mostly, what we do in Brazil, in Brazil itself is focused at the consumer. So you're looking at probably, if I had to cut it, 90% is, would be consumer-driven and 10% would be for export.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, just in terms of CapEx. Can you just give us some more color as to where the CapEx dollars are going, maybe by geography and also maybe some of the new product examples. $200 million, that would be a record for the company and the company is smaller, given the divestitures over the last few years. So just curious why that number is so high.
William F. Austen: Ghansham, this is Bill. You look at what we have in place, we have a 60-plus plant network in place around the world. And just the fact that there are 60 plants, there's maintenance, and run-the-business kind of capital that's required with 60 plants. We also have an emerging business in Asia Pacific, not just on the food side but in health care and in the electronics arena. And we'll be investing in all 3 of those product, I should say, market segments, in Asia-Pacific as we go forward. And if you look at the plant network in the United States, in beef, U.S. Packaging, you see that we've got productivity gains to be made with some investment that we can put in, and those productivity gains help us expand margins, improve service and quality across the U.S. Packaging network. So we've got good opportunities in U.S. Packaging for both growth in liquid dairy and high barrier, but we also have good opportunities for margin expansion with productivity improvements through capital investment. And in Europe, we continue to have a very nice protein business, a high barrier business in Europe, where we invested last year. And we'll be investing in some more of those same type of assets that we put into Europe for flat film. We'll be investing into that kind of technology in U.S. Packaging. So if you split it out, it's -- there's a good portion of it goes into U.S. Packaging, a portion of it goes into Asia Pacific. We have some of the CapEx budget going into Latin America. But those are basically the 3. Europe, we invested in quite nicely in the last year and now we're going to bring those assets up to speed and fill them in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my first question was, again just on working capital. So I seem to remember a lower working capital guidance for the year than what wound up being the case. And there was, I think, round numbers, around a $50 million use in the fourth quarter. So I am assuming that, that's related to some of the new product and new customer awards you've been given. But if -- could you confirm that, and provide a bit more detail? And if that's not what's going on, could you provide what the drivers are there? And then I had a follow-on.
Michael B. Clauer: You are correct. I mean the bulk of the use in Q4 was really driven by, I think we just underestimated the, what the impact of inventory we're building for commercialization around the world. It's not just in North America, it was also in China. And #2, and when I really dug into the details, we just had our sales mix in the Q4 was kind of more towards customers that had longer terms. So that's kind of what happened.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the 2-part related follow-on. One, if you underestimated the inventory on commercialization, does that give us any pause in terms of what the customer takeaway or interest in these new products, or a retail pull has been on them thus far? I.e., is there kind of an inventory problem or not at all? And then more broadly, cash from operations, recognizing you're still trying to put pen to paper on what working capital will look like for the year. Is there any way to give us a ballpark for cash from operations? I mean, by my math, could it be $400 million to $450 million in '15? Thanks, guys and I'll turn it over.
William F. Austen: George, I'm going to answer a piece of that question and Mike's going to answer the rest. Let me answer the question about the commercialization, is there an inventory issue? No, there is not. I feel really good about 2015 and heading into 2015, we came out of 2014 with projects that had already been through the trialing phases that we're scaling up, and are going to be commercialized as we go into Q1 and Q2 and Q3 of 2015. And this is not just in any one region of the world, but it's in every region of the world. In the U.S, we've got great traction with our Evolution product line now, which is fully commercialized and in the market. We've got in Latin America, the conversion of glass bottle for drinkable yogurt to a unique cup and lid structure that was trialed late last year, hit the market in December and now is at full scale-up in retail in Latin America. In Europe, our VSP films have really set ourselves apart from the competition with the type of film we make and those films have created pull through new customers for other products that we have not sold before in Europe. And in Asia Pacific, we qualified several new film structures for the electronics industry, medical and pharma and food in late 2014 that will ramp up through commercialization in Q1 and Q3 -- Q2 of 2015. So I am -- I feel really good about where we are this year versus last year, coming out of 2013. Feel really good, feel very positive about where those new products and where they are in their commercialization, but also where they are in the marketplace. I'll turn the other part of it over to Mike.
Michael B. Clauer: Yes. As far as 2015, the way I think about this at this point, your numbers are in the zip code. If you take EBITDA at the midpoint of our guidance, our range, and then you subtract cash taxes and cash interest, I come up with a number of $410 million, before any changes in working capital. And as I mentioned earlier, I'm committed to make sure that working capital is not a use of cash in 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: It doesn't sound like you're assuming much tailwind from resin in your guidance, so what are the key drivers you're including? And what are you assuming for volumes in your base business versus like the commercialization of new business?
William F. Austen: Phil, this is Bill. Your question about volume, what we looked at, what we're looking at for volumes into 2015, and I'm not going to talk about base business or new business. But overall, 2% unit volume growth in U.S. Packaging is what we're looking at, and in global, it's 4%. And that's -- includes the, what I would say is the base business, as well as the commercialization efforts that we've gone through in late 2014 into 2015 that will bring new business, new customers to Bemis Company. That's -- those are the numbers we're looking at.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just looking at price mix, particularly in U.S. Packaging, it does appear like it accelerated a touch, based on what you provided color for the full year. One, is that correct? And when you think about 2015, parsing out between mix and price, how are you thinking about it? Are you seeing any pushback from your customers on -- with lower raw material prices at this point?
William F. Austen: Well, we get push back from our customers even when raw material prices go up. It's not just when they go down. But yes, as I said in my prepared statement, our model is built around trying to decrease the volatility in earnings when raw materials go up and when they go down. So if they go up, they go down, we got about a 90-day window and then it's our pass-through, our contracts with customers would pass through those up-and-down movements to the customer base. So of course, we get push back all the time. There's always conversation about whether raw materials are going up or are they going down, but it's no louder than it normally would be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question is on the volume front. I think you mentioned that internationally, of the 4% organic growth, about 1% was volume. And I guess 3% would've been price and mix. I want to clarify that. And then as we look at the 7 -- I'm sorry, at the 1.1% in the U.S. for the full year, how would you split that between volume on one hand and price and mix in the other?
William F. Austen: In global, you'd see that price mix is up, okay? And unit volume was down, primarily due to a slow first half of consumption driven in Latin America. As we went through 2014 in the second half, we actually gain some volume and gain some share in Latin America to offset the down first half of the year. So price mix is good. We continue to push very hard on price, being a leader in Latin America and that would include Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. And we did see volumes increase in the second half of 2014 based on some share gain and some new products that we delivered to the market.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Right. I'm sorry, I meant it was down 1%. And how about in the U.S, when you look at the overall organic of 1.1%. How is that split between volume on one hand and price mix on the other?
William F. Austen: Again, sort of -- somewhat the same, very strong price mix of about 3% and unit volume down about 2%.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And on the same basis, as we look at 2015, and I appreciate the guidance before of 2% in the U.S. and 4% global, will there be any drag, I guess is the way to look at it, from the divestiture effect or is that all behind us now as we look at 2015?
William F. Austen: That's gone. That's behind us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the resin side. So I know you guys have said a number of times that you really have set up the business in a way where you pass it through pretty quickly regardless which way it's moving. But I'm curious, because my understanding is that 40% of the business is not contractual. If I'm understanding sort of some of the commentary from the past correctly. Can you just talk about the transmission mechanism of lower resin prices to customers that are not on contract?
William F. Austen: Yes. About 2/3 of the business, let's say, is contract. The other third is not. So you're close. It's very close, it's ballpark. But on the customers that are noncontract customers, obviously, we try to hang on to those price deltas as long as possible. We are not out there knocking on their doors letting them know that, "Oh, resin just went down, here's your $0.05." We try to hang on to those as long as possible. We create new structures. We create new features, so that we can try to keep those gains in-house. But we are not out there proactively lowering price to noncontract customers.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it's really a function of supply and demand fundamentals for that?
William F. Austen: Correct.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And can you maybe talk to those? I mean, how does the marketplace feel now for that noncontract business? Is there maybe potential for you to be able to hang on to some of the benefits for longer than in past periods? Is it any different at all in terms of the competitive landscape for the noncontract business?
William F. Austen: No, it's the same as it always has been. It's a competitive environment. We do create unique differentiated structures in a lot of those parts of the world that run well on equipment, that maintain certain features and functions that, that customer is desiring. So in some cases, it's hard for them to move it, in other cases it's not. It just -- it is -- there is a competitive dynamic that exists. And we try to differentiate ourselves to maintain that competitive dynamic in our favor.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to come back to, really, maybe go into a little more detail with regards to the earning lock [ph] going from the $2.30 to [Audio gap] the $2.60 at the midpoint of your guidance range. But one of the areas I wanted to center in on was kind of the raw material component. And if you buy about 2 billion pounds of resin a year, if resin only fell $0.10, and we're looking at some decreases that are bigger than that, that might be $200 million on an annual basis. Even if you held that for a quarter and only for a portion, you could be talking about still something, could be $25 million to $50 million of a benefit for you on the earnings side. And maybe something, $25 million to $30 million on the working capital side. So -- maybe help me understand how that's factored into your guidance or is it? It sounds like it's not, and maybe what I'm missing with my math.
Michael B. Clauer: Chris, this is Mike. I've got industry experience and where I came from, I think your statement is probably correct that companies that really pass through quicker are going to get a lot of short-term benefit. The one thing I will say as I've come to Bemis and started really understanding their structure here, they've done a really good job of taking the volatility out of earnings because of resin and when it goes up. The flip side of that is when it's coming down, we're not going to benefit. I mean, I think the actions this company took to take that volatility out is great. I mean, they're beyond -- they really aren't in the business to make money on commodity price movements. They're in the business of differentiating themselves and creating superior products. But to your comment, you would get some benefit in working capital if resin starts coming down, I don't see those type of numbers in the P&L.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just had a quick follow-up on CapEx. You ran $135 million, $140 million in CapEx for a number of years. And I was just wondering what you consider maintenance CapEx without the PSM business to be. And Bill, as you look at the 60-plus plants in the Bemis system, as you took over as CEO, are there any assets that you feel so [ph] were undercapitalized, or can you give any thoughts there?
William F. Austen: Yes. If you look back over the last couple of years, we -- what we spent, actual physical cash spent on capital, it was basically a 50-50 blend between maintenance, environmental health and safety, run-the-business kind of capital and capital for growth. So your $130 million number, about $65 million was spent on maintenance and run the business, and $65 million was spent for growth. As we go forward, that dynamic is going to shift, and we're going to be -- so rather than 50-50, it will be more like 65/35. 65% spent on growth, 35% spent on run the business, environmental health and safety, maintenance kinds of items. So that's the shift that's taking place in 2014. 65%-plus of our capital went toward growth initiatives and growth projects, because we haven't -- we hadn't put the money toward the growth lever on capital, now we're doing that. And that, again, that is growth for volume growth, new products, new assets to run new materials, as well as productivity improvements to enhance margins.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, okay, that's helpful. And then just shifting to the cost side, can you talk a little bit about the cost inflation you're expecting outside of resin in 2015? And if there are big moving pieces there, like labor, that you expect to go up maybe higher than in previous years?
Michael B. Clauer: I'll take that one. This is Mike. When I looked through the, kind of the budget assumptions, sat down with the HR department and the purchasing group and looked at the various cost areas. I would say a good number to use is, 2% to 3%, so call it 2.5% for your non-raw material cost.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mike, one question on the cash flow. As you mentioned in response to a previous question that you expect Op cash, excluding working capital of about $410 million. Based on the CapEx guidance, you're talking about $220-ish million for the year. Is that, do you consider that a normalized number for the company? And what about the $50 million onetime drag that you referenced earlier, from $20 million [indiscernible]
William F. Austen: Well first of all, [indiscernible] I think the $400 million, $410 million is the right number at the 2015 midpoint EBITDA. Clearly, as this company grows, that cash flow will be improving. But no, I -- I mean, when I look at the facts that -- based on this year, if you take cash taxes and cash interest, that's the starting point.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. So there are no one -- you had the $50 million onetime drag in '14, that obviously won't recur, and that's reflected in that.
Michael B. Clauer: No. At this point, there really is no meaningful onetime items that we can see.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And just two others. One on -- in terms of the inventory buildup, and do you expect that to result in a meaningful boost to sales growth this year? And just more generally, what are your sales growth expectations this year on a constant currency basis?
William F. Austen: What we said earlier was 2% in U.S. Packaging and 4% in global, and that inventory, some of that inventory build that occurred in late 2014 is focused right at that target, being able to hit those targets through trial, scale-up, commercialization of new products.
Michael B. Clauer: And to further answer, if there is no new products developed throughout '15, yes, you would expect that inventory to come down. But I -- we've got a lot of meaningful projects in process that quite honestly, could potentially, we could have the same situation as we look at the end of 2015. But I will tell you, the one thing we're going to look at differently is how, we #1, build commercialization, inventory for commercialization. And #2, if we're doing it, it's going to, we're going to clearly have more transparency with you to let you know what we're outlooking as we go out throughout the year.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: I guess the first question, I wanted to just clarify, Bill, on the volume outlook. The 2% in the U.S. is quite a bit greater than what Bemis has been able to deliver in quite a while. And I was wondering what gives you the kind of increased confidence this year? Is it more of a call on just the underlying end markets improving after several sluggish years? Or do you also see the new product pipeline that you've got out there also kind of at a greater level than what you've seen in the past, or a combination of both? And in the context of also some of the leakage from the less differentiated products, the same, sort of what stops that trend from continuing into '15?
William F. Austen: It's a good question, Al. And where we -- what we look at is really, where did we come through 2014 as we got toward the end of the year? We had -- we didn't have a lot of trials, we had a lot of startup of new types of structures for new products and some of them are now commercial, they're in the marketplace and they're ramping up. So if you look back over time, maybe we weren't that robust with some of the real live, on the deck plates products that are going to be in the market that customers have accepted. And looking at the end of '14 into '15, there's real tangible products in U.S. Packaging that are entering the market now. And customers, they're feeling a little bit better with the lower gasoline prices that are out there and they're -- customers like the large CPGs in the United States are looking at, okay, how do I re-energize some of my brands? What can I do to get brands into different formats? And for some of these large customers, we're one of their very go-to type packaging companies to help them come up with new designs and new features. So I look at that and say, gosh, we're in a great position versus years gone by, where brands weren't trying to be re-energized or reinvigorated. So some of our large customers are bringing out some new formats for -- so they can drive their brands and get some growth in the market that they haven't had until the past few years, and we're in a good position to help them. And we've gotten products in their hands throughout the second half of 2014 that will become commercialized in 2015. So I feel good about that. The team in U.S. Packaging feels really good about that, both on -- in dairy, liquid, meat, cheese, protein snacking, on-the-go, all these types of smaller formats are entering the market. And we're in a great position to support them. We have products, we have awards and we've got new things entering the market. So going out of '14, I feel very confident about '15's volume.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. That's helpful. And along those lines, going into '15, and maybe this also relates to, maybe the inventory situation at year-end that surprised you. Are you seeing any destocking on the part of customers, in anticipation of lower resin prices, maybe creating some volume headwinds in the near term in destocking? Is that -- was that a factor in some of the inventory situation at the end of the year that you mentioned, with working capital and kind of what you're seeing as early days of 15?
William F. Austen: No. We did not see that. At least I did not see that, I don't think any of our business team saw that either. What we're seeing is good orders flow, good orders rates going into the year, which is nice. It's comforting.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So my first question is for Bill. Obviously, there's been a lot of leadership changes at Bemis over the last year. And I'm just wondering with the addition of Mike now, do you feel you have the management team in place to kind of put your strategic vision, going forward, on your transformational changes to Bemis?
William F. Austen: Absolutely. I feel really good about the leadership team that's in place at Bemis. And not just here in the United States, but all around the world. We've got a great leadership team, everybody's on the same page. We're all aligned. They know what not to do, which is very important, and they're focused on what we should be doing and how we're working closer and closer with customers to be their packaging company of choice, and that's our vision. Our vision is to really get wrapped around customers and be passionate about our customers' success and in turn, we will succeed. And the whole team, the whole global team is on that page.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And my second question is for Mike. It's really I -- my line got cut off, I'm not sure if I could have [ph] these issues, but when you were talking about trends in meat and cheese, specifically the lower cheese prices and the potential impact there, can you just repeat and clarify what you had said earlier?
Michael B. Clauer: Yes. What I said earlier was our volumes in 2014 decreased mixed single digits in the cheese category and that was really kind of driven by higher cheese prices. And what we're seeing now as we come into '15 is cheese pricing is declining, coming down, so we would anticipate we'd see kind of a pickup back in our packaging for cheese.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 follow ups here. First on resin. Can you talk about any unrecovered cost increases you might have had in 2015 (sic) [ 2014 ] around resin increasing and prices not keeping up with resin inflation?
William F. Austen: No, Scott, we didn't see that.
Michael B. Clauer: I think your comment was in 2014 and as I had mentioned that, the company's done a really good job of minimizing the volatility of price moves.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. No, I was just asking, a lot of curiosity on the subject, and so I figured a look back would be more telling of the strategy than a look forward on resin and your ability to pass that through, so that's why I was asking the question. Then Bill, just -- the last question is on compensation. You noted the change to ROIC and ROS, and I just was hoping you could maybe frame that a little bit for us, versus compensation structure before?
William F. Austen: You bet. 2015, the global leadership team is, their incentive compensation package is 50% based on return on invested capital, 50% based on return on sales. And in the past, it was a couple of items, one of which was earnings per share and operating profit, safety, those kinds of things. But we're getting the leadership teams around the world focused on return on invested capital, making decisions based on return on invested capital and return on sales. We've marched down this road, this is the road we're on, we changed the compensation plans to align with where we need to go and what we want to push on, and everybody's behind it.
Operator: Next we'll take a follow-up question from Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Yes. I wanted to touch base on 2 things briefly. One is the share repurchase activity in 2014 was much more active than we've seen in recent years from Bemis, and I wonder whether we should take that as a kind of change in direction in terms of use of cash going forward? And then also, I wondered if you could talk about the timeframe to getting the global business to those double-digit margins.
William F. Austen: I'll take the first part of that question. I think if you really look at our share repurchases and then considering we had some cash from disposing of 2 businesses during the year, it was really just driven by keeping in line with our 2x leverage. And we will continue the same kind of strategy at 2x levered. And if we have excess cash and we don't have a strategic acquisition to make, we would clearly repurchase shares.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: OK, and then the global margins?
William F. Austen: [indiscernible] Right, the other part of your question was global margins. What we've said in the journey that the global team is on, is that 10%-plus in 3 to 5 years. And they worked very hard this past year and a half to put themselves in the position to do that. And we're really excited about what they've got going on as we go through 2015 and beyond. So 3 to 5 years, 10%-plus, and they're well on their way to do that.
Operator: Next we'll hear from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question of 2 is around investment. So if we look at your guidance on capital spending, what would be the factors if you could call them out, that would drive CapEx to the higher end of your range? Is it really more product and market growth-driven, or is there any swag factor that you've built in, just for FX? And then you mentioned that you're investing relative to confectionery snack and dry. And it sounded like it was to combat what is a more competitive market there. I just wanted to confirm that, and if so, hear what you're doing there, and then I had a follow-on.
William F. Austen: Sure. The -- if you look at our dairy and liquid categories, there's a lot of growth in the conversion of, from rigid formats, glass can to flexibles. There are some unique assets, some unique materials that we use to do that, to drive that and differentiate ourselves. That kind of asset, we're going to be investing in that type of asset, we'll be investing in, so. And they're not like, just off-the-shelf. There's some unique things that we build into that equipment that causes the price to be a little bit higher. If you look -- the other part of that question, George, was around dry food, snack, confection, those things. We've got some aging equipment that we've had and we're going to be reinvesting in some of that aging equipment. It's not just focused on dry snacks and other, and dry snacks and confection and candy. And it can be used for other kinds of operations as well. But it allows us to drive nice gains in productivity and margin enhancements when we do that. So I'm going to go back to our -- to what our hurdle rate is for when we look at investments. And what we've always, what we've been looking at for the past 18 months or so is a 5-year average, 15% return on invested capital. So if the business teams come in with a project that has a 5-year average of 8%, well, they don't bother coming in with those, because the hurdle rate is 15% return on invested capital, 5 years. So if we have that kind of project to invest in, we're going to invest in that to drive our ROIC up.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Appreciate the color there. And then my other question is a little bit bigger picture. Covering Bemis over the years, it's never been a company that hasn't been lacking new products. There'd be stick packs, there were ice films, there were 7-layer films. But the marketing of those products, at least from my vantage point, tend to be very one-off. It wasn't done perhaps as comprehensively, maybe not done as much from an end market standpoint as should have been the case. Now that's my opinion, you may disagree with that. And if you do, please lay that out. If you agree somewhat with the premise, what are you doing differently, going forward, to market the suite of products that Bemis has to offer more effectively? What incentives are you putting around that? And what are the risks in trying to do that?
William F. Austen: George, it's Bill. I'll take that one. If you look at what we've done with U.S. Packaging, and the way that we're structured now in U.S. Packaging, we're structured around what you just described. Those end market categories. And in the past, we may not have been structured that way. So it was more of a one-off sell to a, to customer X. And customer Y never found out about it because it was just a one-off sale. But if you look at the way we're structured now, around market categories, meat, dairy, liquid, meat, cheese, dairy, liquid, grocery. It gives us, it gives that business team the opportunity to do just what you described. How do I take it across -- how do I take this structure, call it stick pack, across the market category versus just to one end customer? So we're trying to get that leverage, not just in U.S. Packaging but now, with the global leadership team we have in place, we try to take those opportunities for structures like a stick pack, like liquid, like a canned glass conversion into flexibles to the other global team in Europe, in South America and in Asia Pacific, so we've got a much better connected organization that is trying to do what you're describing, George, in leveraging the scale, the technology and the scope of Bemis's advantage and differentiation, to not just one customer but to the category, with which the customers reside. And that's where we're headed.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mike, one just clarification question on cash flow, sorry to ask another question about cash flow. But the company went into 2014 expecting Op cash of at least $500 million. It's going into this year expecting Op cash of a little over $400 million. Obviously, you divested pressure sensitive, but I don't think that accounted for anything close to $100 million. So can you just help me bridge kind of where the company was going into last year and where it's going into this year, in terms of -- on the Op cash flow side?
Michael B. Clauer: Well, I'm asking myself the same question, because I can't bridge it from last year. Pressure sensitive was about $50 million of cash flow. I think there was some assumptions made that there was going to be some working capital that was going to be a use and it just didn't get there. When I look at my simple way, when I -- I've said it before, if I just take EBITDA less cash taxes and cash interest, that's where I get to.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up for you. Can you talk about what you think you can do in that productivity in 2015? So productivity that would actually impact at the bottom line of the company? You talked about some issues with, just not being as efficient with equipment, given new product launches. And so maybe taking that into account as well, what do you think you can do in productivity in 2015?
William F. Austen: Yes, Alex, while I don't have it summed for the entire company, each region has got very specific targets and goals for waste scrap productivity improvements, whether it's speed increases on equipment, whether it's throughput increases on equipment. Every region of the world has got aggressive targets for reductions in waste scrap, improvements in quality and increases in speed and throughputs. So it rolls up into their numbers and I'm -- I just don't have that summed for the company. We have very specific plans in each of the regions, though.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understand, Bill.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers today for any additional or closing comments.
Erin M. Winters: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin M. Winters - Director of Investor Relations Jerry S. Krempa - Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller William F. Austen - Chief Executive Officer and President Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Company Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin M. Winters: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter 2014 conference call. Today is October 23, 2014. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Controller and Interim Principal Financial Officer, Jerry Krempa; and our Vice President and Treasurer, Melanie Miller. Today, Jerry will begin with comments on the quarter's financial performance. Bill will then provide color on business performance and outlook. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you will find our press release along with our supplemental schedules. We'll be referring to these schedules that points throughout today's discussion. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules. I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this teleconference are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 to review these risk factors. Now I'll turn the call over to Jerry Krempa.
Jerry S. Krempa: Thank you, Erin, and hello, everyone. This morning, we reported record total company adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.67, which is near the middle of our most recent guidance. This is an 11.7% increase compared with 2013 third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.60. As previously announced, during the third quarter, we entered into an agreement to sell our global Pressure Sensitive Materials business. The third quarter operating results of this segment as well as a pretax impairment charge of about $45 million are aggregated and reported as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Consequently, my discussion of our financial results will reference only continuing operations, which consists of our U.S. and global Flexible Packaging businesses. We have included supplemental schedules on our website that recasts certain financial information on a continuing operations basis. Specifically, we have provided a recast of both our historical earnings per share amounts and our income statement. Looking to Page 3 of these supplemental schedules, you can see record third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.61, a 10.9% increase compared with last year's recast third quarter results of $0.55 per share. I will now discuss the sales and operating profit performance of each of our Flexible Packaging reportable segments. As I discuss sales figures, please refer to Page 5 of the supplemental schedules, which provides detail on year-over-year changes in net sales. In our U.S. Packaging segment, which represents approximately 2/3 of total Bemis sales from continuing operations, we saw a decrease in third quarter net sales compared with the third quarter of last year. This decrease is attributable to the divestiture of our Paper Packaging Division earlier this year. Excluding the impact of this divestiture, overall organic sales in U.S. Packaging increased 1.1%, driven by favorable price mix. While overall unit volumes were consistent with the prior year, we did see unit volume increases in our targeted higher value dairy and liquid end markets, which grew at strong mid-single-digit percentages compared with last year. We saw low single digit volume increases in our beverage and over-wrap end markets. Our processed meat category increased modestly while our cheese category decreased modestly. With respect to the balance of our product categories, on average, we saw mid-single-digit declines in volumes for dry foods, bakery, confectionery and snack food packaging. U.S. Packaging operating profit for the third quarter of 2014 was 13.3% of net sales compared with 13% of net sales in the third quarter of last year. Our return on sales benefited from the divestiture of paper packaging and from higher unit sales to our targeted dairy and liquid end markets. Our return on sales was adversely impacted by startup costs associated with the commercialization of new business. Next, I will discuss our Global Packaging segment, which represents approximately 1/3 of total Bemis sales from continuing operations. Referring again to the middle of Page 5 of the supplemental schedules, this segment reported a net sales increase of 2.9% when compared with the third quarter of last year. Currency movement negatively impacted sales by 2.5%. If you exclude this negative currency impact, organic sales grew 5.4% over last year. Approximately 4% of this growth came from favorable price mix. In addition, we saw mid-single-digit volume increases of medical device, pharmaceutical and dairy packaging, and modest volume increases in meat and cheese packaging across Latin America, Europe and Asia. These volume increases were partially offset by declines in the dry food, snack food and confectionery packaging categories. Third quarter operating profit for the Global Packaging segment was 8.6% of net sales, up a full percentage point from last year's 7.6%. Currency negatively impacted operating profit by $1 million. These higher returns in Global Packaging are attributable to higher selling prices and better mix in target end markets such as medical device, pharmaceutical, meat and cheese and dairy. These end markets are consistent with our growth strategy. Switching to a discussion of consolidated Bemis results. Selling, general and administrative expenses from continuing operations was 9.5% of net sales for the third quarter, down from 10.1% in the prior third quarter and a reflection of disciplined cost control programs. We continue to expect these expenses to be below prior year levels. Research and development expense was 1% of net sales, consistent with the prior year. As we accelerate the pace of innovation and investments to deliver growth in our target markets, we expect to continue at or slightly above this rate in future years. The income tax rate for continuing operations was 34.9% for the third quarter. We expect the tax rate for the full year 2014 to be approximately 34.5%. Cash flow from operating activities for the third quarter totaled about $121 million. Working capital levels have increased for a number of reasons, including raw material cost inflation in inventory, which ultimately gets to accounts receivable. Higher selling prices related to increased sales of value-added products and higher inventory levels associated with new business commercialization efforts. For these reasons, full year 2014 cash flow from operations is now expected to be in the $375 million to $400 million range. This range is slightly ahead of last year but below our previous full year guidance. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were about $43 million, bringing our year-to-date capital spend to approximately $113 million. We expect cash payments for capacity expansions to be substantially higher during the fourth quarter as compared to the prior quarters this year. Accordingly, we maintain our guidance for full year spend at approximately $175 million. Quickly touching on our leverage metric, net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the third quarter was 2.1x, close to our target rate of 2x. On August 1, $400 million in bonds matured. These bonds had a fixed interest rate of 5.65%. We refinanced these bonds with variable rate debt consisting of a $200 million bank term loan that will mature in 2022 and another $200 million of commercial paper. In the current interest rate environment, replacing the fixed rate bonds with these variable rate debt lowered the interest rate on this $400 million of debt from 5.65% to approximately 1%. Let me now turn the call over to Bill for his commentary.
William F. Austen: Thank you, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Before discussing my thoughts on the most recent quarter, I'd like to step back a bit and share with you my perspective as I begin my new role as CEO of Bemis. I am truly honored to be leading the company at this important and exciting time in its history. We are at a turning point. As you are aware, we have been internally focused for the last few years. Specifically, we integrated our largest acquisition in company history. We closed 9 plants as part of our facility consolidation program and we divested 3 non-core businesses, a tremendous amount of internally focused effort that is over. And now, it is time to focus our resources externally, on accelerating disciplined growth, delivering innovation and continuously improving all we do. We will accomplish this in a variety of ways and the result will be improved performance metrics. Specifically, I am committed to improving return on invested capital, operating margins and earnings per share. In the months ahead, you will hear more details about our external focus and the long-term financial objectives to which we will hold ourselves accountable. We begin this next chapter from a position of strength. The facts are, we made great products that are differentiated from the competition. We have deep and valued customer relationships and we have the scale, capital and dedicated employees to provide our solutions to customers anywhere in the world. Now turning to our most recent third quarter. As Jerry mentioned, we had a strong quarter. We delivered record EPS and operating margin improvement. We grew sales in our target end markets and positioned our business for additional value-added volume growth in future periods. In our U.S. Packaging segment, we improved operating margin to 13.3% as compared to 13% last year. While this improvement speaks of our strategy of trading up by selling a greater portion of value-added products, we could have done better. This quarter, our results we're dampened by waste and inefficiency related to commercialization of new business. Without operational issues, our margins would have been roughly 50 basis points higher. These results are not acceptable and we expect more from ourselves. And we are taking actions to overcome these growing pains. As we move forward, we will continue with our strong pricing discipline, capacity additions and upgrades. We will also execute on operational improvements to deliver increased profit from our growth projects. I am confident in our progress and we will continue with a heightened sense of urgency to achieve our full potential. With respect to volume, the U.S. packaged food industry has been relatively flat and has lagged overall GDP. It is clearly a tough volume environment. We expect our volumes to exceed average food growth levels. For instance, one trend that continues is the conversion from rigid glass and can formats to flexible plastic packaging. We are expanding our capacity to meet these demands. While our customers may see flat volumes in their business, when they convert more of their existing volume to flexible formats, it's growth for Bemis. Another trend we see is that our customers are using packaging to rejuvenate their brands and increase their share of consumers' wallets. These trends will drive increased sales of value-added products that will also improve our performance metrics. Let me share some examples of these successes. We see more customers expanding their brands through our flexible packaging for sauces used in slow cookers, skillet meals and other quick prepare and serve meals. These liquid applications provide modern convenience and appeal, which help our customers grow their business. We see increased sales of films used for lidding labels and thermoform cups that enhance value in dairy applications such as yogurt and pudding. And we see continued interest from our customers for packaging to meet the growing trend of snack-size protein portions for cheeses, jerkys and other on-the-go foods. As we move forward, our pipeline of new products and innovations remain strong. And as I have mentioned before, while overall volume is important, our main emphasis is to sell more value-added products to customers. Looking at our Global Packaging segment. I am very pleased with the solid results this quarter. Compared to last year, we improved operating margin by 100 basis points to 8.6% of sales. This margin improvement was driven by increased unit volumes, our continued pricing discipline and favorable sales mix as we focus globally on introducing higher technology value-added packaging to developing markets. Unit volumes increased across all geographies of our global business from Latin America, to Europe, to Asia Pacific. Specifically, as Jerry mentioned, we saw increased unit volumes in our value-added packaging for dairy, protein, medical device and pharmaceutical applications. For example, in Latin America, where we already have a strong position in dairy and liquid, we are beginning to gain share in meat and cheese categories where our customers are using Bemis packaging to modernize their product lines. In Europe, our high-barrier skinned cook films are now being sold for use in cook-in applications for fresh meat. In Asia Pacific, our new extrusion platform is also poised to grow with the expanding needs of our protein and medical device customers within the region. We continue to introduce our 9-layer, high-barrier films to customers for use in processed meat applications. Turning to the topic of capital. As previously guided, we continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $175 million this year. This increased investment will fuel growth in 2015 by meeting packaging demands in our target end markets, including liquid, medical device, pharmaceutical and global high-barrier platforms. As we move beyond 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be around D&A to support increasing global demand for flexible packaging. With respect to raw materials, suppliers announced a $0.03 a pound polyethylene increase in September, and we are passing this along in accordance with our customer pricing agreements. Specialty resins have been relatively stable in recent periods. I'd like to comment briefly on the pending sale of our Pressure Sensitive Materials business. Over the last 10 years, our investment in pressure sensitive business did not keep pace with the market. While there's certainly a pressure-sensitive growth strategy, successful implementation would require substantial investment. Because Bemis' strategy is to invest in our higher-margin Flexible Packaging segments, we made the decision to divest the pressure-sensitive business and focus on our core. We plan to use the proceeds of the sale to fund growth of our Flexible Packaging business where margins are higher and our growth prospects are substantially greater. Turning to guidance. We expect fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $0.53 to $0.58. Full year guidance from continuing operations therefore falls in the range of $2.26 to $2.31. Considering the results of discontinued operations, our full year guidance range is consistent with the middle of our previously stated guidance. While fourth quarter tends to be a seasonally lighter quarter for our business, I am confident that we will deliver improved performance as compared to the prior fourth quarter as we deliver on our strategy to sell more value-added products. Overall, I'm pleased but not satisfied with the progress we are making toward our long-term strategy. We are delivering sequentially improving margins. We are growing our target end markets with value-added packaging solutions and we are positioning ourselves for long-term growth. As I mentioned before, we will move ahead with a heightened sense of urgency as we aggressively attack our operational challenges to deliver increased profit from our growth projects. And we will continue executing the capacity additions and upgrades to support the increased demand for our value-added products. I'm excited to begin this next chapter for Bemis and I'm confident in our ability to succeed. Thank you for your time today. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Alax Wang sitting in for George. Quickly on resin trends. I know you touched on it on your prepared remarks but we've seen some upward movement, both in polyethylene and polypropylene. Can you talk about your anticipation for resin maybe going forward?
Jerry S. Krempa: Right now, Alax, we see resin as being stable right where it is. We don't -- we haven't built anything in that shows an increase where basically stable resin prices moving forward.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And just as a follow-up, touching on Global Packaging. Are you seeing any change in tone in 4Q versus 3Q other than normal seasonality? What are your expectations for trends in 4Q?
Jerry S. Krempa: Alax, I am-- I really like our Global Packaging business. We have put in some capacity over the last couple of years. We've gotten that capacity positioned where we want it. We're making great inroads by introducing new technologies into the Global Packaging arena and we're going to continue to be bullish and push on our Global Packaging business. If you look at the Global Packaging formats, right? It's like a staircase. At the bottom of the staircase is low sophistication, at the top of the staircase is high sophistication in packaging and higher margins. The capacities we've put in, the investments we've made over the last few years help our customers move up that sophistication staircase, and we feel really good about what we're doing in global and where we're headed both in the food side and in the health care side of things. So we see that while I can't say that we're going to see 100 basis points move every 90 days in our margins, we're going to see an upward trend as we go through the next many, many quarters. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll now go to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird and Company
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. Can you help us understand why the trend's actual multiple for PSM was so much lower than recent multiples in the packaging industry?
William F. Austen: Yes, let me take that one, this is Bill. When I came to Bemis, it was 14 years ago, I actually came into Bemis as the President of our Pressure Sensitive business. And I know that business very well. I know that market very well. And that business, on it's -- when it's on the top of its game in its best day, it's going to be a 6% to 7% return on sales business. And we, Bemis, stopped making investments in that business some time ago. So if you go back 14 years ago to when I started, a lot of new capacity in MACtac came online. A couple of new coders were started up in the year 2000, 1999 to 2000. Since that time, the industry has moved forward. The market has moved forward. Technology has moved forward. Wider Web widths, faster speeds, different adhesive technologies. And we didn't really stay up with those market improvements. So there's going to be, while the business will grow minimally, to really grow that business, it's going to require some new capital injections, some new capital investment. And if you look at Bemis Company as a packaging portfolio, we've got much higher and better returns and higher margins in our Flexible Packaging business that don't -- so the MACtac's pressure sensitive margins really don't compare with our Flexible Packaging in margin and return. Some we're going to take money and put it into Flexible Packaging. We weren't going to continue to invest to make business at 7% returns. So it was just a function of where best to focus the company. We've got the company focused on its core around Flexible Packaging, that's where we have better growth opportunities and we have better rates of return.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And just another one for you Bill. Where do you think the strategic focus is going to be as we think ahead to the next 5 years or so. Is Europe still a market with strategic significance for the company? And should we expect more capital to be allocated towards Asia?
William F. Austen: Yes, it's a very good question. Europe, for us, we're on a -- we're doing quite nicely in Europe. We like the position we have in Europe as a niche player. As a niche supplier in high-barrier, health care and protein packaging. And we will be making some targeted investments in Europe that are focused at healthcare and high-barrier packaging. This example of the skin cook film that I mentioned in my verbiage, that's a product that's skin tight, which is a really great product that helps sell a new format for fresh meats and preprepared foods in Europe. And one of the large U.K. grocery chain has just moved their volume of fresh meat cook-in type meets to our skin cook package, which is a great example of the investments we've made over the last few years coming now into the market with new technologies. And in Asia, we're going to continue to invest in the emerging economies because as I talk about that staircase of low sophistication to high sophistication, as food safety standards continue to move upscale across the entire Asia region, not just China, our products are ideally positioned to help those customers sell their products in the market. So we're going to continue to invest in those regions of the world where we have an advantage and where we can be differentiated.
Operator: And we'll now go to Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Usha Guntupalli on behalf of Alex. Looking at the U.S. Packaging segment, could you provide more color on the margin improvement initiatives, particularly pricing and better operations? What are you doing differently now versus a few years back?
William F. Austen: Well, I'll take that question here in that if you look at what we're doing differently is it's really the focus on the higher-margin value-added product portfolio that was not as -- it isn't that we weren't there a few years back, it's just that now we've got some unique technologies, some unique assets focused at these higher-margin, higher technology types of packaging applications and that's where we're putting our focus. And third quarter, some of the improvements that we're going to be making going forward now is we have made some key personnel changes within the U.S. Packaging segment. We're putting some more engineering resources around the commercialization of new products so that we can bring those products to market quicker without hiccups and we're accelerating the installation -- we're accelerating the capital deployment into the U.S. Packaging segment so we can bring some equipment to that region quicker and reduce some of the bottlenecks that we've had.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So are we talking about 100 to 200 basis points improvement over the next few years from this?
William F. Austen: Yes. Our target that we've stated, I've stated, for U.S. Packaging is that we want to be between 15% and 18% operating profit within the next 3 or 5 years.
Operator: And we'll now go to Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Very refreshing comments, Bill. I want to just turn back to global. I mean, your margins are still quite a lot lower there. What are going to be the kind of 2 or 3 keys to driving that margin up? And can you get it to the target you just laid out there for the North American business?
William F. Austen: Yes. Mark, first off, our target for global is 10%-plus operating profit, and it goes back to that staircase, okay? Just think about that staircase. At the bottom of the staircase, low sophistication packaging, low value, low margin. Top of the staircase, high value, high margin. And we're helping our customers because we're introducing technologies in those parts of the world that come from the developed world, right? They come from Europe. They come from the United States. We're bringing formats to the customers that they've never seen before, that they haven't had the opportunity to market their products in. So we're bringing those formats to those regions of the world and that's going to help us move up that staircase and get the higher margins and that's our focus in the emerging world, along with health care. The health care packaging, if you look at now across Asia, there's more and more healthcare being afforded to the population. So there's a good portion of healthcare pharmaceutical medical device packaging that we're now getting into the Asian marketplace. With our footprint in Kuala Lumpur, with our plant in Suzhou, China, and now our film platform we can actually make films for that region in the region from our film plant in China. So we no longer have to ship films from around the world into that region. So we can better serve those customers with new technologies developed within the region.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Just as a follow-on. That business skews pretty heavily, I think, in terms of sales right now to Latin America. Is that going to change? And right now, are you seeing any impact from the slowdown in Brazil?
William F. Austen: A couple of questions there, right? The first one would be, yes, we are heavily skewed in Latin America, right? And it's going to take us a while to build the Asian business to that size. But we are growing the Asian business quite nicely. Now have we seen improvements in Latin America from a volume standpoint? We have target end markets, right, that we'd like to talk about, liquid, dairy, meat, cheese, protein, if you will, as well as health care. We've seen nice gains in meat and cheese in Latin America and we've seen some gains in our pharmaceutical business down in Latin America. So these are target markets that we like to be in and that's where we're pushing and that's where we're seeing volume growth.
Operator: And we'll now go to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of the cash flow guidance you gave, how much of the $60 million to $65 million operating cash flow guidance reduction was attributable to the divestiture of PSM versus the inflation and high working capital that you talked about? And can you just put into context to what extent you're expecting the inflation and/or working capital and how much that surprised you?
William F. Austen: Yes, Adam, I'm going to have Jerry answer that one.
Jerry S. Krempa: Hi, Adam. Well, in terms of the range we gave in terms of the reduction, just one thing I want to point out is where we end up in that range will partially depend on the timing of the pressure-sensitive divestiture. As we indicated, we're targeting closing that transaction in the fourth quarter, but depending on exactly when we do will impact where we are in that range. For instance, out of the reduction, about $10 million to $20 million of that reduction relates to pressure-sensitive. Considering the lack of operations we'll have in the fourth quarter, whether it be 1 month or 2 months or whatever. And also, some related closing costs to the transaction. The balance of that reduction is roughly 50-50 split between 2 items. One item being raw material inflation, that becomes part of inventory costs, and eventually works its way to accounts receivable as these cost increases are passed on to our customers. And secondly, it's the inventory quantity increases in the supply chain resulting from the inefficiencies we experienced as we commercialized some of the new business that Bill talked about. We will see these levels shrink over time as the action plan Bill mentioned is implemented and as we install some new equipment that will add capacity and help alleviate some of these bottlenecks. So the balance of it, like I said, is split between those 2 items.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So along those lines, to the extent there'll be some of those issues as transitory, what do you consider normalized operating cash flow for the company following the sale of PSM?
Jerry S. Krempa: Right. I think, historically, pressure-sensitive contributed about $30 million a year to our cash flow. This year, it was substantially lower because of the Stow closure costs, which included the withdrawal liability from the multi-employer pension plan. So that's the impact pressure-sensitive would typically have on our cash flow. I think, as we get -- come out next quarter, we'll be giving you guidance for the future.
Operator: And we'll now go to Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: I wanted to follow up on Adam's question on the cash flow. And can you give us a sense for how you're thinking about working capital? It looks like it's going to be a use for the year? How you see that ranging that's factored in your operating cash flow outlook?
Jerry S. Krempa: Well, as I think I just indicated, we talked about pressure-sensitive impact for the balance of the year. We talked about raw material inflation that's become part of inventory and it becomes part of AR as we pass those costs through. It's the inventory quantity increases that we've seen in the supply chain because of the commercialization of new business that Bill talked about. That will take a little longer to flow out. We need to implement our action plan, we need to add the capacity that's in process and that will help alleviate some of those bottlenecks. So over time, we expect that to shrink.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And are we thinking like a use of $20 million, $25 million net of working cap this year? And just can you help us quantify the sort of inefficiencies, what that was as far as cost in this quarter and how long you think it's going to take for that to alleviate? Thanks.
Jerry S. Krempa: In terms of the use for the year, Al, I would imagine that's going to be about $50 million for the year. And like I said, the balance I laid out for Adam, we talked about the reduction, $10 million to $20 million is PSM, the balance of it is roughly between the raw material inflation and the inventory ramp-ups. The inventory ramp-ups, I would think that throughout next year, as we get through first and second quarter, we'll see some pretty significant decreases in that.
Operator: And we'll now go to Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit more about the growth investments that you're making. A couple of things. One, can you talk about how you look at the returns profile on those investments, whether payback period, et cetera? And then, also at the same time, are your customers investing alongside you? Is that a requirement? Or is this investment you're making irrespective of customer contribution?
William F. Austen: Yes. First off, let me -- as I've said earlier in my comments, one thing I'm committed to is improving our performance metrics, one of which is ROIC. And what we're now looking at from a capital investment perspective, we have an ROIC hurdle. Now let me explain this, okay? What we're saying to the teams that want to invest in capacity and invest in growth is that their investment in capital has got to have a 5-year average of 15% return on invested capital hurdle. So at that period, they look at it and they say, okay, does it have a 15% average ROIC over the first 5 years of the project? And we have got plenty of opportunities that the guys -- that the teams are coming in with that have got those -- that hurdle in excess of. So again, it's not a one point in time but it's a 5-year average for that investment, needs to have a 15% average ROIC. And if it does, we just gauge them next to all the other projects and go about it that way. Now the second point to your question was our customers investing. Some of them, yes. And some of our investments are geared up and matched with some of our customers' investments that they're making in some new type of packaging technologies. A lot of that takes place in the emerging world because there's new packaging formats coming to the emerging world, so we're linked up with some of our customers in the emerging world as well as the developed markets as well.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just following up on that. You said you had plenty of opportunity that the teams are coming in with. I mean, was it just not a desire maybe over the last few years to aggressively go after these projects? And on the CapEx equaling D&A, I assume you mean ex PSM, if you could just clarify that?
William F. Austen: Yes that is correct, your comment about ex PSM, yes that is correct. Over the last couple of years, as I talked earlier and I talked to a lot of folks already, we had a very big internal focus over the last few years because we made the purchase of Alcan. We consumed a lot of capacity when we purchased Alcan, and we first coordinated specifications in that Alcan hotdog film. We had a hotdog film. They had cheese packaging, we had cheese packaging. We took our resources and had them go through the portfolio and say, okay, which is the better spec. We determined which were the better specs and then we determined where is the best place to run all these specs. So that was the plant consolidation effort where we moved pieces of equipment around our portfolio around the footprint of plants to determine where best to run things and where best to move equipment. We now have absorbed that capacity that we purchased with Alcan and now we're back on the trail of investing for growth with new capital.
Operator: We'll now go to Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I first want to say, the excitement and the -- some of the ideas that you're bringing on the table here, particularly looking at returns and margin profile is very, very exciting and refreshing, and we look forward to having all these goals unveiled to us.
William F. Austen: Thanks. And coming from you, that's a complement.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions I wanted to ask. First was when we think about some of the volume trajectory through the quarter. On the surface, looking at the slides, it would appear as though you kind of doubled previous rates as much better. But I think, in earlier comments, you mentioned a good chunk of it was price. Can you give us a sense as to where you are in the price curve? If we look over the last few years, seemingly, you're probably still a bit behind, but it sounds like you're starting to catch up. The pricing actions you're taking, are they more formulaic material-based? Are you out looking for areas to recover higher labor, other miscellaneous, inflation costs? Where are you at kind of in this process?
William F. Austen: Yes. First off, we are aggressively driving price. Now we do have, within the United -- within North America, we have a large percentage of our business on contract, so that's formulaic, as you put it, Chris, right, where we have a price adjustment formula and we adjust our price that way. The portion of the business that is not under those types of formulaic contracts, we're out there aggressively managing price to our advantage when we can. Outside the United States, we don't have these large formulaic price adjustment formulas with customers, and we are outdriving price outside in Global Packaging and in our health care area all the time. It's just part of the way the business teams are now metric-ed for their performance. It's on price and pushing price and not being in a lag.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So this is something then that takes a little bit of time, maybe a couple of years to work through, but this is -- that's -- the crux is it's in process?
William F. Austen: It's in process and I wouldn't say it's going to take a couple of years. This is -- we got to get this done now and there's a sense of urgency around it with the teams.
Operator: We'll now go to Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Bill, you talked about using the proceeds of PSM to fund growth. And as you look at growth over the next 2 to 3 years, do you have a bias towards organic internal opportunities versus M&A? And then, on the M&A front, you obviously had the large Alcan acquisition a few years back, and since then, everything has been kind of smaller bolt-on, below $100 million. As you work towards M&A, given that you're pretty much at your target range, is there an opportunity to do something a little bit bigger? Or how do you think about that going forward?
William F. Austen: Yes. I'll tell you, here's how we're thinking about it. First off, obviously, the best or close to the best use of cash is to fund organic growth where we have high-margin, differentiated product technologies that we can bring to customers to help them grow, that's what we're going to do, okay? That's number one. We want to grow organically and we think that's the best use of our cash. We're also going to be out looking for acquisitions. There's no question that we are going to get back on the acquisition trail and we're going to be looking for those things that add footprint, add scale, add technology. And that's going to be -- that's not going to be consistent around the world, if you will. It will be different in different regions of the world. So yes, we're funding organic growth, funding acquisitions, paying a dividend, we paid a dividend for -- increased our dividend for 31 years, and I've jokingly told people, I'm not going to be the guy that goes down in history that's changing that, and the fourth one would be opportunistic buys of share buyback. And we have an authorization, I think, of 8.3 million shares from our board.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just following up in the U.S., you spoke about the weakness in dry food, confectionary, snack food, and we've been seeing this for a number of quarters. I'm just wondering, as you went through the 3 months of the quarter and maybe in October, consumer confidence has picked up, gasoline prices are down, grain prices are down. Are you seeing any indication that there's just a little bit stronger growth for packaged food demand in the U.S. or is it pretty much steady as she goes?
William F. Austen: I really like the way you think because one of the -- and it's anecdotal, right? As you talk to some of the major CPG companies, they will tell you that gasoline price directly impacts the sale through convenience stores. And that's where they make their highest margins, is that impulse buy, somebody puts $20 into their tank, goes inside, and it's got $5 left or $4 left and they buy the P3, the Kraft P3 protein pack. They buy the Hormel prewrapped turkey wrap. We like that because those are our packages. That's where we sell and it's that on-the-go grab-and-go type foods that we like. So I don't have any data wrapped around it, but I would hope to see that as gasoline prices come down, we're going to start to see food volumes go up. And that helps us, it helps our customers, and in turn, then that helps us. But as we get into October, we've got nice orders, trends going on in October right now, so I can't say that it's related to lower gasoline prices, as you might suggest, but we could certainly use that low gas price as a tailwind.
Operator: We'll now go to Philip Ng with Jefferies and Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Bill, encouraged to hear about some of these longer-term margin targets going forward. Is that mostly going to be driven by price or some of these growth investments you're making? And then, I was pleased to hear you're taking a more aggressive stance on price going forward, but with oil falling, at least in the short to medium term, how is that conversation going to go for your customer, because I would imagine it's going to have an impact on resin at some point.
William F. Austen: We like the fact that we got a robust pipeline of innovation and new products coming out because that's when you can price the product the highest, right? It's when you launch a new product to meet a customer demand, to help them get the package off the shelf, get it into the consumers' cart better right out of the chute, you get high prices. With a falling demand, if you will, or low oil prices, the Asian demand is softening, so, yes, could there be some weakness in resin pricing or in specialty chemicals going forward? Maybe. But we're really driving this thing from a mix perspective and increasing the mix of higher value-add products and that's where we have higher margins and higher prices. Right now, we haven't had the conversation, obviously, about falling resin prices because they haven't fallen. So we're going to continue to push on price the way we have been, not just in the U.S. but around the world.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just switching gears a little bit into your Global Packaging business, it's nice to see margins tick up pretty nicely in Q3. What's driving that improvement? Is that mostly mix? Mostly price? And this level of improvement, is it sustainable going forward?
William F. Austen: Yes. It's really the fact that we're starting to get traction with new product introductions in the emerging world. I mean, a large -- one of the largest or the largest processed meat company in Brazil has taken their entire line of processed meats and cheese to one of our packages that we've had no traction in before because they were just selling it in a 3-side seal nylon poly pouch before. Now it is in a very, very upscale, high-end, high graphics, peelable, resealable package that sells in Europe. They're now taking across their entire line in Latin America. So it's new product introductions. The skin cook film over in Europe is a brand-new technology that comes from our skin film format, which we're just putting in additional capacity so we can meet those customers' demands. So it's really the introduction of new products, higher-end value-added products. Just keep thinking about that staircase. We're helping our customers move up the staircase to higher value-add, higher-margin products.
Operator: We'll now go to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question is just a couple of housecleaning things. The 15% average ROIC, is that pretax or after-tax?
William F. Austen: After-tax.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. After. Okay. And I might have missed this and I apologize, but you mentioned some long-term margin goals. And I know you've, in the past, the company has said that the global segment is something more than 10%. Do you have a similar -- do you have a target for the U.S. business? And I think, you said that there was an overall target as well?
William F. Austen: For U.S. packaging, it's 15% to 18% operating profit. That's our goal. That's where those guys are headed. That's their target. And what you said, Chip, about global is correct, 10%-plus.
Operator: And we'll now go to Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: As we sit here today, I guess, more importantly, I guess, as we go into 2015, I was wondering what your -- what is your rough mix of business between your high-barrier, value-added products versus low barrier and commodity business, and how should we expect that to trend over time?
Melanie E. R. Miller: In the U.S., our current mix of high barrier, so we think of high barrier being meat, cheese, dairy, liquid, it's roughly half of our U.S. business. And then, the other, dry foods, candies, snacks, et cetera, all those things would make up the second half. And Bill, I'll let you comment on your thoughts of mix of business as we move forward.
William F. Austen: The mix of -- we want to shift. Obviously, we've wanted to shift and we have been shifting and we've been moving from the lower barrier, if you will, and to the middle -- to the high barrier. So we've been moving away from more and more of the bottle over-wraps, snack food packaging, candy confection packaging, up to the left-hand side, if you recall, our investor presentation, the left-hand bars of meat, cheese, dairy, liquid, where there's high barrier, more technology. Customers aren't willing to put those brands at risk so they've got to have high quality, great service and constant differentiation of products. So we'll continue to move in the direction of high barrier. And right now, I don't have a percentage in my mind as to where that's going to be. It will -- the trend will continue to increase toward the high barrier side of the equation.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, as a follow-up, you mentioned a focus on ROIC targets for your new products, product development. And I'm just wondering, what type of incentives or potential changes to accountability that your team now has to achieve those targets? And to be fair, I think, in the past, the industry as a whole has kind of just struggled to get paid for some of these innovation and benefits from long-term projects?
William F. Austen: Right. Well, in 2015, not just the officer team at Bemis but the regional teams and people in the regions will be incentive comped on ROIC, ROS, growth and safety. So ROIC becomes a part of the regional teams and so does return on sales. So we're really putting a hard push and a drive on return metrics and improving those return metrics.
Operator: We'll now go to with Frederick [indiscernible] with Lumbar Investment Partners [ph].
Unknown Analyst: A couple of follow ups. But really, I wondered if you could talk about what the use of proceeds from the pressure-sensitive divestiture, whether given the underperformance of the shares, whether you expect, given the authorization of insured repurchase, to resume that? And then, thinking about your targets, it's great with ROIC, but can you commit on any M&A that you -- that these deals will be accretive to earnings having just divested a business that was -- it turned out to be heavily dilutive to earnings. Can you commit to making acquisitions if you do even bolt-ons that will be accretive to free cash flow earnings?
William F. Austen: Yes. First off, the question around M&A, yes, we are looking at -- when we look at M&A right now as a -- 3 years, it needs to be accretive to ROIC, that's one of the goals we have as we look at that and how we're going to drive synergies and now we're going to drive growth so that we can achieve the accretive ROIC. And the other part of your question was around? Oh, share repurchase, I'm sorry.
Unknown Analyst: Share repurchase.
William F. Austen: We're authorized from our board for 8.3 million shares. And again, we've got a view of capital allocation as organic growth, inorganic growth, share repurchase, dividend, not necessarily in that order, but that is one of our criteria that we look at with our capital allocation.
Unknown Analyst: And just as a follow-on, it seems like one of the most interesting opportunities you have is really on the health care side, pharma and medical device and the packaging there. And can you tell us just where you are in terms of that and how much new business you gained? You sort of hinted, I thought, when you said the commercialization of new business, am I to assume that, that really is coming increasingly from Pharma? And what should the impact? Should that also increase margins? Is that a higher-margin business? And is the trend really that, that's where the lion's share of your new wins should come from?
William F. Austen: Yes. We really like what we would call health care, okay, which is medical device and pharma. And we have been making investments in that area for quite some time, and good investments for the reasons you stated. It does have good margins. And it has very nice margins and healthy margins. And if you look at our growth in that segment, we're up mid-single digits from a volume growth perspective. So another reason we like that. Also you have very sticky customers in health care and pharma. As long as you continue to produce high-quality, on-time products with new innovation, you keep those customers for a long time. And it's all about quality, it's all about cleanliness, it's all about having world-class manufacturing, which we do. And just along those lines, we talk about our CapEx investment. We just broke ground a couple of weeks ago on an expansion for growth in our health care business here in Wisconsin, a $25 million investment to double the size of one of our health care facilities. And that's about growth. So that's where we're headed with pharma, it's a great question, because that's where we're going.
Operator: We'll now go back to Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Yes. I wondered if you could just put a little color or perhaps some numbers about how the roll-in from some of these new business wins will occur as we move through 2015?
William F. Austen: Yes. It's not like there's a step function there. As customers begin to commercialize and they begin to trial market and then the trial market goes to -- more of a trial market goes to more states, goes to more regions, it ramps up. So you got to really view the incoming business as a ramp, not a step.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. But it sounds like, in the quarter, you must have been building some inventory in front of some -- I would assume some pretty significant product rollouts.
William F. Austen: Yes. We were. We did bring on some business within the quarter that will ramp up through 2015 and we had to get it through trial, we had to get it through customer, I can't think of the word right now, but it's where they do trial marketing. It's taken off quite well. And now, it's going to ramp up as we go through 2015. In the long run, it's -- in baseball terms, it might be a double or a triple, but when you start out, it's a single.
Operator: And we will now go back with George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I jumped on late. I've been listening and we'll do a little bit of catch up afterwards but I've covered Bemis for a long time and I'm looking at my long-term models here and a lot of what you're talking about, focusing on high barrier, focusing on health care, investing in growth, we've heard from the company for a number of years. Return on invested capital is flat to down over a 15-year period and I'm looking at margins are down over that time and the resins had an effect here. So what is, in your view, most different about the new Bemis now with all of this focus relative to the old Bemis? Is it that you finally put teeth into the incentives driving more return on invested capital, would you say that's it, or what else is it?
William F. Austen: George, I would say that what you just described as teeth in the incentives, that's going to be a piece of it. But the other part of it is, we've got a vision that's externally focused, okay? It's focused on the markets, it's focused on customers, it's focused on helping those customers succeed in the marketplace versus we've been very internally focused over the last several years. Let's grind out harder, turn the wheel, turn the crank harder. Now we've got to take that and get it focused on the marketplaces, which is what we're doing. Which is why we're growing in our footprint in other parts of the world, which is why customers are asking us to come to other parts of the world and service them the way that we service them in the U.S. It's just getting more customer-centric, if you will, getting more market-centric, where do we have differentiation, where can we drive that differentiation and how do we extrapolate that differentiation from a developed business to an emerging business. And that's helping us grow and that's going to help us grow in the future.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What -- my follow-up would be then, what adjustment or what component in your analysis have you left for the world not being static? In other words, your competition also trying to emulate what you're doing and trying to move up the food chain, so to speak, with what they're offering their customers as well. How much do you think your customer -- excuse me, your competition might be able to derail your plans through their own offerings?
William F. Austen: Thanks. In a simple world, it would be technology, right? We view ourselves as having somewhat of a technology advantage to already be differentiated and continuing to push on that differentiation. It was about 1.5 years ago, we hired a chief technology officer, came in from Dow Chemical. We have now wrapped ourselves around a much different technology model than we had in the past. We've got a technology center where we start to leverage that technology across regions, across market segments, meat and cheese into health care. Meat and cheese into medium barrier snack food packaging for Asia Pacific because the snack food packaging in Asia Pacific is much different than the snack food packaging in the United States. Snack food packaging in Asia has got to have barrier components, it has to have anti-scalping agents. It has to have components that you wouldn't see in snack food in the U.S. So we're able to extrapolate that into the other parts of the world. It's getting this big technology engine that we have at Bemis focused on the customer and focused on the markets and that's what's going to drive our growth.
Operator: We'll now go to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: One housekeeping one and just a strategic one. Jerry, what are you expecting in terms of decreases in interest expense next year and potential increases in pension expense?
Jerry S. Krempa: In terms of decrease in interest expense, I think, I did lay out the change in our bonds, it's the only bonds that we have retiring here in the near term, so we did reduce that interest rate on that $400 million of debt based on current interest rates over 4%, 4.5%. In terms of pension costs, we have not completed our final calculations for the year. We'll have to see where discount rates are at the end of the year as we do our calculations, and next quarter, we'll be able to talk about that.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: All right. And Bill, you talked about driving price across your business wherever possible and that you're doing so as quickly as possible. Can you just give us some perspective as to how -- what you're doing represents a notable change from what you and the company have been doing over the past several years?
William F. Austen: Simply, we built a lot of analytics now into what we're doing in pricing. And it's not so much guesswork. We're really looking at the analytics of pricing and value pricing versus I think it should be this, I think it should be that. It's not a cost buildup, it's a price. And it's a market price analysis as to what's the value of this versus the value of something else. So it's really more wrapped around analytics and value pricing.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And Bill, just one last one. You referred to the key personnel changes you made in U.S. Packaging recently. Why the need for those changes? Were they all related to the inefficiencies in ways that you talked about that affected you this quarter? Or is there something else going on as well that led to those changes?
William F. Austen: I don't want to get real specific on that but -- because it did impact people. But a combination of both, it's a combination of building a better, efficient business in North America, and it's a function of putting in the right skill set for the size of the business that it is today.
Operator: For our last question in the question queue, we'll go to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Quick question. As I look at your earnings from continuing operations for the year and your prior guidance before you sold the Pressure Sensitive Materials business, it looks like you're kind of starting out about $0.19 to $0.29 below the 8 ball, if I do my math right -- I'm sorry, $0.24 behind the 8 ball, so call it $0.22. And some of that, I assume, will be made up next year from either lower interest or lower shares. But the bulk of that is going to have to be made up in the future. And now, I'm just wondering, would some of that have gone away because without investing in pressure -- PSM, you would have saw results go down? Or do you really have to just go on offense to make up all of that? And how long do you think that will take? Do you think it will take 1 year or 2?
William F. Austen: Well, your math is pretty accurate on what Pressure Sensitive was meaning from the sense of earnings per share. But as we take our investments and we put it into flexible packaging, we have much better growth opportunities, more substantial growth opportunities at higher margin rates then we did in Pressure Sensitive Materials. And we can grow the margins.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: No, I understand that, but I didn't know why you couldn't just keep Pressure Sensitive Materials and then keep -- just keep it, and then, maybe add a little bit of modest leverage to do those other things, is it just because it might have been too distracting?
William F. Austen: I'm sorry, I didn't quite get the question, I got it now. If you look at that business, and as I said earlier, I'm very familiar with it, those margins in that business are going to be, on the best day, 7%, okay? I mean, we're not just going to be able -- we were not going to be able to want to keep that going and invest in our high-margin Flexible Packaging growth areas. So it was best for us to put it into the hands of somebody that wants to invest in it and wants to grow it versus us where we've got our business focused on flexible packaging, our people focused on flexible packaging, and that's where our best opportunities for growth are.
Operator: It appears we do not have any additional questions in our queue. And I'll turn the call back to Erin Winters.
Erin M. Winters: Thank you. Thank you, all, for joining us today and that concludes our conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters -  Henry J. Theisen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee William F. Austen - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Jerry S. Krempa - Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Company-hosted Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Welcome to our second quarter 2014 conference call. Today is July 24, 2014. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Controller and interim Principal Financial Officer, Jerry Krempa; and our Vice President and Treasurer, Melanie Miller. Today, Henry will begin with comments on this quarter's business performance and outlook for the remainder of 2014. Bill will then discuss growth and capital expenditures, and finally, Jerry will cover the financial statements. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you will find our press release, along with supplemental schedules. We will be referring to these schedules at points throughout today's discussion. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules. I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, to review these risk factors. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Erin, and thank you, all, for joining us. I am very pleased with our performance this quarter. We delivered record EPS and strong margin improvement, grew sales in our target end markets and positioned our business for additional value-added volume growth in future periods. We delivered our highest gross margin percent since 2009 during this quarter at 19.8% as compared to 19.4% last year. This margin improvement was driven by continued pricing discipline and improved sales mix. In our U.S. Packaging segment, we improved operating margin to 13.9%, a healthy increase compared to 13% last year. We grew our target dairy and liquid end markets consistent with our strategy to increase sales of high-barrier value-added products. In our liquid packaging business, we continue to see the positive impacts of the conversion away from historical formats, such as glass and metal cans, to our lighter and more sustainable flexible packaging. In our dairy packaging end market, we gained some small yet strategic wins with our customers. Beyond these target end markets, overall unit volumes weren't quite as strong this quarter as compared to last year for a variety of reasons, including high beef and pork prices. Our strategy to sell the right products is paying off. We sold a larger portion of new, innovative products that earn a higher price based on the value they add to our customers. In our Global Packaging segment, this quarter's performance was consistent with last year. While we faced volume headwinds in Brazil, where inflation continues to burden consumers, we are pleased with the strong unit volume growth in our global health care packaging business. We have targeted this end market as an area of growth as it fits with our strategy to sell technology-driven value-added products. Our innovative solutions meet our customers' stringent packaging requirements for safety and sterility. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, we also delivered improved performance this quarter. Our profit levels benefited from the double-digit increases of value-added graphics products, driven by a stabilizing economic environment in Europe. Our business teams have managed costs well over the last few years in light of economic volatility, and this will continue to benefit performance in the future. With respect to the raw materials market, the polyethylene resin cost increase earlier in the year was successfully passed along in accordance with our customer pricing agreements. Turning to guidance. Our third quarter EPS guidance is in the range of $0.65 to $0.70. Second and third quarters are seasonally our strongest periods, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver improved performance during the second half of 2014. We are raising the bottom end of our guidance for the full year 2014. Our previous full year guidance was in the range of $2.40 to $2.55, and we are now further defining that range to $2.45 to $2.55. Looking at the first half of 2014, I am pleased with how our businesses performed. We achieved modest organic sales growth in our U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging segments. We delivered sequentially improving gross margins during each quarter this year. We redeployed the cash from the sale of the Paper Packaging division to repurchase 2 million shares of stock during the first half of 2014. And most importantly, our business teams are commercializing new opportunities and expanding capacity to support our target end markets. We are confident in the margin growth and return on invested capital improvement this will deliver in 2014 and beyond. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill for some additional commentary on our growth plan and capital expenditures.
William F. Austen: Thank you, Henry, and good morning, everyone. Like Henry, I am pleased with the execution of our growth strategy in the first half of 2014. Our business teams continue to focus on serving customers, increasing market share and improving sales mix, where our technologies provide a sustainable advantage. Today, I'll provide some color on the execution of our growth agenda and our confidence in our performance during the remainder of the year and into 2015. We have a strong pipeline of new business awards to support growth during the second half of 2014, and we are also investing in research and development projects that will create additional long-term opportunities. Before sharing details about our new business pipeline, I'll revisit the background of our 2014 growth expectations. As we stated in January, we anticipate that, directionally, our 2014 sales volume will be slightly better than GDP. Market share gains and new product innovations will provide the incremental unit volumes. While volume is important, our main focus remains in selling value-added products to our customers. As Henry mentioned, during the second quarter, we strategically increased unit sales to liquid, dairy and health care packaging end markets. We are pleased with this targeted growth and with the work we have done to lay the foundation for continued success in the coming periods. We have an innovative team of research and development engineers around the world, developing breakthrough technologies, prioritizing and focusing research effort and accelerating new products to market. We have introduced new products to our customers that will deliver steady volumes and margin improvement during the second half of 2014 and beyond. From a geographic perspective, these innovations are applicable to customers around the globe. In the U.S. during the second quarter, we were awarded several pieces of new business that will ramp up during the remainder of 2014 and beyond. For example, we are now selling our roll stock solution for high-barrier shrink applications for markets such as fresh meat and cheese. Our solution replaces the use of shrink bags and supplies our customers with substantial savings in their converting process. Next, our innovative barrier sheet, along with its easy-open lid, is expanding into new liquid categories. This chlorine-free packaging solution delivers cost savings and sustainability to our customers by allowing for recyclability in their packaging process. Also in the U.S., we continue to convert our customers' packaging from historical, coded boxes to our flexible formats. Examples of recent conversions are frozen breakfast foods that are now offered in convenient stand-up pouches rather than wax-coated boxes, and our frozen -- and frozen vegetable purées now offered in flexible bag rather than a box. In Asia Pacific, we have added capacity to support the growth of our protective films into new electronics applications. Our extrusion platform in Asia is also poised to grow with the expanding needs of our protein and medical device customers within that region. Our performance is strengthening with order backlogs at higher levels as we enter the third quarter. In Latin America, we continued to extend our existing technologies to the Brazilian marketplace as it transitions to advancing -- to advanced packaging applications. For example, our proprietary barrier films are now being used to package frozen vegetables in Brazil. Another example is our Peel-Reseal films that just launched in the Brazilian marketplace to provide convenience and reclosable features in luncheon meat applications. In Europe, we are focused on niche packaging markets. As the economy continues to stabilize in this region of the world, we expect performance to continue to improve as well. Turning to the topic of capital spend. We continued to execute our capital expenditure plan for 2014 to support our long-term growth strategy. We are investing in state-of-the-art capacity for top line growth and to further strengthen our competitive position. As previously guided, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $175 million. This year's increased capital spending reflects investments to meet the growing liquid market needs, to enhance our health care packaging capabilities and to expand our sealant and protective film extrusion platform. As we move beyond 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be around D&A to support increasing global demand for flexible packaging. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry for his comments on the financial results.
Jerry S. Krempa: Thank you, Bill, and hello, everyone. This morning, Bemis Company reported record second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.65, which was near the top end of our most recent guidance. There are no adjustments to GAAP earnings this quarter. These earnings reflect a 6.6% increase compared with the 2013 second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.61. The prior year amount is shown on Page 3 of the supplemental schedules, which are available on our website and will be referenced throughout my comments. This quarter, we delivered gross margin as a percentage of net sales of 19.8% compared with 19.4% last year. This is our highest gross margin percentage since 2009. I will now discuss the sales and operating profit performance of each of our reportable segments. As I discuss sales, refer to Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, which provides detail on the year-over-year changes in net sales by reportable segment. Our U.S. Packaging operations, which represent about 60% of total Bemis annual sales, saw a decrease in second quarter net sales compared with the second quarter of last year. The primary driver of this decrease was the divestitures of our Paper Packaging division in 2014 and our Clysar division in 2013. Aside from the divestitures, overall organic sales in U.S. Packaging were down slightly. Volumes in our target end markets of dairy and liquid grew at strong single-digit percentages compared with last year. Our meat category showed a modest decline in volume, while we saw, on average, mid single-digit declines in dry foods, confectionery and snack and beverages. U.S. Packaging operating profit for the second quarter of 2014 was 13.9% of net sales compared with 13% of net sales in the second quarter of 2013, approximately 1/2 of this improvement related to the favorable impact of higher unit sales to our targeted dairy and liquid end markets, the remaining improvement related to the favorable mix impact from the Paper Packaging and Clysar divestitures. Next, I will discuss our Global Packaging operations, which represent about 30% of total Bemis annual sales. Looking at the middle of Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, this segment reported a net sales decrease of less than 1% when compared with the second quarter of 2013. Currency movement negatively impacted sales by 5.8%, primarily related to the weakness in the Brazilian real. The acquisition of our extrusion platform in Foshan, China increased net sales by 5.2%. Remaining organic sales were approximately flat. We saw mid single-digit increases in volumes of global health care packaging, as well as increases in meat and cheese packaging in Europe. These increases were offset by overall lower volumes in the sluggish Brazilian economy. Second quarter operating profit for the Global Packaging segment was 7.2% of net sales, which was consistent with last year. The currency effect negatively impacted operating profit by $1.7 million, primarily driven by weakness in the Brazilian real. The benefit of higher selling prices and better mix in target end markets was offset by the negative impact of overall weak demand in Brazil. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, which represents about 10% of our business, net sales for 2014 increased 1.6% compared with the second quarter of 2013. This includes a 2% benefit from currency translation. Organic sales, therefore, decreased slightly as noted on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules. The double-digit increase in volumes of value-added graphic products was substantially offset by lower volumes of technical and label products. Operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment was 6.8% of net sales in the second quarter of 2014 compared with 4.2% of net sales last year. This increase was driven by the impact of higher sales of graphic products, in addition to improved global production efficiencies and cost controls. Now I will shift to consolidated Bemis results. Selling, general and administrative expense was 9.6% of net sales for the second quarter. We expect these expenses to be just under 10% for the year, which is down slightly from the prior year. Research and development expense was 1% of net sales for the second quarter, up slightly from the prior year. Our increased investment in research and development demonstrates our effort to accelerate the pace of innovation and deliver growth in our target markets. We expect this to continue through 2014 and beyond. The income tax rate for the second quarter was 34.4%. We expect the income tax rate for the balance of the year to be approximately 34.5%. Cash flow from operating activities for the second quarter totaled $57.9 million. This reflects the cash payments associated with the closure of the Pressure Sensitive Materials plant in Stow, Ohio and generally higher working capital levels in the second quarter. We expect 2014 cash flow from operations to be $450 million. This revised expectation considers the cash expenses related to the Stow closure, as well as tax payments related to the gain on the sale of the Paper Packaging division. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were about $34 million. Spending levels will ramp up during the second half of 2014 as we install equipment that was ordered earlier in the year. In May, our Board of Directors increased the authorization for share repurchases by 8 million shares, supplementing our current buyback authorization. We repurchased approximately 1 million shares of Bemis stock during the second quarter of 2014. As of June 30, our remaining authorization from the Board of Directors was approximately 8.4 million shares. Quickly touching on our leverage metric. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the second quarter was 2.2x, slightly above our target rate of 2x. We have $400 million in bonds with a fixed interest rate of 5.65% that will mature on August 1 of this year. We plan to refinance these bonds with a $200 million bank term loan that will mature in the year 2022 and another $200 million of commercial paper. In the current interest rate environment, replacing the fixed rate bonds with this variable rate debt will lower the interest rate on this $400 million of debt from 5.65% to approximately 1%. Thank you for your time today. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we'll hear from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on the margin improvement year-over-year. How much of the improvement -- of the 40-basis-point improvement in gross margins year-over-year was related to the sale of the Paper Packaging business versus some of the margin -- some of the mix issues that you were talking about maybe in the business that you kept?
Jerry S. Krempa: At the gross margin level, approximately 1/2 -- this is Jerry, I'm sorry. Approximately 1/2 of the improvement is related to the divestitures of the Paper Packaging division and Clysar.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And when I look at the old guidance versus the new guidance, did the old guidance assume the change in the interest rate for the $400 million refinancing or not?
Jerry S. Krempa: Yes, it did. I think we spoke about that last quarter about our intention to refinance, and this was one of the options we were looking at, at the time.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is actually Alex Hutter on for Phil. You mentioned the roll stock opportunity to replace shrink bags in U.S. Packaging. Can you just give a bit more color on that opportunity? How the margins stack up? How significant an opportunity it is for you now? How big you think it could become? And where you think your market share could go in that market, given your current capacity?
Henry J. Theisen: Let me turn that over to Bill, he's closer to it than I am.
William F. Austen: Alex, it's a great question. We are a smaller player in the shrink bag business, and we've developed a great technology in flat film that can be used in the meat processing plants to replace shrink bags with flat film, so the bags get made in-line. It's a wonderful technology. We have deployed this technology in other parts of the world, yet on a small base. But in the U.S., we expect to deploy this over the course of the next several months and years because it's the last place that the meat processor can take cost out of their operation by taking out their labor of stuffing bags with pieces of meat. The meat just runs down a line and gets packaged in a flat film, and then the bag gets made right in-line. So it's a great opportunity for the meat processors to take cost out of their operation. And that's the target that we're going after, is to help our customers reduce their costs in their plant operations with our -- with this great technology that we've developed.
Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just for the follow-up, volumes in U.S. Packaging overall seem to be tracking a little bit softer than that kind of 2% to 3% volume growth target you mentioned earlier in the year. You're up against easier comps in the second half, but kind of how dependent is your full year guidance on hitting that volume target?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first of, what we said is that we would do slightly better than GDP, not 3% or 4%, but slightly better than GDP. Our guidance is really based on the innovations that we have and we've talked about them, as we've ramped up our CapEx spending this year and we've looked at our product flow. And as Bill mentioned, many of these things have been awarded to us. We're ramping them up. Overall, there is sluggishness in the economy, but new packaging, new formats, new products, conversion of rigid to flexible, these are the things that are driving our increase in our guidance and our confidence in delivering this year.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. Just wanted to get a feel for your updated thoughts on capital allocation priorities. Should we expect to see more share buybacks going forward?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I don't know if you should expect to see more share-backs or not. My goal or what I really like to do is to try and grow the company organically. That's the best growth. And I think we're going to be putting more CapEx into those opportunities that are presenting to us and that are -- we can use and turn into sales growth. After that, you look at acquisitions. And finally, if there's not anything there in an acquisition that enhances our technology or moves us into a new market, then you kind of fall back to share repurchases. But as I said, I think our main use of capital is going to be support the ideas that our R&D group has.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Great. And can you quantify the top line impact from new product innovations and from the new customer wins that you outlined in your prepared remarks?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think I can really quantify that now because a lot of those things aren't out in the marketplace yet, and I really don't like to speak about how big certain things are until our customers have them out on the shelf.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Great. And just one last one. Are there any updates to the pricing environment in U.S. flexibles? Are you seeing any changes in competitive behavior there?
Henry J. Theisen: No, no. As we've talked about it, in the areas where we like to operate the most are around sterility and food safety, and there's less competition there. If we talk about the areas like we pointed out, that we have some good -- that's tough competitive markets like snacks and candies and confections, that's a very competitive market. And it continues to be a competitive market, and I expect it will in the future. We do well there. We operate there, but that's not our targeted markets.
Operator: And next, we'll move to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Alax Wang sitting in for George. Can you just talk a little bit about Brazil and your outlook for the region? We've heard sort of mixed things regarding demand trends down there.
William F. Austen: Yes. Alax, this is Bill Austen. Our outlook for Brazil is steady as it is now. We have -- we're the leader in our packaging formats in Brazil. Our customers continue to buy from us. While demand is soft from the consumers in Brazil, we continue to run our business at very good capacity utilization rates across the entire Latin America region, not just Brazil, but also in Argentina as well. So our outlook for Brazil is steady as it goes. We are in a good position there.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just as a follow-up, maybe following up on an earlier question, what kind of conditions do you think need to exist so that organic volumes in the U.S. can grow more predictably and regularly?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I don't know if we really know the answer to that question. I just think that the consumer has to start buying.
Operator: And we'll move on to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In -- Henry, in U.S. Packaging, organic growth was down 0.5% in the quarter, and it was up 0.5% in the first half. Can you tell us what you're expecting along those lines for the balance of the year?
Henry J. Theisen: I expect that the decline in organic growth is going to stop. I think that you'll see us having a slight -- a little bit of growth in the second half of the year, and that's really related to new product offerings and the new innovations.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of cash flow, did the operating cash flow guidance change have anything to do with working capital? And if not, what are your expectations for working capital for the year?
Jerry S. Krempa: Adam, this is Jerry. No, our working capital is typically high in the middle of the year, in our peak second quarter seasons. We have a higher level going into third quarter, expecting the improvements we see coming. But at year end, we fully expect that our working capital will be down to the same levels it was at the end of 2013 such that there would be no use of cash from working capital.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll move to Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research: This is Danny Moran on for Al. Did you see any de-stocking in the quarter from customers? And if so, do you expect this to normalize in 3Q?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if we can really say that there was de-stocking in the customers. I wouldn't have any evidence of that. Our order patterns are good. Yes, in certain markets, we had a little bit of a downside; other markets were a little bit better. But I don't have any evidence that there was a de-stocking going on.
Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research: Okay. That's helpful. And then just switching to PSM, it looks like it was a pretty strong quarter. Do you expect this level of mix improvement and the strength in Europe to continue in the back half?
Henry J. Theisen: Why don't I give it to Bill? He's closer to that than I am.
William F. Austen: Dan, we expect to see PSM to stay right at the levels that it's at, and we're -- we feel good about where they are right now and how it's moving forward. And we do expect Europe to continue to improve, both in flexible and in PSM as their economy continues to dig its way out of the hole.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First, around cash flow. You had -- it looks like you've lowered the outlook for -- of cash flow. Can you give us a little color there as to what the contributing factors were? I mean, when we look at -- at least digging through the release, you talked about the sale of the Paper business, and you talked about the closure of the plant. But both of those were -- quite frankly, both of those were announced and completed before the very end of last quarter. So those 30 days, 20 days later, when you gave an outlook, those probably wouldn't have been factored in there. So what was the differential? I think, to an earlier question, maybe you mentioned working capital's going to be flat. Was there an expectation previous that it would have been a reduction? Or what were the elements there?
Jerry S. Krempa: Chris, this is Jerry. I think, yes, you're right. At the beginning of the year, we had guided to $500 million of cash flow. And the -- at that time, the forecast did not anticipate the Paper divestiture or the Stow closure. So those items had not been considered. So we have now adjusted the $500 million for those items, and that's where we're coming out at $450 million.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. You had -- okay. Second question was with respect to resin environment, what you're seeing right now. Any movements in specialty resins that are -- some of the more commodity grades have been relatively stable here. We saw an increase earlier in the year, as you pointed out. But anything unusual happening with some of your specialty grades?
Henry J. Theisen: This is Henry. No, no. We factored it into our guidance for the year, pretty much flat raw material costs going forward.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just wondering -- I was wondering if you could just talk about 2 things you mentioned and in the release, which, again, is your -- the higher demand for graphic products in your Pressure Sensitive business. Can you talk about, again, what's driving that and kind of who your competitors are in that market? And then I think you also called out health care packaging as a source of growth, and I would just like to get a little bit more color on that as well.
William F. Austen: Sure. Debbie, this is Bill Austen. The higher demand for graphic packaging, we're a leader in -- not graphic packaging, in PSM. We're a leader in graphic materials, graphic Pressure Sensitive Materials in Europe. And as that economy continues to rebound, there's a higher demand for graphic materials because that's the first thing that companies cut: advertising, bus wraps, car wraps, signage. And as the economy then begins to improve, companies start to advertise again, so graphic materials get in vogue, if you will. The demand is higher. And it's -- the normal competitors in that arena would be 3M and Avery. Those are the kind of folks that we would compete against in graphic materials.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And in the health care packaging, what's really driving -- what products do you have that's really driving the growth there?
William F. Austen: Health care packaging, our growth there is being driven really across the globe. It's just the higher demand for health care, medical devices, pharmaceutical packaging in Brazil, which is doing well. Europe, we've got some package technologies that we happen to be the lead in and for drug-coated stents. So it's just the uplift across-the-board in health care and the needs for health care packaging.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Henry, you mentioned your order backlog. It sounded like you thought they were pretty strong headed into the third quarter. Can you maybe either give us some order of magnitude or product categories, et cetera? What's giving you sort of a greater sense of assurance there around the order backlogs?
Henry J. Theisen: It isn't like it's drastically different. It just is a little better than it's been in the first and second half of the year. And again, it's driven by the new products that we offer. So it's not like the world has changed, we're just starting to see some pickup in our new products. We're starting to see some pickup in the conversion of rigid. And it's just a little bit better than it's been in the first and second quarter of this year.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just bigger picture, when we think about flexible plastic packaging, in general, right, we think about a higher growth market as you talked about earlier, some of these conversions from other packaging options, et cetera. Your organic volumes have been relatively flat for the last couple years, but part of that has admittedly been because you shed some low margin business. But can you talk about the market, in general? Why maybe the market isn't growing as fast as it should? Or maybe why your volumes have been a little bit lower than the industry, and whether or not you think over time we can see that accelerate?
Henry J. Theisen: I just think, overall, in the first quarter, the second quarter, the GDP, like in the first quarter, was negative. And this is kind of an overall weakness in almost all of our markets. And I think that our -- and we've overcome that with some new products, and our customers, when we talk to our customers, they want to come out with new products. They want to come out with things that are innovative or that separate them on the shelf. So I think we've kind of -- we were operating kind of in a sluggish lower across-the-board. We've taken steps to -- in our pricing discipline and some of those low margin areas that we're not going to seek those opportunities that don't give us a fair return for the value that we bring. And I think we're generating growth in those targeted areas where we are paid for the value that we bring.
Operator: And next, we'll take a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. Actually, just following up on the question that Scott asked earlier. If flexible packaging is taking share, why are we sort of seeing modest volume organic declines that are kind of consistent with what we're seeing in paperboard, if you can provide a little more color on that?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it kind of comes back to the same answer I just gave. It is -- all of our customers are somewhat sluggish. All of our customers have some concerns about volume, and it's kind of spread evenly. And the conversions don't come as fast as some of those other things. And actually, it's our intent, in what we've done over the past, to target those markets where we get recognition for the value that we bring.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just lastly, are you seeing any logistical issues being created by rail or freight that's causing you to keep extra inventory or delaying shipments to your customers?
Henry J. Theisen: No, no, no, that's not what we're seeing.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just -- I wanted to just ask one more question on the cash flow guidance. Maybe it would help if you could just give us what the cash outflow is going to be from the Snow (sic) [Stow] closure. And then just from what you said, I think, on the last conference call, I think there were $9 million in proceeds from the sale of the Paper Packaging business, so just the tax implication -- cash tax implication there. That might help us to bridge.
Jerry S. Krempa: Okay. This is Jerry. On the Stow closure, I think we did have an accrual in the quarter -- last quarter for the closure that we talked about, so that will give you an idea of the cash expenditures there. And on the gain on the divestiture of Paper, you got to remember that, that was the booking that was reported from a tax standpoint. We had a higher gain that we reported that we had to pay taxes on.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So above the $9 million?
Jerry S. Krempa: Correct.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Just want to follow up on the full year EPS guidance. Are you assuming any share buybacks in the second half?
Henry J. Theisen: No, there is no share-back factored into the second half of the year.
Operator: And we'll move on to another follow-up with Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: On the cash flow outlook. So aside from those 2 items, presumably you would be north of $500 million. So do you think of $500 million or slightly north of that as a kind of a normalized number, along with the now $190 million of CapEx that you're guiding to post 2014?
Jerry S. Krempa: You're saying, excluding the adjustments we just talked about, we'd be north of $500 million?
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. You'd still be at $500 million or somewhat north of that number, and you talked about CapEx being equivalent to D&A post 2014, so let's call it $190 million. So roughly $500 million and $190 million kind of on a more normal basis. Does that -- would you agree with that?
Jerry S. Krempa: That sounds reasonable. That makes sense.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you, operator. Thank you, all, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Winters Henry J. Theisen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Jerry S. Krempa - Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller William F. Austen - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Mark Larry Henneman - Mairs and Power, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Company hosted First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters. Please go ahead.
Erin Winters: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter 2014 conference call. Today is April 24, 2014. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; our Chief Operating Officer, Bill Austen; our Vice President and Controller and interim Principal Financial Officer, Jerry Krempa; and our Vice President and Treasurer, Melanie Miller. Today, Henry will begin with comments on business performance and outlook for the remainder of 2014, and then Jerry will cover the financial statements. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you will find our press release, along with our supplemental schedules. We'll be referring to these schedules at points throughout today's discussion. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and the supplemental schedules. I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, to review these risk factors. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Erin, and thank you for joining us today. Today, we reported adjusted earnings of $0.58 per share for the first quarter of 2014, an increase of 9.4% over the prior first quarter and in line with our most recent guidance. During the first quarter, we benefited from strong pricing discipline, a stabilizing European economy and our growing business in China. We prudently controlled costs, refocused resources on our core business and repurchased 1.1 million shares of stock. Unit volumes were lower than expected, driven by inflationary pressures in Brazil, along with the slowdown at our customers who were challenged by recent weather events in North America. While these weather events also created some headwinds at our own plants, our business teams did a great job of managing operations to minimize the impact. As we enter our seasonally strong second quarter, we are seeing the normal increase in orders from our customers. During this first quarter, we executed plans that support our goals of margin improvement and value-added volume growth. For example, in Brazil, we expanded our capacity to produce high-barrier films to meet the demand for protein packaging. In Europe, we brought up additional multilayer capacity to support the growing need for roll stock in high-barrier shrink applications for fresh meat and cheese. In North America, we are starting up new capacity on a barrier sheet line that will support increasing demand for shelf-stable and refrigerated liquid applications, such as coffee creamers, pudding cups, yogurt cups and single-serve coffee formats. In addition, our robust 2014 capital expenditure plan will further support the expanding market for standup pouch formats, reflecting the continuing product launches that require superior sealability and barrier properties. We accelerated innovation by introducing new products to our customers that will deliver measurable volumes to support our growth objectives during the remaining of 2014. For example, in Brazil, we scaled up a unique flexible standup pouch for vegetables that replaced the metal can and provides freshness without refrigeration or preservatives. In the United States, our packaging solution is supporting the launch of single-serve protein snack packs for a variety of brands. In Asia, we qualified our proprietary films for our new extrusion facility in Foshan, China for use in stringent medical packaging applications produced for our Asia-based customers. This quarter, we completed the sale of Paper Packaging Division. The sale of this division narrows our focus to our higher-margin markets and the growth opportunities in high-barrier flexible packaging, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and packaging for developing markets in Asia Pacific. In addition, we announced the closure of our Pressure Sensitive plant in Stow, Ohio. We expect this plant closure to improve market competitiveness and to better position our Pressure Sensitive Materials business for long-term growth. We appreciate the dedication and talents of the employees involved in this initiative. With the closure of this facility, we substantially eliminate the use of solvent in our Pressure Sensitive Materials operations, which will also contribute to our environmental sustainability commitment to reduce solvent usage by 20% by the year 2020. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, we are also pleased by the strengthening economic environment in Europe that stimulated the increase in value-added graphics products sold during the first quarter of 2014. With respect to raw materials, suppliers implemented a polyethylene cost increase during the first quarter. Specialty resins were relatively stable during this quarter. We are confirming our guidance for the full year of 2014 in the range of $2.40 to $2.55. As mentioned at the beginning of the year, where we are within this range will depend upon the impact of the Brazilian currency, raw material pricing, the momentum of positive volume trends and our continued successful commercialization of new business awards. Second quarter EPS guidance is in the range of $0.61 to $0.66. As we enter our seasonally strong second quarter, we are confident in our positive volume outlook, given our current customer order levels. Our business teams are commercializing new opportunities, and we are confident in the margin growth and return on invested capital improvement that we will deliver. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry for his comments.
Jerry S. Krempa: Thank you, Henry, and good morning, everyone. Before we get into color on the income statement, I would like to highlight a couple of unique items related to the first quarter of 2014 that are reflected on our reconciliation of non-GAAP earnings per share that was included in our earnings release and are also shown on Page 3 of the supplemental schedules that Erin previously mentioned. There are 2 items that reconcile our GAAP earnings of $0.48 per share to our non-GAAP earnings of $0.58 per share. First, as Henry mentioned, we announced the closure of our Pressure Sensitive Materials plant in Stow, Ohio. Operations at this facility are scheduled to cease during May. In the first quarter of 2014, we recorded a pretax charge of approximately $25 million, or $0.16 per share related to this closure. This charge primarily affected cost of products sold on the income statement and was excluded from the calculation of adjusted diluted earnings per share. The charge includes an estimated settlement of a multiemployer pension plan liability, employee severance and benefit costs and fixed asset-related expenses. We expect the charges in 2014 to total approximately $30 million. The second unique item this quarter was a sale of our Paper Packaging Division on March 31. Net proceeds from the transaction totaled $79.8 million. A $9.4 million pretax gain on the sale was recorded as part of other nonoperating income and was excluded from the calculation of adjusted diluted earnings per share as noted on Page 3 of the supplemental schedules. Proceeds from the sale will be directed towards our capital allocation priorities this year. Next, I will walk through the sales and operating profit performance of each of our reportable segments. As I discuss sales, focus on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, which provides detail on the year-over-year changes in net sales by segment. Beginning with our U.S. Packaging operations at the top of the page, which represents about 60% of total Bemis annual sales, we saw a 1% decrease in first quarter net sales as compared to the first quarter of last year. The primary driver of this decrease was the divestiture of the Clysar business last year. The 1.6% organic growth in the first quarter of 2014 represents the net favorable impact of increased price mix, partially offset by lower overall unit volumes. While volumes for processed meat, cheese and dairy packaging were up modestly compared to last year, we saw single-digit declines in volumes for fresh meat, dry foods and confectionery and snack applications. These lower volumes generally reflect the impact of weather events in North America, as Henry mentioned earlier. One volume exception was an over-wrap for bottled water, where we saw double-digit increases in the first quarter as a result of the weather. U.S. Packaging operating profit for the first quarter of 2014 was 12.4% of net sales, which compares to an adjusted operating profit of 12.8% of net sales in the first quarter of 2013. While we incurred some weather-related costs associated with energy and transportation in the quarter, the key impact to operating profit stems from lower unit volumes and the resulting fixed cost absorption challenge. Let me move on to a discussion of our Global Packaging operations, which represents about 30% of total Bemis annual sales. Looking at the middle of Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, this segment reported a net sales decrease of 3.2% when compared to the first quarter of 2013. Currency movement negatively impacted sales by 8.4%, primarily related to the weakness in the Brazilian real. The acquisition of our extrusion platform in Foshan, China increased net sales by 4.6%. The remaining organic growth of less than 1% reflects higher price mix, partially offset by lower unit volumes. Our business teams have diligently increased selling prices in Brazil in light of the inflationary environment in that region, which has put some downward pressure on volume. Operating profit for the Global Packaging segment was 6.8% of net sales for the first quarter of 2014. The currency effect negatively impacted operating profit by $2.8 million, primarily driven by weakness in the Brazilian real. Without this negative currency impact, first quarter 2014 operating profit would have been 7.5% of net sales, an increase from the prior year's adjusted operating profit of 6.9% of net sales. This reflects the benefit of higher selling prices and better mix, with higher unit sales of value-added products. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, which represents about 10% of total Bemis annual sales, net sales for 2014 increased 1.6% as compared to the first quarter of 2013. This includes a benefit from currency translation of 1.4%. Organic sales therefore increased nominally, as noted on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules. The benefit of improved price mix from increased sales of value-added graphic and technical products was substantially offset by lower volumes of lower-margin label products. As previously mentioned, operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment includes the $25 million charge related to the announced plant closure. Without this charge, operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment would have been 7.4% of net sales in the first quarter of 2014, as compared to 5.5% of net sales last year. This healthy increase was driven by the higher sales of value-added graphics and technical products in addition to improved global production efficiencies. Now I will shift my commentary to consolidated Bemis results. Excluding the impact of plant closure costs, first quarter gross margins at 19.3% of net sales were in line with the first quarter of 2013, reflecting the incremental benefit of facility consolidation savings, offset by lower unit volumes and the related fixed cost absorption. Selling, general and administrative expense was 9.9% of net sales for the first quarter, in line with our expectations of 10% for the year. Our increased investment in research and development demonstrates our effort to accelerate the pace of innovation to deliver growth in our target areas of high-barrier packaging, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and packaging for developing markets in Asia Pacific. The income tax rate for the first quarter was 34.3%. We expect the income tax rate for the balance of 2014 to be approximately 35%. Cash flow from operating activities for this first quarter totaled $12.5 million, slightly higher than the first quarter of 2013 and seasonally in line with expectations. We continue to expect 2014 cash flow from operations to be in excess of $500 million. On the statement of cash flows, note that the change in deferred income tax line reflects a use of cash of $12.5 million related to the realization of deferred tax liabilities, primarily associated with the Paper Packaging transaction. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were about $34 million, in line with expectations this early in the year. We continue to expect our capital expenditures for 2014 to be approximately $175 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of Bemis stock, which more than offset the impact of long-term stock incentive programs. Our remaining authorization from the Board of Directors is approximately 1.4 million shares. Quickly touching on our leverage metric, net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the first quarter was 2.1x, consistent with year end 2013 and close to our target rate of 2x. As we have discussed, we intend to invest capital wisely and do not intend to accumulate cash. As previously stated by management, our priorities are to support our dividend program, invest in organic growth, fund strategic acquisitions and balance share purchases with deleveraging. We have $400 million in bonds that will mature in August 2014. We have a number of refinancing options, including commercial paper, bank debt or the issuance of new bonds. We are weighing our options carefully, but we expect to refinance at an interest rate lower than the current fixed bond rate of 5.65%. Thank you for your time today. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is Alex Hutter on for Phil. On the CapEx guide, it looks like you took some top end out, and I believe it was $175 million to $200 million. Does that reflect you guys investing in fewer projects or potentially slightly softer volume outlook for the year or is it just kind of an adjustment?
William F. Austen: This is Bill Austen, I'll take that one. When we put our guidance together of $175 million to $200 million earlier in the year late last year, a lot of that is done with some engineering estimates. And now that we've gotten into the quarter, we have really refined those engineering estimates. We've also worked with some of our suppliers, and we have worked to improve on some of the costs associated with that CapEx. Now that we're further into the quarter, we have much more visibility. We've narrowed that down to $175 million because we've done a nice job in engineering and in our sourcing arena to bring that number down.
Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up. In PSM, you guys saw some strong margin growth from the reversal of the mixed headwinds you guys have seen. Is that a trend you guys expect will continue? Do you think things have bottomed or is it a kind of a one-quarter event?
William F. Austen: Well, I think we're going to continue to see improvement in our Pressure Sensitive business. A lot of this is generated in Europe as the economy has strengthened a little bit or stabilized is maybe a better word. And we're seeing a pickup in graphics, and of course, graphics is one of our higher-margin parts of our business. And so I think that Pressure Sensitive is going to operate about where it did in the first quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting -- it's actually Mehul sitting in for Ghansham. Can you quantify how much weather impacted you on the cost side during the quarter?
Henry J. Theisen: If you take a look at more of our fixed costs, if you're talking about -- because we have some facilities that were down and didn't have power, employees couldn't get to work. We had some higher energy costs, some freight costs that hit us, that's about $0.01. If you want to talk about volumes which really kind of make up the other part of it, we thought we would do slightly better than GDP. And so whatever the difference is between slightly better than GDP and where we ended up, I think it's kind of the volume trend that our customers were talking about and our customers were concerned with their sales. So that's about what it is.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up, just as you said, volumes came a little bit lighter than your GDP plus expectations. Do you think that you can make it up throughout the remainder of the year?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think we'll make up those volumes because if people didn't buy those products, and most of the products we sell are perishable products, so I don't think we're going to make it up. I think we're going to continue going forward doing slightly better than GDP.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Alax Wang sitting in for George. Can you comment on how high-barrier volumes are doing versus some of your more commodity-like products?
Henry J. Theisen: We have a strategy to grow our higher-barrier products, our value-added products, and we've been talking about that for the last few years. We saw -- and actually we saw a slight bit of growth in our meat business, in our dairy business. Our problems or lack of volumes really come in more of those commodity type areas that we've been trying to shrink in the size of our company.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. And then just as a follow-up, can you discuss pricing overall in Flexible, and then maybe if you could comment on high barrier in particular as well?
Henry J. Theisen: Overall, I think our markets are very competitive. We have a fragmented competitive base. Pricing and competition are no different today than they were last quarter or 2 years ago. They're still the same consistent environment that we operate in.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Henry, I just had a question for you. On the -- on your commentary, when you reiterate the full year guidance, you said the high end of the guidance, and I might get this wrong, but I think you said it was contingent upon FX, mostly the real volumes, and I think the third thing was productivity or margin improvement. Of those 3, which one is most impactful to whether or not you can get to the high end of the guidance and why?
Henry J. Theisen: I think the most impactful thing we have is the successful commercialization of our new business. Volumes are important for us now. We have to grow our volumes. And we've got a lot of good projects in the pipeline that should be commercializing in the second quarter, the third quarter, the fourth quarter. We've also got a lot of good products -- projects within our customer base that I can't talk about because they're still not out in the marketplace. But to me, it's going to be the growth of those new products and how fast and how well we execute the commercialization of those new businesses.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And if I look at your growth, and I think you mentioned this before, it looks like volumes were maybe down about 1%. GDP, on average, across your geographies is maybe up 1.5% or so, somewhere in that range. What gives you confidence that you can then get to, if you were at minus 1% volume for the first quarter to the 4% total top end growth for Packaging in 2014?
Henry J. Theisen: I think in the second, third and fourth quarters, we really should do slightly better than GDP. And I say that because I look at the orders we have. I look at the new products, the commercialization of business that's in line. And then you look at what happened to us in the first quarter, and those volumes are really related to our customers and their problems with the weather. And we can't change what happened in the first quarter, but you can pretty well pinpoint exactly where those -- the lack of volume occurred and why, and that weather pattern should, I hope -- I'm living in Wisconsin, I hope it goes away.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. One, Henry, with respect to the good order levels you've seen thus far in the second quarter, is that just all seasonality/better weather or there -- is there something more to it than that?
Henry J. Theisen: I think it's just really the seasonality. Our second quarter is generally a good sales quarter for us. You see the switch into more the summer-type products in the grilling season and all of those things. So I think the order pattern is consistent with going from first quarter to second quarter.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a broader question. Obviously, you sold Paper Packaging. You're closing your Pressure Sensitive plant. You closed enormous facilities last year. Should we read anything into your [indiscernible] activity [indiscernible] [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's actually Gabe Hajde for Chris. One question around the plant closure in Ohio. Can you talk about any [indiscernible] for a return on that project or [indiscernible].
Henry J. Theisen: [Indiscernible].
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you?
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. You mean with regard to what we expect going forward in results of operations for Pressure Sensitive would be -- that plant was a --- sorry?
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: [Indiscernible] You do intend to make some x million dollars of savings from the 115 less employees or how should we think about it?
Melanie E. R. Miller: No, it's more focused on the reduction in the improvement of the underlying business going forward because it was a -- we'll call it a low margin plant that had lower production than the plant could support going forward.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the best -- I was just going to say, we also changed the adhesive technology from solvents to 100% solid, and that was the real driver here so that we could reach our 2020 goal of sustainability with less solvents. We moved that platform of solvent-based adhesive. We moved a lot of it over to 100% solids, UV technology in an entirely different facility. So the Stow facility became somewhat redundant and older.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: In the press release, I think, Henry, you had mentioned some commercialization of new products and I've heard a couple of times on the call. Can you provide some sort of parameters around what that might look like or quantify it at a high level, how we can kind of see it flow through for the year or the next 24 months? I mean, is that a...
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think I can really quantify that for you in a dollar figure. These are some new products that are launched by our customers. For example, the single-serve protein snack, it's going to kind of depend upon how well that does in the marketplace. A lot of these things are not really like taken from somebody else. There are new products and new things are coming out, and I hope very much that they are very popular and a lot of people buy them.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Henry, I was wondering if you could just help us with how you're thinking about the outlook on the Global Packaging side from a volume perspective for the rest of the year, as I think you mentioned sort of the price increases you've had to do on the inflationary front has pushed down volumes in Brazil, and how do you see that playing out the remainder of the year?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that there's a lot of inflation going on in Brazil, and it's going to affect what people want to buy, their purchasing power, how they're going to do it. I don't know how Brazil is going to do with its inflationary presence, but I would suspect that Brazil will continue through the rest of the year, much like it is in the first quarter.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then a second question, just wanted to clarify on the guidance, are you factoring in any expected resin decline during May, June in that outlook? And in addition, from an order pattern perspective, I think you said it was sort of the normal seasonal order pattern that you've seen sort of pick up in 2Q thus far, and I just wanted to clarify, is that adjusting for the weather impact because given that weather sort of pushed down 1Q volumes, you'd probably have a little bit of a bigger-than-normal sort of pickup in 2Q that I just wanted to clarify there as well.
William F. Austen: Yes, this is Bill Austen. On the resin front, as Henry said in his comments, we saw -- we took an increase in the first quarter as the resin guys passed through. But we have our model going forward for the rest of the year, we have flat resin pricing built into our plan going forward for the rest of the year. Now on the volume side, as you talked about weather-related issues in the first quarter, you're not going to get that volume back. I mean, that inventory is in the pipeline, so people aren't going to eat more just because there was bad weather, so that inventory is going to work its way through the pipeline. And we're just seeing our normal seasonal second quarter pickup in orders rate that we see every year. But no, we will not see an increase in orders and/or volumes because of the bad weather in Q1.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think when you were going through the segments earlier in U.S. Packaging, you had talked about the volume in the first quarter. You mentioned fresh meat was somewhat pressured, confectionary, a couple others that I didn't hear. But one thing that I did notice, it didn't sound like cheese and dairy saw that much volume weakness. Can you talk a little bit more about what you saw in cheese and dairy in the first quarter, especially in U.S. Packaging? And if any of the inflationary pressures that your customers are seeing should impact volumes as we go forward?
Henry J. Theisen: We saw in the higher value-added processed meats, dairy, cheeses, we saw a slight growth. It was less than what we expected, but we did see a slight growth in those areas. Areas like you talked about, candy, confection, some of the personal health care, things like that, that we have talked about that are more competitive, a lot more competitive, don't involve some of the technology that we have in our company. We have been, in the past, as we closed facilities, taking pricing, walking away from some business, those markets where we aren't given the chance to earn the margins we think we need or deserve for our technology. Those were stagnant to slightly worse. I made a comment on fresh meat. Fresh meat is so small in our company. We are such a distant #2 that -- slightly up, slightly down, it really doesn't move the needle for us.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just on PSM, I want to make sure I heard your commentary right. Somebody was asking about the margins in the second quarter. Were you saying that the margin -- you thought the margin would be similar in the second quarter as it was in 1Q '14? And then...
William F. Austen: I think our Pressure Sensitive business will do in the second quarter similar to the first quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. Henry, at what point do you expect total sales to stop declining on a year-on-year basis, assuming stable exchange rates?
Henry J. Theisen: If you assume a stable exchange rate, I would expect to see our volumes stabilize here in the second quarter and maybe even have a little bit of a gain. I really thought we were going to start to see our volumes coming back in the first quarter, but I didn't plan on a polar vortex.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And you touched on this earlier, but in terms of the pricing environment in North America, I think you said you hadn't seen any meaningful changes there. Obviously, your large public competitor has been vocal about raising prices in recent months. Can you comment at all in that regard?
Henry J. Theisen: Like I said, we really are in the process side of the business, and that competitor is really in the fresh meat side of the business where we have a very distant #2. We don't see any change in pricing patterns or anything in the marketplace.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Henneman with Mairs and Power.
Mark Larry Henneman - Mairs and Power, Inc.: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the investments that you've been making in your business for the last 3 and 4 years, as you've been more focused on return on invested capital, now that you've got some time. Can you give us some indication that those investments are earning a higher incremental return, now that you've had the chance to see how those investments have worked out?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Well, with regard -- Mark, this is Melanie. I think we could divide that -- if we talk about investments alone and separate out the facility consolidation exercise, we really have been focused on expanding our capacity for value-added high-barrier products. And examples of that would be the platform we have now for liquid packaging and other -- and variations on that, that are on high barrier. And then that goes around the globe.
William F. Austen: Yes. Mark, this is Bill Austen. If you look over the last few years, as Melanie has just described, we've put in multilayer extrusion capacity into Brazil to upscale our product portfolio in that part of the world to go after the protein packaging, the barrier requirements for meat and cheese. And we've seen a nice gain in that part of the world in Brazil, specifically, around our protein platform. We've seen nice pickups there. We've actually transferred technology from the U.S. to that part of the world. We've put -- we're putting the same kind of capacity into Asia, now that we have an extrusion platform there. If you look at the recent extrusion capacity that we've put into Europe, it is for a new type of barrier film, which is a flat film to get away from shrink bags. So all of those products and all of that entire portfolio has a much better return than does confectionary packaging, if you will. So we're changing the mix through these new assets that we're putting in place around the world, and we're putting in, as Henry said or Melanie has said, to capitalize on this conversion of metal and glass containers to Flexible Packaging for the liquid categories in the U.S., which is a, for us, is a large opportunity as we go forward. And that would be for these kinds of baby foods, fruit slurries, all of those types of products that are moving out of cans and glass to flexibles. That's where our investments have gone over the last few years, and that's where they'll continue to go, as well as investing in our medical and pharma platform, as we continue to see that as a bigger part of our business.
Henry J. Theisen: In North America, as we went through the closing of the facilities, we really looked at our product mix, and as we've talked about in the past, took some very courageous decisions around pricing and about what business we would move. And we've been diligently working on using our assets in the more high-value and high-barrier areas rather than the commodity areas. So as we see that product mix shift, we also see a higher return on our invested capital. In addition, we are being very diligent about new CapEx spending, and we're using return on invested capital as a key component in making any decision around capital spending.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. Henry, have you seen any change in the competitive landscape in PSM? And then just if you could give us an update on the CFO search, I'd appreciate it.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think we've seen any change in the competitive landscape in the Pressure Sensitive business. As far as the search for a CFO, we are continuing to go through the process. We have very capable financial people here at the Bemis Company. We're not in any rush. We want to make sure that we get the right person. So the search continues, and we're very confident in the people that we have here at the Bemis Company, and we don't feel pressure to have to go out and fill that position with someone that isn't the best candidate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Erin Winters for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you, all, for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Erin Winters Henry J. Theisen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive & Finance Committee William F. Austen - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Jerry S. Krempa - Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melanie Miller. Please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2013 conference call. Today is January 13, 2014. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; our Chief Operating Officer, Bill Austen; our VP in Controller and interim Principal Financial Officer, Jerry Krempa; and our new Director of Investor Relations, Erin Winters. Erin has been at Bemis for 12 years working in a variety of finance positions and was recently promoted to Director of Investor Relations for Bemis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Erin.
Erin Winters: Thank you, Melanie. Today, Henry will begin with comments on business performance and market trends. Bill will then discuss capital expenditures and growth opportunities. And finally, Jerry will cover financial statements and outlook for 2014. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. At this time, I would like to direct you to our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab, where you will find our press release along with the supplemental schedules that we have been including each quarter this year. We'll be referring to these schedules at points throughout today's discussion. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we discuss Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules. I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, the results of competitive bid processes, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices; interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Now I will turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, thank you, Erin, and thank you for joining us today. Today, we reported $0.54 per share for the fourth quarter and a record $2.28 for the full year 2013, in line with our most recent guidance. Our fourth quarter results benefited from increased year-on-year volumes of high-barrier products across the globe, highlighting the sustainability of improvements that we have made in our sales mix over the last 24 months. Our working capital levels came down nicely, generating $38 million in the fourth quarter alone and completely offsetting the use of cash for working capital during the first 3 quarters of the year. We repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock in the fourth quarter, bringing our remaining share repurchase authorization level to 2.5 million shares. For the total year, gross margins increased by 90 basis points compared to the full year 2012, reflecting the actions that we have taken to improve our product mix, including increased market share of higher-value-added products, where our technologies give us a sustainable advantage, and the completion of the facility consolidation program. While this is a nice improvement, our gross margin would've been at least 30 points higher without the production transition challenges that we faced over the past 6 months. Now that these issues are behind us, we look forward to further improvement in 2014. Our 2014 guidance of $2.40 to $2.55 represents an increase of 5% to 12% compared to last year. Where we are in this range will depend upon the impact of the Brazilian currency, raw material pricing, the momentum of past volume trends and our successful commercialization of new business awards. Let me give you some further color on these factors. First, it is important to note that we have a very successful packaging business centered in Brazil that serves a large Latin American packaging market. From Mexico through Argentina, this business represents just under $1 billion in sales and close to double-digit operating profit. The Brazilian currency weakened by about 10% in 2013 and, in the first month of 2014, it has further weakened by almost another 5%, which creates a challenge when we translate those profits into dollars for reporting purposes. Second, raw material pricing. Our guidance is based on announced increases in raw material at this time. Otherwise, we assume resin costs will be stable for the year. Third, sales volume momentum. With the anniversary of our last plant closings coming in the second quarter, we expect sales volume improvements to become more visible in 2014. In 2013, we achieved higher U.S. Flexible Packaging volumes in certain value-added products due to increased market share as well as general conversion of liquid products to flexible packaging formats. This improvement was offset by generally lower volumes in beverage categories, where consumer trends reduced demand. In Latin America, volume was substantially lower this year, reflecting the negative impact of food inflation on consumer demand. While higher prices offset much of the impact for the lower unit volumes on operating profit, higher volume levels remain the key to improved profit in this region. In Europe, we continue to see improved stability in volume levels and our business teams remain focused on our strategic markets. As we finish 2013 and enter early 2014, our orders and our backlog are strong across all geographies. We are now cautiously optimistic about modestly higher volume trends going forward. Our customers are launching new products that are targeted at specific age groups by offering brand extensions for toddlers, school-age children, teens and adults. Using our proprietary technologies, we provide unique packaging solutions that offer easy open and reclosable features, microwavable formats, on-the-go [indiscernible] sizes and tamper-evident structures to enhance the consumer experience. Our R&D teams use a rigorous process to evaluate opportunities and accelerate viable prospects to commercial scale. As we identify worthwhile platforms in which to invest, we expect the total R&D spending to increase modestly, toward 1% of net sales over the next few years. During 2014, we continue to invest capital wisely and not accumulate cash. Our priorities continue to be support our dividend program, investment in capital projects, fund strategic acquisitions and balance share repurchases while deleveraging. With our leverage levels in check, we repurchased a total of 2 million shares during 2013. Our target of $500 million from cash for operations in 2014 will support further investment across the spectrum of opportunities. I have asked Bill Austen, our Chief Operating Officer, to join us today to provide some additional detail regarding the new product pipeline and our increased guidance for capital expenditures in 2014.
William F. Austen: Thanks, Henry, and good morning, everyone. We have a robust capital expenditure plan for 2014 that supports our long-term growth strategy. In recent years, we have been focused on integrating 25 acquired plants across 5 countries in addition to closing 9 plants impacted by our facility consolidation program. At the same time, we have been optimizing our specification portfolio. Now that this hard work is complete, we are focused on executing our growth agenda. In 2014, we are investing in state-of-the-art capacity to support top line growth and further strengthen our competitive position. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $175 million to $200 million this year. This increased capital spending reflects investments to meet the growing liquid market needs, to enhance our medical packaging capabilities and to expand our sealant and protective film extrusion platform in Asia. In addition, we are investing in select research and development projects that will create long-term growth opportunities. Current market trends support these investments. For example, our customers have started the conversion process from glass and cans to flexible packaging, especially in the liquid area. At Bemis, we offer unique liquid packaging solutions that provide the superior shield strength necessary to withstand lengthy distribution processes into retail markets. As such, we are expanding our operations with equipment that will meet this growing demand for flexible packaging of liquid products such as soups, sauces, fruit slurries, meal kits and even personal care products. For example, in Latin America, our liquid packaging solution helped one of our health and hygiene product customers convert its personal care line from a blow-molded bottle to a flexible standup pouch. These personal care products contain oils and fragrances that are extremely difficult to contain and our unique barrier and sealant technologies solve this challenge. And in Asia, we are expanding our 9-layer extrusion capacity to support the increasing demand for medical device and pharmaceutical packaging from our global customers located in this region of the world. This investment also supports our future expansion into the protein markets in China. Our strategic investments in these key capabilities will support our long-term growth strategy to expand our leading position in high-barrier products, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and in developing economies. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry for his comments on the financial results.
Jerry S. Krempa: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will be discussing the 2013 financial results and also our 2014 guidance. This morning, Bemis Company reported fourth quarter 2013 adjusted earnings per share of $0.54, which was in the range of our recent quarterly guidance of $0.50 to $0.56 per share. For the full year 2013, Bemis achieved record adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.20, a 6% increase compared to 2012 earnings of $2.15 per share. This improvement was driven by higher gross margins, which increased to 19.3% of net sales in 2013 as compared to 18.4% in 2012. Next, I will walk through the sales and operating profit performance of each of our reportable segments. When talking about sales today, let's focus on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules that were posted to our website this morning, as Erin had indicated. This page provides detail on the changes in net sales by segment. Looking at the total year column, our U.S. Packaging operations, which represents about 60% of total Bemis annual sales, saw a 1.8% decrease in 2013 total year net sales. Excluding the 1.4% reduction in sales from the divestiture of the Clysar business and the 1.4% reduction from the optimization effect, we experienced positive organic growth of 1% for the year 2013. This 1% organic growth in U.S. Packaging was primarily driven by increases in meat, cheese, dairy and liquid packaging, which is consistent with our strategy to pursue high-barrier packaging applications. As Henry mentioned, we are especially pleased by the sales momentum seen in the fourth quarter of 2013, where organic growth reached 2.8%. This increase is noted on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules in the fourth quarter column. Let me step back for a moment to explain what is meant by the optimization effect. The optimization effect is the impact of those sales dollars that we chose not to transition in conjunction with the facility consolidation program during the past 2 years. Essentially, optimization effect represents sales that had margins lower than what we considered acceptable to support the cost of moving the production to another facility. Optimization effect only refers to business impacted by the facility consolidation program and not to business impacted by the ongoing effort to improve our sales mix. With the optimization impact isolated, the performance of the core business is shown as organic on the supplemental schedules and is our version of same-store sales. Before I discuss U.S. Packaging operating profit, I would like to remind everyone that, during 2012, we harmonized certain accounting practices on a global basis in connection with the enterprise resource planning system implementation. The net effect of this policy harmonization reduced total Bemis operating profit by approximately $2 million in 2012. Specifically, the 2012 policy harmonization resulted in a favorable $13.8 million adjustment for U.S. Packaging, an unfavorable $16.4 million adjustment for Global Packaging, and a small, favorable, $500,000 adjustment for Pressure Sensitive. As we discuss operating profit comparisons below, I will exclude the impact of these adjustments so that we are discussing numbers on a more comparable, apples-to-apples basis. U.S. Packaging operating profit in 2013 was 12.8% of net sales compared to 13% of net sales in 2012. During 2013, we did realize benefits from an improved sales mix in U.S. Packaging. However, this benefit was offset by higher production costs experienced during the second half of 2013 related to the final installation of certain equipment that was relocated as a result of our facility consolidation program. Let me switch the discussion to our Global Packaging operations, which represents about 30% of total Bemis annual sales. Looking again at the total year column on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, our Global Packaging operations reported a net sales decrease of 3.3% in 2013. Currency movement negatively impacted sales by 4.8%, which, as Henry mentioned earlier, is related to the weakness in the Brazilian real. The acquisition of our extrusion platform in Foshan, China increased sales by 2.8%, while facility consolidation-related plant closings decreased sales by 3% in 2013. The remaining 1.7% organic growth in our Global Packaging operations was driven primarily by higher selling prices in 2013. Operating profit for this segment was 7.1% of net sales in 2013 as compared to 7% in 2012. The impact of currency negatively impacted Global Packaging operating profit by $6.9 million in 2013, which was driven by the weaker Brazilian real. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, which represents about 10% of total Bemis annual sales, net sales for 2013 decreased about 0.005% compared to 2012. In this segment, a benefit from currency translation of 1.1% was offset by a decrease in organic sales of 1.5%. Operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment decreased to 5.4% of net sales compared to 6.8% in 2012. Most of this decrease resulted from lower European sales of higher-margin graphics products sold for advertising and promotional applications. We would expect improvement in operating profit as the European economy begins to strengthen. Total selling, general and administrative expense as a percent of net sales was approximately 10% in both 2013 and 2012. We expect consistent levels of this expense in 2014. During 2013, our business teams focused on prudently managing accounts receivable and inventory levels, resulting in nominal impact to cash flows from operations for the full year. Capital expenditures in 2013 were approximately $140 million. As expected, spending ramped up during the fourth quarter, representing down payments on equipment that will support the growth projects Bill mentioned. Our leverage metric, net debt to adjusted EBITDA, was 2.1x at the end of 2013, in line with 2012 and close to our target of 2x. We purchased 2 million shares of stock during 2013, half of this amount in the first quarter and half just recently, in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead at our 2014 earnings per share guidance. For the first quarter of the year, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.60 per share. Our first quarter is typically one of the slowest volume quarters of the year, while the second and third quarters are seasonally stronger. We expect total year adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.55. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $190 million in 2014 with capital expenditures in the range of $175 million to $200 million. These expenditures will support increased customer demand for high-barrier products and will further strengthen our competitive position. Cash flow from operations for 2014 is expected to exceed $500 million. The increase from the 2013 cash flow of $373 million reflects the benefit of improved operating performance and the fully funded status of our pension plans, as well as the elimination of facility consolidation spending that existed in 2013. We expect our effective tax rate to be 35% in 2014. Thank you for your time today. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was just curious, on raw material increases for 2014, you said you were only basing your increases an annualized -- or sorry, announced price increases so far. Can you just...
Henry J. Theisen: Correct, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, can you just give us a sense for what sort of year-over-year increase that would be on resin prices, the announced price increases so far?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the announced price increase in polyethylene is $0.04 per pound. And that's what we baked in. We look further down during the year, prices are very volatile in raw material. Sometimes they go up, sometimes they go down. We really can't predict what they're going to do in October, November or July or whatever. So the best thing for us to do is just bake in what we know is on the table today. And that way, everybody can evaluate our guidance.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up, there was some discussion in the industry in 4Q around pricing, being a bit more aggressive on pricing to offset some of these raw material increases. What did you see in your business? Were you guys a little bit more aggressive around customers trying to get some of these increased costs back?
Henry J. Theisen: I think we've been aggressive for a long period of time, recognizing that when these raw materials come through, we have to pass them on. They're such an important component of our overall operating profit that if we don't pass it through, we don't make our guidance, we don't make our EPS. So I think the -- it's been very competitive in the past. It's still extremely competitive. We work very hard to pass all the raw material costs. And I really don't see a change in this over the year 2013.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My two questions are around CapEx. I guess first question, on the -- you did a good job of delineating where you're spending relative to end markets and products. Is it possible to discuss what kind of required rate of return you're putting on these projects or what kind of payback you are hoping to get in terms of years? And then the other question would be I thought I heard Jerry say some of the spending is also to improve competitive positioning, which, in my view, would be improving productivity, putting in new equipment, replacing older equipment. Can you give us some details there?
Henry J. Theisen: Return on invested capital is very important for the Bemis Company. We've been emphasizing this for the last few years and we will continue to emphasize it. Every new CapEx program goes through a rigorous process here, where we take a look at what return on invested capital that will be. It has to be higher than what we currently operate at. It has to be accretive to our ROIC so it grows in the future. We also take a look at risk based on where it is on the globe. Putting capital into Brazil is more risky because of the real than, say, putting it here in the U.S. So we are very concerned about return on invested capital and growing our margins in this business. The second part of your question was around more -- being more competitive. Sometimes we put in equipment that -- we're very happy here. We've got a lot of good R&D projects coming up, a lot of good programs coming in, which we think are going to put us in a better cost position. We're going to be investing in that type of equipment. That will give us a better cost position. It will be more sustainable. We use less polymers to deliver the same convenience features, the same extended shelf life, the same barriers. So part of it is that, part of it is new products coming out and part of it is we're trying to get in some new markets, around pharmaceutical and also some of the things that we picked up with our acquisition in China that give us a little foray into the electronics business. So it's kind of a combination of all those things.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a follow-up on CapEx. 2014, obviously you're going to have a bit of a step-up in CapEx to take advantage of some of these opportunities. And I'm just wondering, as we look to '15 or '16, is there a normalized level of CapEx or would you expect to step down, back to kind of the $130 million, $140 million range? Or how should we think about maybe a normalized level of CapEx beyond '14?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that'd be a good question, Bill, for you as Chief Operating Officer, to answer.
William F. Austen: Thanks, Henry. As we look out into '15 and '16 and beyond, I don't see it stepping down to a normalized rate in '15. But beyond that, we'll probably come down to a normalized, a little bit lower rate than D&A. But as we go through '15, it will be at the D&A rate as well. That's what our plans are today.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a question on the volume outlook that you had, or that you communicated at the beginning of the call. It seemed like a little bit more of a positive view on order books and what you're seeing in the market or with your customers early in the year. And I'm just wondering, is that a reflection of maybe consumer confidence picking up? Or are you doing better with specific customers? Or, given your weighting to food, are you seeing some improvement in the food category? I'm just wondering if you can give us any kind of color on the order book strength that you referenced and where you think that's coming from?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it really comes from 3 areas. The first one is, and we've talked about it in the past, is the rigid to flexible conversion. Our customers don't have to be selling say, for instance, more soup than they did in the past, but you're going to see some of it in a standup pouch versus a can. So we're picking up some growth just by switching from the rigid format to the flexible format. In other areas, we are taking market share based on the products, based on being able to service our customers, based on being able to meet their demands as far as lead times and things because of our size and the amount of equipment we have. And finally, we're starting to get a little bit more growth in our new product platforms. So it's a combination of all 3 things.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Henry, one question, just a follow-up to the previous question. Are you seeing any underlying improvement in food and beverage volume in the U.S.? Or are they more company-specific factors that are making you more optimistic about volume this year?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, overall, beverage has been a weakness for us in 2013, and I think it's going to be a weakness for us in 2014, especially with the carbonated area. So that, I think, is going to continue to perform weaker than it has in the past, much in line with 2013. But if you move to other things, like medical device packaging or even the food packaging, I don't want to say there's an optimism, but our customers just seem to have a little more step than they did a year ago. There just seems to be a little more better feeling about going forward than there was a year ago. I can't pin it down to anything specific, but it's just a general feel.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then in terms of your 2014 guidance, obviously you'll have $10 million of additional cost savings. And it looks like you'll have a higher tax rate that could roughly offset lower interest expense. So how do you bridge the gap between the $2.28 that you reported in '13 and the $2.48 or so that you're guiding to this year? Is most of the rest just volume? And are there any acquisitions or buybacks embedded in the guidance?
Melanie E. R. Miller: The guidance -- this is Melanie. The guidance doesn't include any acquisitions or share buybacks. It's essentially the addition of -- it ends up being a nice improvement that we finally get to recognize from the savings in our facility consolidation program now that these additional costs are behind us. In addition, we expect to have some savings associated with a reduction in, we'll call it, general retirement benefit costs, or pension plan costs going down offset by some increase in profit-sharing plan expenses going forward. But that will be a net benefit as well. And then just general improvement. As Henry mentioned, modest growth in volume. We're very leveraged to volume now, so a little bit of volume would be nice to the bottom line.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I just wanted some guidance, and you might have gone through this, on how we should expect corporate expense to flow both on an annual basis in '14 and '15, and I know there's some compensation variability, and how it might flow through by quarter in '14?
Melanie E. R. Miller: The best way to look at it by quarter is, I think, just to -- we would look at it evenly. Now there are some fluctuations, especially in the second half of the year as we adjust accruals based upon the actual performance in the first half of the year, especially as it relates to incentive programs. But -- and we had a decrease in that corporate expense line in 2013 that really reflects a change in pension costs and incentive costs year-over-year and some one-time charges or, I would say, reversals of charges that occurred back in the end of 2012. Going forward, I think though, 2013 is the more normal year as you look at the expenses and SG&A costs, if you look back on the income statement in general. And so that plus inflation would be a normal number to look towards in 2014.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And does that mean something like around $90 million? Or did you tell us sort of what the full-year number would be about?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Probably in excess of $90 million, if you look at the total year for 2014. But yes, something -- it's something that as we -- we don't really plan that number. We're really looking at the income statement. And on the income statement, you're seeing R&D expense that's a little bit higher in 2013. We think that it'll be a modestly higher number in 2014. And in addition, as we see some modest sales growth in 2014, we think SG&A, as a percent of sales, is going to be still in that 10% range. And you're going to see relatively the same level of growth then as we go into 2014.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I had a quick question on your Global segment. You guys generally sound a little more upbeat about U.S., but how are you thinking about Global, particularly Brazil, just because you guys flagged the real was going to be a headwind? And how should we be thinking about the earnings sensitivity on currency on that front?
Henry J. Theisen: As we look at Brazil, food inflation is a major component of what's going on down in Brazil. And we'll also see other general inflations that -- going on in Brazil. We are being very concerned and sensitized to raising our prices as raw materials go up. We are maintaining our market share in that business and we're expanding into some markets but food inflation is a headwind that we have to fight through this year. And I think we did a very good job of fighting through it in 2013. In reais, our operating profits were up substantial even though the volumes weren't there. And we're going to continue to those same programs that we put in place in 2013 to maintain our operating and grow our operating profit even in the face of these issues.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And as you look at this year, just to talk a little bit about the reais impact, as you're talking about that. This year, the real moved about 10% and that was about a $7 million hit to the Global Packaging segment. So going forward, that sort of sizes the operating profit impact to you as you look at 2014.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions for you. First, an easy one. Could you give us an update on where you are with the CFO search? Are you looking internal, external, maybe some timing of when you anticipate, how far along you are, et cetera?
Henry J. Theisen: We have a good process in place. We started that process immediately after Scott moved on. And we have a process in place. We're working the process in place. And I think we'll have a CFO sometime here in the first half of the year.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, first half of the year. Okay, so second question is, and I'd echo George's comments, thank you for the color as you went through the components of the kind of sales bridge as you broke that out for us. Would -- I just want to make sure I'm understanding something correctly. I mean, the optimization effect as you described it was due to as you've gone through and closed 9 facilities and business you chose not to retain any longer. Now that you've got most all of these facilities closed and rebalanced and where you want them, are we effectively done with giving up lower margin business, et cetera, such that, that optimization effect should kind of net to 0? That's kind of first part. So my question really is around kind of movement from here forward in '14. So one, are we effectively done with optimization or is there more of that to go, what's the run rate? And then kind of the element within there is, from an organic basis, what are you anticipating then as we move forward? You talked about your gut feeling being a little bit of growth. Is that 1 point, is that 3 points? Or how do you think about that?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first off, I'll take the optimization question. That is done. The equipment has been moved. The businesses have been moved. We are running the business and serving our customers in the facilities where we want that business to run. That is over with. We will see the normal gain some business, lose some business that goes on every year in a normal fashion. So the optimization effect is over. The second part of your question, we look at, in the -- I'll just kind of break it down by the 3 segments. We kind of look in the U.S., the U.S. Packaging is -- we think we're going to do a little bit better than GDP. So that puts you in that 2%, 3% area. Likewise, we think we think we'll do a little bit better in our Global Operations and that kind of varies, Brazil has a little bit different growth than Europe. But I think, overall, we'll be slightly better than GDP in our rest-of-world operations and in our U.S. Pressure Sensitive is going to depend really on the economy of Europe because that's really a graphics, or advertising-type, business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wondered -- I had 2 questions. I wondered, first, if you can just help us in bridging that cash flow from operations, from the $373 million to the $500 plus million in 2014. It sounds like from your EPS guidance that, that should be about a $30 million piece and I just wondered if you could talk about the other elements there. I think you mentioned pension and you mentioned lack of facility rationalization costs.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Right. And so if you look at Page 3 of the supplemental schedules, you'll see that in 2013, we spent $52 million on facility consolidation. That reduced our number -- it was part of the reduction to $373 million in 2013. That we expect to be 0 in 2014. In addition, we had $40 million of pension contributions in 2013. And our pension funds are now -- the ones in the U.S., where we're making large contributions, are over 100% funded. And we do not anticipate any pension contributions in 2014. So with those 2 items behind us, we can even look back and recalculate 2013 cash flow to be substantially higher. And then it's just growth and better management of working capital, our continued good management of working capital going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Question, I guess Henry, is on just some of the new business. And if you could help us maybe with the visibility you have there to the degree you do. But if you just aggregate all of that, is there a flavor or a sense you could give us as to what kind of boost to volumes that would be in '14 and maybe how that compared to this time of year last year?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that, that kind of goes back to the question that came up a little earlier, that we expect to do slightly better than GDP. And so that puts you -- some of these high-barrier applications are going to give us 2%, 3% growth in volumes. And it's going to be slightly better than the GDP.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And I would add, Al, that if you think about where our new business is, and especially in our new products and the new platforms that we're investing in, some of those new products for Bemis are, as Henry was saying and Bill was saying, too, a conversion from a different format, a glass, a can or a rigid bottle into a plastic. So that would be growth for us. But in addition, there are also opportunities where we will be upgrading or changing the package that we're supplying to an existing customer. So that may be new products, new package for Bemis or increase in using our new products we're issuing. But it's -- the old package was also a Bemis package, just a lower margin one. So we're sort of trading up our existing customers at the same time as we're seeing the market itself for flexible packaging grow with the transition from rigid.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then the second question I had is just, as the CapEx ramps up in '14 from some of the new capacity you're adding, just in terms of how that rolls in and ramps up from an earnings perspective. Are there -- is that immediately accretive to earnings? Or, oftentimes when you're adding new capacity, there's fixed cost absorption and D&A headwinds, et cetera, and it takes a little while to sort of fill that all up. So I was just wondering if you could help us with how you see the cadence from the new capacities and how that sort of ramps to earnings?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, let me turn that one over to Bill, who's in charge of ramping the stuff up for us.
William F. Austen: A lot of this new capacity, Al, comes on as we get through the year of 2014. So you start to see the ramp-up in earnings or the addition to earnings as we get into 2015. There won't be much of an impact in 2014.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, Henry, can you remind us how your contracts work in terms of being able to recover raw material costs and whether there have been any changes, nuance changes as you've gone through the optimization program over the last 12 months?
Henry J. Theisen: I will say this, that we worked hard and changes over the last few years have been really cleaning up the contracts that we had inherited with the Alcan acquisition. Most of our contracts are now 3-month contracts. In other words, you get to pass through either the increase in raw materials or the decrease in raw materials on a 90-day basis. And we are very diligent in doing that. If a price increase happens in the first month, it takes 90 days to pass it through; if it happens on the 89th day, it goes immediately. Likewise, if raw materials fall during the course of that time, we can have 89 days of lower raw material costs or we can have 1 day of lower raw material cost. But basically, the contracts fire [indiscernible] escalated the escalators every 90 days. And there really has been no change at all in those contracts since we've cleaned up the Alcan pieces.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful, Henry. So essentially, it seems like even there are changes in the raw material cost that may impact the company for a quarter, beyond that really, the way that the contracts are structured, you really have essentially the full pass-through of the raw material?
Henry J. Theisen: That's 100% correct.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just on the M&A pipeline. What are you guys seeing across the businesses that you're in? And what's the appetite to do further bolt-on deals in '14?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we would like to have some good acquisitions. We look for acquisitions that are going to add technology to our company or give us access to new markets or new customers. There's a lot of stuff that goes on in there. If there is something going on in our industry or something related to our industry, Bemis will know about it and have an opportunity. But right now, there's nothing imminent.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Henry, first question is on Global Packaging. So recognizing that we haven't had this segment in its current form for a long period of time, when you look back historically at how the Global segment performed, what kind of growth rate, what kind of margin is possible in, I realize this is subjective, but a normal year, a good year?
Henry J. Theisen: My goal and the goal of our company is to get our Global, rest-of-world packaging business to be double digit, to get it up into that 10%-return-on-sales area. And I think you're going to see -- right now, we're about 7%, 7.1%. I think you're going to see us over the next 2 to 3 years make progress and get to that 10% level.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The second question is more a point of clarification on some of the things that you're just -- you were saying earlier. Number one, realizing that return on capital is important to you, do you in fact have a payback period, a return on capital threshold, with the new projects in? Secondly, on volume, I think you were answering Alex's question before. I know you're saying you should do better, 2% to 3% better than GDP, but -- or you're looking for 2% or 3% volume growth. But GDP is going to be 2%, 3% this year. So really, what kind of volume growth are you looking for across your 2 packaging business?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we're really looking for volume growth that's a little bit better than GDP. Whatever GDP is, we expect to beat that slightly. A little modest growth over GDP.
Melanie E. R. Miller: So if GDP is 2% to 3%, it's reasonable for us to say maybe 2% to 4%. So something a little bit better. With regards to ROIC and the payback period, it really depends upon -- based upon the detailed process that we go through, it's really individual valuation by project and then looking at the return relative to the business that it supports and in the geography that, that particular piece of equipment supports. So it varies but we are specifically focused on, when it comes to production equipment, some pretty quick returns. And as Bill suggested, it's not going to be a 2014 event where we've got a lot of new business coming in 2014. For the most part these are investments in 2014 that we expect to get benefits from very quickly, in 2015 and 2016. So certainly it'll be a pretty quick turnaround with regard to production equipment. When you get to investments in R&D platforms, there, there's a little bit longer timeline. It's a different measure. But still, there's a qualification, a rigorous qualification process that our engineers go through in order to evaluate the appropriates of the investment and when we are going to start seeing commercial sales from those platforms.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes, and you might have addressed this. If I missed it, I apologize. But when you look at your balance sheet and the cash flow changed, and it was great to get that detail about the swing in pension and the restructuring costs going away. How do you kind of look at the priorities of buybacks versus further deleveraging or M&A?
Henry J. Theisen: As we said earlier, if we are happy with our position, at about 2.1x leverage that we talked about earlier in the day, and it's just going to depend upon what opportunities are available to us. We're going to take a look at all the M&A opportunities out there. Is it the right one for us? Does it fit us? Do we have opportunities for organic growth that we have to support CapEx or we have to support some R&D investments? And then share repurchases are on the table as the cash comes in. So it's just going to be what opportunities and what things we have that we can do with that cash at the time.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And underscoring that, Henry, I would add that it is not -- we don't intend to accumulate cash. The cash fluctuates a little bit on our balance sheet because of the geography that it happens to sit in but we have made a lot of changes in the way that we're managing cash in order to access that cash, even around the world. And we intend to minimize the cash on the balance sheet and manage to a certain 2.0x leverage level. To the extent that we have excess cash, and we obviously have a lot of strong cash flow expected going forward out of this business, we'll be looking in all those opportunities including share repurchases, as Henry mentioned.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then just as a quick follow-up. There's been a few questions around the normalized growth rate kicking up to about a GDP level. And I guess if we assume -- if we get back to that past rate of 2.5%, 3%, I guess the question I have is, when you look at population growth, it's tended to be about 1 point of that 3, and productivity has been 2 points of that. And since most of your packaging goes into food, I would have to assume you expect to gain some significant share year-on-year in the packaging space since I certainly wouldn't expect people to -- certainly hope they don't eat 2% more each year. I know my wife tells me I don't need to.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I think -- you're right. And it kind of comes from 2 things. I think just our -- the products we make, the size we have, our ability to service our key customers. We're going to get some market share in the products that we currently make. But we're also going to get growth. It may not be growth for the consumer. But as we talked before, it's going to be soup being in a standup pouch instead of a can. It's going to be in ketchup, in a standup pouch instead of a rigid bottle. It's going to be in soups and sauces. When you go onto the baby food aisle and you see the conversion, it used to all be in glass and now it's in a foil standup pouch. So it's kind of a combination of the shift to more and more flexible from the rigid programs and also just where we stand with our current products and what we deliver, we'll gain some market share.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Henry, I'd like to just come back to the Global Packaging segment for a minute. I think in your comments, you mentioned that Brazil was just a little less than $1 billion -- Brazil and Latin America were a little less $1 billion of the $1.5 billion in sales in that segment, and that the EBIT margins were close to 10%. So if I look at the whole segment and it's got 7.1%, it implies that the profitability in the other $0.5 billion of non- Latin American sales is actually quite low. Can you just -- can you talk about that a little bit? Am I missing something?
Henry J. Theisen: No, no, no, I think you're analyzing it pretty well. Europe has been a problem for us over the last few years. We've talked about that. We're starting to see a little bit of strength in Europe as we focus on those products. And we're starting to get some market share, but our European Flexible business has been a burden for us over the last few years. And we made some significant investments over the last couple of years in China. And we're starting to take a -- we're starting to get an opportunity to grow our margins there. We bought into that knowing that it wasn't quite time yet for our technological products. So we bought in and we got into some markets there that have some lower margins, and we knowingly did that to get a foot in the door, to develop a business, to develop a management team, to start to understand the area. We know that's a region in the world, longer-term, we're going to have to grow in. So we took a little bit of hits to our margins but we are there now and we are accomplishing developing a management team. We're starting to see more and more needs for our types of packaging. In China, they finally put together their first version of our FDA with some of the food safety issues. So -- and we see quite a few of our medical customers start to put businesses into that part of the world. So that was an investment.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And just to clarify the math for you, as we talk about our Latin America business being slightly under $1 billion, that includes a sizable business in Mexico, which also has a pretty low margin at this point. It's improved since we acquired a big portion of it from Alcan but it still is certainly below average for the Global Packaging business. So Mexico, Europe and Asia are all areas where we have some room for improvement to get up to that double-digit operating profit in the near future for Global Packaging. And offsetting that is a pretty healthy medical and pharma business, as Henry said, where we've got some nice margins around the globe just because it's a more complex, high-barrier type of product line.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Henry, sorry to harp on the volume issue but you had, if memory serves, some market share gains in 2013. And you've previously talked about the shift from rigid to plastics. So I guess I'm just trying to better understand what's different this year than last year in terms of volume? I know you said your customers are feeling a bit better but anything beyond that? More share gains, perhaps, than what you had last year?
Henry J. Theisen: I think there's a couple of things that go into that. First off, we're done with the facility consolidation. There's a lot of effort that goes into doing that. And that frees up our sales team. Instead of our salespeople worrying about how to make sure their customer is serviced, they're now looking for more growth opportunities. They're out there trying to get more market share. Our R&D groups and our manufacturing are working on being, now that they have the business, to be more productive, opening up capacity for us to expand. So I think there's a lot to it. The other is we're not shedding as much off the bottom. It's difficult to show, really, the good, profitable volume growth that we had last year when you have certain areas subtracting from it. So I think what you're going to do is you're just going to see more of an emphasis on growing the business. You're not going to have the detraction of the consolidation. And you're not going to have that bottom end of the business subtracting from the total number.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My last 2 questions, guys. First off, I think piggybacking off of Mark's question, you're putting in a 9-layer extrusion line in China. How do you protect the intellectual property around that, around the Bemis know-how that ultimately doesn't walk out the door when your employees go home at night? That's question number one. Question number two, yes, I think we've talked maybe about this a long time ago, not more recently. Pressure Sensitive Material, it's 10% of the portfolio. The company has had, over the years, different approaches to whether that would stay in the portfolio or not. How core do you see PSM in the business? And if it was less core -- well, certainly it is less core than flexible. If it was less core than you wanted it to be, do you see the same obstacles to perhaps divesting of it as had been the case say 10, 15 years ago?
Henry J. Theisen: Our Pressure Sensitive business is, you're right, is about 10% of our total sales. Every year that we take a look at our portfolio -- last year, we decided it was time to divest Clysar because it didn't sell. So every year we review our portfolio. Our Pressure Sensitive is part of it now. We are leveraging our medical device business and growing Pressure Sensitive in some areas. But it does remain out there as a question.
William F. Austen: George, I'll take the one on China. This is Bill. It's a great question and, obviously, it's a risk. But many companies have put technology into China and been able to keep it and there are processes established, specifically at the company that we purchased, NCS, where they segregate the duties so that there isn't one individual or group of individuals that understands the entire process or package, if you will. So there's a segregation of duties, and those segregation of duties keep that specification unknown to the entire group. So they've been doing this for a while. They actually have patents on some of their film structures and they've been able to maintain those. So we've been able to understand and learn that process and now we have those procedures and practices in the facility, as well.
Henry J. Theisen: You bring up a good question on protecting your technology. Just because you put in a 9-layer line doesn't mean you're going to move your most technical and proprietary products. We can use that 9-layer line to make some things and upgrade the technology that they have but not yet send over our most technical and proprietary technologies.
William F. Austen: And understand, the packaging sophistication that's there today is -- the requirement for packaging sophistication is nowhere near what it is in the U.S. So you don't put, to Henry's point, the latest and greatest there out of the chute. It develops over time.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Henry, I wanted to go back on the volume question, and again, apologies to harp on it. But I guess where I struggle is, it's not just 2013 that the volumes were below GDP. But if I look at the business during '11 and '12 and '13, they were materially below where GDP growth was. GDP was positive 2%, the volumes were flat to negative even if I adjust for the optimization in my model. And I agree with you that, over the last 20 years, Flexibles has grown a little bit above GDP but, looking at your business that has been the case for the last 3 years. So I guess how do we get comfortable that we see this acceleration in '14 to a 2% to 4% volume number where it's just been nowhere close to that in the last 3 years?
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie, Alex. The -- if you look at volume over the last 3 years, it's been a very unusual time in Bemis history. In 2010, we acquired the Alcan Food Americas business that increased our business size by 40%. And really, the exercise in 2010 was really focused on the existing customers that we had and that we acquired and making sure that all of them were being serviced properly. So we were very inwardly focused on our existing business and retaining what we had. As we came into 2011, we had this enormous increase in food prices. There was food inflation in the grocery stores. It wasn't net -- it was also increase in resin costs but what impacted demand in 2011 was an increase in food prices that just reduced demand specifically in the areas that we serve, in branded products. With food inflation so high, a lot of the consumers were moving into private label and fewer brand products. And while we serve both sides of that, we do a lot in both areas of the market, we obviously have a very large share in the branded side. And so that impacted our volumes as we got into 2011. 2012, we closed -- started closing some plants. And all of the same-store sales schedule that we showed you, with the optimization effect on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, all of that was going on in 2012 as well. We didn't start tracking it until 2013, when it became a more difficult conversation to have in trying to explain the changes in our volume. But we had plant closings all through 2012 and plant closings also in 2013. Now, as Henry and Bill said, as we get -- as we ended 2013, we've got a lot of positive momentum within the business organically. If you ignore this optimization effect that we're about to anniversary and is going to 0, now we've got some positive momentum. We're seeing strong orders in backlog. We're seeing conversion to our type of packaging. And all of those things, plus our focus on new products and new customers and new outlets for our products in the market, all of those things give us the confidence that we're going to start seeing some modest volume growth. And modest volume growth being maybe 2% to 3%, 2% to 4%. So we're not talking 10% to 20% growth. We're talking something a little bit more normal -- normalized for our market. And I agree with you that it's been very slow the last couple of years. But we see 2014 as a turning point and a different year for Bemis and for the market compared to what we've seen the last couple of years.
Operator: And we have no further questions over the phones. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Erin Winters for any additional or closing remarks.
Erin Winters: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our conference call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry J. Theisen - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive & Finance Committee
Analysts: Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bemis Company hosted Bemis Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melanie Miller. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter 2013 conference call. Today is October 24, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with comments on the financial statements and outlook for the year, followed by Henry with comments on business performance and market trends. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourselves to 1 question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and in the supplemental schedules on our corporate website under the Investor Relations section. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass on increased cost in our selling prices, unexpected cost related to production transition, interest rates fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Melanie. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on this third quarter call. I'll start with a reminder that the third quarter supplemental schedules are available on bemis.com under the Investor Relations tab. The supplemental schedules provide more detail relating to this morning's press release and financial statements. The first slide details the adjustments to reconcile from GAAP to non-GAAP earnings per share. This quarter, these adjustments reflect 2 activities. First, we recorded a gain on sale of property totaling $0.02 per share. This property was not related to the facility consolidation program. Second, net charges of $0.10 per share associated with the facility consolidation program include final direct costs associated with the closure of these 9 facilities. These costs include about $0.07 per share related to a multiemployer pension liability associated with 2 of our closed facilities. This $0.07 per share charge reflects an estimated increase in the withdrawal liability. We expect this multiemployer pension liability to be settled within the next 12 months. While we do not expect any additional direct charges associated with the closure of the plants, we are experiencing higher-than-expected production costs related to the installation of certain relocated equipment. These installation costs and production inefficiencies are not included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, but are instead reflected on Slide 2 of the supplemental schedules as a reduction in our realized program savings in the second half of this year. The net of these 2 adjustments brings us to our non-GAAP earnings-per-share of $0.60, consistent with last year's third quarter results and in line with our guidance of $0.57 to $0.63 this quarter. Slide 2 of the supplemental schedules shows the total expenses, cash payments and net savings associated with our facility consolidation program, including expectations for the remainder of this year. It is important to note that the net cost savings shown on this schedule represents the savings associated with the closed facilities, net of increased production and installation costs related to the relocation of production and equipment from the closed facilities. Total savings from the completed facility consolidation program are expected to be $50 million per year or $12.5 million per quarter. We achieved those savings in the second quarter, but this quarter we encountered substantially higher costs associated with the relocation of equipment and transfer of production, reducing our net cost savings to $6 million. As you can see on the box on the right-hand side of the slide, we expect the same savings, net of higher costs, to continue through the fourth quarter. The full annual savings rate of $50 million is expected to be achieved beginning in 2014. The third slide in the supplemental schedules details of the change in net sales for Bemis in total and by business segment. We identified the components of the changes in sales, including currency effect, M&A transaction effect and optimization effect. Optimization effect reflects the impact of those sales that we walked away from in conjunction with the facility consolidation program. Essentially, optimization effect represents sales that were at lower margins than we considered acceptable to support the cost of moving the production to another facility. Optimization effect only refers to business impacted by the facility consolidation program and not to business impacted by the ongoing effort to improve our sales mix. With the optimization impact isolated, the performance of the core business is shown as organic and is our version of same-store sales. As this third slide of the supplemental schedules indicates, total consolidated Bemis net sales decreased by 2.3% compared to the third quarter of 2012. Currency accounted for a 1.5% drop and the added sales from the acquisition of a China-based extrusion film business this quarter were substantially offset by the reduction in sales due to the divestiture of our Clysar plant last quarter. In total, optimization effects reduced net sales by 1.8% compared to the third quarter of 2012. Excluding the impact of currency, mergers and acquisitions transactions and optimization, organic net sales increased for total Bemis by about 1.1%. To provide more color on the growth in our core business, I'll go through the detail of the business segments in the same way. In the U.S. Packaging business segment, which represents about 60% of our annual net sales, third quarter sales decreased by 3.1% compared to the third quarter of 2012. The sale of the Clysar plant accounted for a decrease of 2.5% in net sales. Optimization activities in the U.S. also decreased net sales by 1.5% compared to last year. Therefore, excluding the impact of the divestiture and excluding the impact of the optimization activities, net sales in the U.S. Packaging segment increased by about 1%. This increase in our organic net sales reflects the benefit of price and sales mix improvement, partially offset by lower unit sales volume compared to the third quarter of 2012. Year-over-year comparisons are challenging this quarter because we commercialize new business in several of our high-barrier product lines during the third quarter of last year. This year, volumes decreased sequentially from the second quarter and compared to last year. Adjusted operating profit as a percentage of sales for our U.S. Packaging segment was 13% this quarter. This is consistent with the results for the first half of 2013, reflecting the benefits of increased sales of value-added products in spite of lower unit volume levels. This compares to adjusted operating profit margins in the third quarter of 2012 of 13.9%, which reflects the benefit of higher volumes in the second half of last year. In our Global Packaging segment, which represents about 30% of total Bemis annual sales, net sales decreased by 1.8%. In total, currency translation reduced net sales by 5.7% compared to the third quarter of 2012. The weaker Brazilian real was the largest contributor to the translation loss. The acquisition of a China-based extrusion film business in July increased sales by about 4.8%. We closed 3 facilities during the fourth quarter of 2012 and discontinued production of the items produced there. The impact of the closed facilities, known as the optimization effect, is shown in the supplemental schedule, represents a decrease in net sales of 3.0%. After accounting for each of these items, the remaining organic or same-store sales growth in net sales for the Global Packaging segment totaled 2.1% for the third quarter and reflects the net positive impact of price increases. We implemented a double-digit price increase in our Latin American business late in 2012, the impact of which has been partially offset by lower unit volumes across most packaging applications. Unit volumes, as well as price and mix, were up modestly in our European packaging operations this quarter compared to the third quarter of last year. Adjusted operating profit for the Global Packaging segment was $28.3 million, or 7.6% of sales, an increase versus last year's Q3 operating margin of 6.7%. Excluding the negative impact of currency, adjusted operating profit dollars would have increased by about 20% compared to the third quarter of last year. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, net sales for the third quarter increased by 1.2% compared to last year's third quarter including a benefit from currency translation of 1.7%. Organic sales therefore decreased by 1/2 of 1%. Operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment increased to $7.9 million, or 5.8% of net sales, compared to $7.7 million, or 5.7% of net sales, for the same quarter of 2012. About 45% of the sales of the segment are exposed to the European economy and especially to the European advertising industry. While we are working hard to combat these headwinds, we do not expect dramatic improvement in operating profit until the European economy begins to strengthen and demand for our value-added graphic products improves. Looking at Bemis' consolidated gross profit as a percentage of sales, our margins improved to 19.7% this quarter compared to 19.2% during the third quarter of 2012. The increase in gross margins reflects a limited amount of incremental cost savings, improvement in procurement processes and improved sales mix compared to the third quarter of 2012. As a result, gross profit dollars for this quarter were consistent with last year in spite of lower sales levels. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were consistent with last year and last quarter and we expect these costs to be relatively stable through the fourth quarter. The income tax rate for the third quarter was 34.1%, consistent with last quarter and slightly below our expected rate of 35% as we benefited from the completion of the state tax audit. In the fourth quarter, we expect the effective tax rate to be back up to 35%. Cash flow from operating activities for the third quarter totaled $160 million, about 9% higher than the third quarter of 2012. Working capital is still higher than we expected, in part because we are still carrying more inventory associated with the transition of production between plants during the facility consolidation. As this transition winds down during the fourth quarter, we expect working capital levels to decline and the business to generate improved operating cash flow going forward. We expect cash flow from operations to be approximately $400 million for the total year 2013. This estimate is lower than our previous 2013 estimate of $430 million, which also reflects our slightly lower earnings guidance for Q4. This amount incorporates about $50 million of payments associated with the plant closures and approximately $40 million of pension contributions. With those expenditures behind us after 2013, we continue to expect the cash flow from operations to be in excess of $500 million in 2014. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were about $36 million, bringing total spending for the 9 months to $90.3 million. Capital expenditures spending to date is lower than planned due to delays in the integration of production during the facility consolidation program. These delays have pushed some of the capital projects to the fourth quarter of 2013 and into 2014. We are leaving our full year 2013 capital expenditure guidance unchanged at $130 million to $140 million, depending on the timing of related payments. Regarding balance sheet leverage, net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the third quarter was 2.1x, an improvement from the same quarter of 2012 and close to our target rate of 2x. As we have discussed, we intend to invest capital wisely and not to accumulate cash. Our priorities continue to be funding the dividend, investing in required capital projects, funding strategic acquisitions and balancing share repurchases with paying down debt. Combined with our programs to improve operating margins in our business operations, we expect our return on invested capital metric to show continuous improvement going forward. Looking forward to the end of the year, our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter is $0.50 to $0.56, bringing our total year guidance to $2.24 to $2.30 per share. This estimate reflects the lack of volume growth in the second half of the year, the negative impact of currency given the current levels of the Brazilian real and the higher-than-expected transition costs associated with the relocation of equipment and production from closed facilities. Our guidance assumes that we will achieve $32 million of the expected total savings from the facility consolidation this year compared to $8 million of savings in 2012. The total run rate of $50 million should be achieved in 2014 once transition-related costs are behind us. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry for his additional comments on business performance.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. This quarter, we are pleased to have achieved profits that reflect our strategic initiatives to improve profitability and sales mix. Gross margin increased to 19.7% compared to 19.2% last year. U.S. Packaging segment operating margin held steady at 13% despite lower sequential unit sales volumes. Global Packaging operating profit increased by 20%, partially offset by the weaker Brazilian currency, as Scott has mentioned. And operating margins in our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment increased sequentially to 5.8%, consistent with last year and a nice improvement from the second quarter. While these are all steps in the right direction, we did have some performance issues this quarter. The modest sales growth that we expected for the second half of this year has not materialized. In addition, while we completed the final plant closure during the second quarter, we were not able to efficiently accommodate the transferred volume due to some mechanical and electrical issues with the equipment being relocated from the closed facilities. Not having a full capacity available created inefficiencies in our U.S. business that required higher costs to be incurred to meet customer commitments. We expect the capacity to be completely repaired and operational in the first quarter of 2014. Sales volume presented a tough comparison with 2012 because we experienced an increase in unit volumes during the third quarter of 2012 with the commercialization and ramp-up of several new liquid products in addition to new cheese business in the United States. While we continue to service these customers and win new business, customer order levels have normalized now compared to the initial ramp-up of 2012. While certain applications have been experiencing weaker consumer demand in the beverage category, we expect growth opportunities on liquid packaging where broad categories of historically canned products are either converting or expanding into flexible packaging formats. For instance, flexible standup pouches for baby food and fruit slurries now appear in the U.S. grocery store near baby food, canned fruit and organic product aisles. Soups and sauces are also beginning to be introduced into new flexible formats. Health-conscious consumers are also driving increased demand for yogurt as well as cheese as a healthy snack alternative. In our medical device packaging category, global sales volumes are lower than last year, reflecting soft consumer demand for elective medical procedures and the austerity measures in the European community. In Latin America, the price of food has increased by double-digit percentages in the past 12 months, reducing demand from cash-strapped consumers. Our selling prices have increased as well, offsetting inflation in this region and supporting the overall organic growth in our Global Packaging segment. Our European Flexible Packaging business teams are executing a strategy to expand in niche markets where our sealant films and proprietary structures provide customers with value-added packaging solutions, increased profit margins in this region reflect modest improvement in both unit sales volume and price mix compared to 2012. In Asia, we have expanded our film extrusion capabilities with the acquisition of a specialty film plant in Foshan, China on July 1. This new capacity will supply specialty films to our operations in China and Malaysia, and represents our film platform for the Asia-Pacific region. Now I'd like to touch briefly on our capital expenditure forecast for the fourth quarter. Now that the facility consolidation program is behind us, our engineers are refocusing their effort on growth initiatives instead of plant closings. The fourth quarter capital expenditure guidance includes down payments on equipment supporting several flexible packaging growth projects which we expect will be completed in 2014. We will continue to invest in growth initiatives going forward to support our long-term strategy which prioritizes barrier technologies, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Thank you for your time today and we'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Henry, what are your customers in North America telling you about why packaged food and beverage volume has been disappointing, recently? I mean, as far as I know, they haven't raised prices on their products to any appreciable extent and can you highlight specific categories that have been weaker than you expected? I know you mentioned beverage, but if you wouldn't mind elaborating on that, that would be great.
Henry J. Theisen: In the U.S. Packaging area, if you look at -- I look at markets that are consider value-added, which really follow food-safety type things, meats, dairies, liquids, those types of things. There -- some are a little up, some are a little down, but basically, they're kind of flat overall. Where we saw a -- really, the drop in volumes kind of fall into 2 areas. One is beverage, and that would represent our multipack business and our labels business for things like carbonated soft drinks. The other area would be really in those commodities type areas that we have taken aggressive pricing actions or have been willing to walk away from business. So what I really want to point out is the areas where you have value-add, it's been kind of flat. A little bit of things -- some are up, some are down, but the main area that we were kind of a little bit surprised by is the beverage area which is the multipack and the labels business. As far as what our customers are telling us, they're still positive. I think they're just trying to figure out what really went on too and -- I don't know. It could just be a lack of real confidence going forward. Nothing specific.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just one follow-up. Obviously, a large competitor of yours in North America announced -- recently announced a sizable price increase. What are your thoughts on that increase? Do you plan to follow it? Any thoughts would be helpful.
Henry J. Theisen: Just to get it out of the table, the price of polyethylene did increase $0.05 going into this quarter. And our people are very dedicated to making sure that when our raw materials increase, they pass those along to our customers. And I fully expect that to happen before the end of the quarter. As far as the comment by one of our large competitors, I haven't seen that -- we haven't seen that in the markets where we compete directly. And in fact, I'd have to say that they're more aggressive than they have been in the past in areas where we compete directly.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Henry, you mentioned with the production issues that you had, you didn't have the full capacity to meet customer needs. And so, I was just wondering, how did you make up for that? I mean, you mentioned you spent more money to make up for that. Did you use outside suppliers or how did you go about selling those needs of the customers?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the first thing I want to do is make a comment on -- I don't want to leave anybody with the idea that we have capacity problems. This was a very unsteady state where we were moving 2 significant pieces of business. Now that those pieces of business are installed, the parts are going to be in and installed here in early November, we will have more than plenty capacity to handle this. And if we have a problem someplace in a steady-state arrangement, this would not be a concern for us. Where we talked about the efficiencies is in order to meet the customer commitments that we had, we moved business to other facilities within the organization. So we had some higher waste with materials that were being produced at startup of these things. We also generated some additional logistics costs, some additional graphics costs, some additional waste costs, as we serviced our customers out of other facilities and met all of our commitments.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just following up on the competitive landscape in some of the flexible pouches that you mentioned, it seems like the 1 product I'm thinking of mostly is the thing you've -- the frozen alcoholic beverage flexible pouch. It seems that a lot of competitors are utilizing a me-too strategy and following on on that. Can you just talk about some of the competitive dynamics in some of those newer products? Is it greater than you would expect? Or does your technology advantage help you out with those customers?
Henry J. Theisen: I think our technology advantage is the reason we get the business in the first place. There's a lot of technology that goes into sealing liquid products and not having leakers or sealing around. There's a lot of technology that goes into the design of hot tack or so when it's hot, it holds together and doesn't open up as you drop 16 ounces of liquid in there. So I think our technology gives us an advantage in getting the business. It also separates us and keeps us in line for that business for a longer period of time. It gives us pricing power. But in all things, eventually your competition catches up. But our technology puts us in first place. Our technology gives us a better pricing in the beginning and it holds on longer on that price curve than you would without that technology advantage.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Alax Wang sitting in for George. First question, just how did Pressure Sensitive business do during the quarter? Did you guys see a strengthening or weakening throughout the quarter? Maybe you can talk a little bit about that.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, Alex, it's Scott. Our Pressure Sensitive Materials business held in pretty well. It was really a consistent quarter from start to finish and we're pleased that we were able to improve our operating margins a little bit during the third quarter over the second quarter. It was really pretty steady during the course of the last 3 months.
Alaxandar Wang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And is it still early to talk about 4Q volumes in Pressure Sensitive?
Scott B. Ullem: It's a little early to talk about 4Q volumes. Any volume changes really will come during the second half of the quarter. And at this point, we don't have any different expectations than the conditions that we've seen in the third quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The optimization effect you discussed that's related to the impact on sales, Scott, how should we model that in 2014? Is there still going to be a headwind through sort of 2Q of next year and then you kind comp through that? Or how should we think about that?
Henry J. Theisen: This is Henry. Gansham, I believe that all of the effects of our closing plants, getting equipment reinstalled, all of those things will be completed in the fourth quarter. There should be no overlap or run into the first quarter of next year.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But I guess, in terms of the business you walked away from? Sorry.
Henry J. Theisen: But I think that's over.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Yes, so that should be anniversaried, hopefully by the end of December.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then Scott, just in terms of the profitability profile in '14 versus '13, I know you had some savings from the cost savings program that you have been working so hard on, but do you expect operating profit to be up year-over-year '14 versus '13 if volumes don't pick up?
Scott B. Ullem: We do and we'll talk more about that in the next quarter's call. But we just spent, in addition to the optimization, the facility consolidation program, we've been spending a lot of time making sure that we're getting paid an appropriate margin for the technology differentiation that our products deliver to our customers. And so we are very focused on improving our operating margins going forward. We expect to see that improvement in 2014.
Operator: Then we'll go next to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Scott, that was very good rundown and I just must have missed it, but you did say, as we go through these 3 segments, if we kind of look at the organic volumes, as you look at it, I guess the U.S. was down in packaging. But could you tell -- and I believe you said in Global that Europe was up and LatAm was down, but overall it was flat, but if you could verify that? And then also, what were the organic volumes, as you look at them in Pressure Sensitive, year-over-year?
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. Let me go through that briefly with you and then I can go through that again with you offline if you'd like. But with regard to U.S. Packaging, if you look at the components of change in net sales scheduled that's in the supplemental schedules that we included, organic U.S. Packaging sales were up 0.9%. And that represents increased price in mix, partially offset by volume decline in total. On the Global Packaging side, organic was up 2.1%, which represents substantial increases in price and mix really around the globe as offset by a decrease in volume in Latin America, specifically. And in Pressure Sensitive, the organic price and mix -- organic volume was down about 0.50%. That represents a slight decline in price mix as volume in roll label was flat and volume in graphic products was down modestly.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. I know, Henry, you mentioned one of your competitors was being a bit maybe more competitive or at least at their markets, could you just give us an idea of the specific markets in packaging you felt might be a little bit more competitive?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that all markets are competitive. I think it really hasn't changed. It's very competitive. You have a no-growth environment out there, or very slow-growth environment. And our competitors will chase new business just as we chase new business. I don't think it's really drastically changed.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Usha Guntupalli with Goldman Sachs.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So for the quarter, could you quantify the savings from facility consolidation and the headwinds from equipment transition costs? I know you gave us a net number but what would the individual buckets be?
Melanie E. R. Miller: The individual pieces of what was -- what the savings was and what the costs were?
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Exactly.
Melanie E. R. Miller: I think that's what you're asking. So in the third quarter, we had talked about the facility consolidation-related savings to be achieved would be about $12.5 million a quarter. And if you broke it apart, we could argue that a large part of that $12.5 million was realized, but offset by additional costs associated with what Henry had mentioned about the logistics costs and the increased waste associated with moving production around because the equipment that had been identified for that production to move to was not yet completely installed. So we had to do -- we had a lot of increased costs associated with the moving around of production that reduced it -- reduced our savings in the third quarter to $6 million, which is $6.5 million under what we had expected. And that's on the Facility Consolidation Financial Summary on Page 3 of the supplemental schedules.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then for the acquisition in China, that is NCS, how do you think about the annual EBITDA contribution and earnings accretion in 2014?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. We have not announced what the earnings accretion will be and we may talk more about that in the upcoming call. What I can tell you is that it was an attractive acquisition and the margins of that business reflect the fact that this is a specialty film producer and is going to put us in a position where we can differentiate ourselves with our customers and our offerings in China, beyond just being a converter. But we have, at this point, not disclosed what the profitability margins are going to be, like I say, we may talk more about that next quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions for you. First, I guess I'm a little confused with something, so I want to kind of go back and take a look at specifically what I'm thinking about the U.S. Packaging business. You talked about losing some revenue is part of optimization impact and some stuff that was sold in the revenue section. And when you look at the operating profit section, you talked about -- if we've estimated this right and listening from earlier part, it sounds like it was maybe $6 million or so impact from moving some of the production facilities around. But even if I net this all up and I look at the $24 million difference in revenue and I look up what the profit differential was, making this adjustment, it still suggests that the detrimental margin is something in the high 30s, low 40% range. So I guess where I'm confused is either the business that you sold from Clysar was wickedly profitable or the lower margin business was really, really high profit business that you're walking away from. Can you help me maybe understand why that detrimental margin might have been so high? Or what I might be missing when I'm thinking about it this way?
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. Maybe -- it will probably helpful for us to go through the details of what you're looking at more specifically. But just to comment on -- maybe this will help. As you look at Page 4 of the supplemental schedules and the breakout of what happened with U.S. Packaging, it's -- the volumes, excluding optimization effect where we walked away from volume as a part of facility consolidation program, volumes were also down for the quarter in U.S. Packaging. So the decline in volumes, in addition to the -- or the increased costs associated that we said essentially offset the facility consolidation savings we had been expecting, all of that impacted the results of the quarter in addition to -- and we haven't -- I mean, you still have the optimization effect decline in sales. But you're right, those were low margin sales, not high margin sales. So I think perhaps the answer, looking through all of these that we can go through the details, is the sales volume decline. It was the 1.5% due to optimization effects related to facility consolidation closings, but we also had low volumes ignoring that. And all of that together is going to result in lower operating profit number than you otherwise would've had. Does that answer part of it?
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I'll follow back up. I guess, second -- my second question had to do with this. I look at where you've been adding business or doing some of the growth in Asia Pacific acquisitions, et cetera. Today, the global piece is roughly 30-ish or so percent of revenue. What's your target as you look out 5 to 10 years and how does the profitability of this acquired business and these pieces that what you're seeing in Asia compared to maybe what you're seeing compared to Europe or South America or the segments as a whole? How do you view this kind of playing out with respect to profitability?
Henry J. Theisen: First off, the Foshan acquisition, though it is small in comparison to a lot of the other divisions within the Bemis company, was really done for a long-range plan. It gave us a specialty film extrusion business that can feed our strategies. And our key strategies for growth are around food safety and sterility in the medical device and pharma products. And this gives us a base to make the types of sealants and the types of films using multilayer extrusion and various polymers for that growth. Our growth will depend upon a lot on how fast the middle class develops so that you see more packaged foods rather than foods sold in open air, frozen environment. So we're going to continue to see growth both in Latin America, as a developing area, as it picks up its economy and in Asia Pacific, especially China, as the middle class develops and the need for our type of products that provide food safety and sterility grow.
Scott B. Ullem: I'll just add, we don't have a specific target for sales mix 5 years from now, but what we can tell you is as you can tell from our acquisition investments, we are clearly focused on growing outside of the U.S. And we're focused on profitable growth outside of the U.S. So you should expect to see that not only will the top line be growing nicely in Global Packaging but the return on sales will continue to improve over time as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research: This is Danny Moran in for Al. Just going back to the U.S. organic volumes, can you give us some color on what you're seeing as far in October? And can you talk about how the volume progressed during the third quarter?
Melanie E. R. Miller: During -- throughout most of the third quarter, as Henry suggested, we saw sort of just softening volumes in beverage and -- as well as -- or not sequentially but year-over-year lower volumes in, say, meat and cheese, dairy and liquids area because last year was such a tough comp. September volumes were not any different than the others. It was sort of, I guess, slow. We didn't see the increase we would have expected. And I think October is just further carry on from September. So good volumes but not as good as we saw such strong volumes last year in the fall.
Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research: Okay. And just a follow up. Have you seen promotional activity pick up as a consequence of what has been softer volumes?
Henry J. Theisen: Not really. That would be interesting to see if that occurs in the fourth quarter, but I don't think we saw a lot of promotional volumes pick up in the third quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wonder, either Henry or Scott, or maybe both of you, if I look at the Global Packaging business, your margins are quite a bit lower than what they are in the U.S. and I wondered if you could help us and just thinking about sort of the 3 or 4 kind of main levers that you're working on right now to improve margins in the Global Packaging business?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the acquisition of Foshan is one of the first ones, and that's to get a film base so that we can transport more of our technology, and they're higher-end. But the -- was China or Brazil, the smaller middle-class, you still have a lot of products that are really packaged in dust covers. I look at getting in and therefore, the overall margin is less in that area. As there's more middle-class, as people want more things for food safety, for instance, in China where they've had the various scares. Now they performed their first version of the FDA to try to regulate some things. People want those materials, the food safety and the sterility. And as those increase, our margins will increase because then you have more value-added products to sell.
Scott B. Ullem: Mark, I'll add 2 things. First, in Europe, we've been fighting a difficult macroeconomic environment for our Flexible Packaging business for a couple of years and we've been working very hard to right size our cost structure for European Flexible Packaging. So one of the plants that we closed was in that segment of our business and we've now seen a little bit of strengthening in sales and in margins in Europe, which has been a nice improvement. Second, in our Global Packaging, our Global Medical Packaging business, we're continuing to see strength and really exploit the fact that we are a critical part of medical devices and pharmaceuticals that are in our packages and we need to get paid for that technology and protection that we're delivering to the end-user. So you're going to continue to see improvement in our profit margins across the Global Packaging enterprise.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you have any targets, Scott, for what you want -- what type of margin you'd like to see in that Global segment and what you think a reasonable timeframe is?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, I think at this point, we're not going to give specific targets for Global Packaging or component pieces. Again, I think the better time for us to be talking about that is when we give guidance for the full year 2014 next quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: On Global Packaging, I know the first two quarters of this year, you're lagging pretty tough comps due to the price increase. How should we be thinking about organic growth of that business in Q4 and going into '14?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it -- in our global business?
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's right, Global packaging business.
Henry J. Theisen: You're going to look at our South America or Latin American businesses is being relatively flat. There's not a lot of growth in the economy. Unfortunately, there's been a double-digit growth in food pricing, which I think just leads to kind of a flat environment for that part of the world. In China, I think we're going to see mid-to-high single-digit growth in our Food Packaging business, but it is so small compared to our Brazilian. It's not going to have that great of an effect. And of course, food packaging, flexible Europe, it's small again in relationship to our Latin American business. And hopefully, the economy improves a little bit but it's not going to be substantial enough to really change anything.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. And then I guess switching gears to U.S. Packaging. You saw some deceleration in the quarter and, I guess, you had some new products, but didn't seem materialize as much as you would've anticipated. How should we be thinking about '14? And I know you guys like to prune some low-margin business. Could we see another low- to mid-single digit type volume decline or it's kind of flattened out at this point?
Henry J. Theisen: I think you're going to see more, like in the U.S. Packaging business, a very modest increase. I think we'll still be very proactive in how we deal with the lower margin commodity business and that will probably cost us a little bit of volume. I think we're going to see an increase in our CapEx spending going forward. It won't be the same as $130 million because our product development people have some good projects in line with some of our customers and I think that will drive some of the growth for us going on into 2014.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question on -- you've talked in the past about cash from operations in 2014 having a target of $500 million plus. You lowered your cash from operations view for this year but a decent amount of that sounds transitory. But with the softer volumes and things like that, is there any reason to think that it might be a bit of a longer data target to hit that $500 million, or how are you thinking about that now?
Scott B. Ullem: We feel good about the $500 million target. There will be 3 things different in 2014 than in 2013. Number one, we won't have the facility consolidation payments going out the door. Number two, we had a $40 million pension contribution in 2013 that we do not expect to repeat in 2014. And number three, our business is going to be more stabilized after completely [indiscernible] all these -- the moving pieces from facility consolidation. And so things like inventory should come down and improved working capital will help drive cash flow to that $500 million level.
Operator: We'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, first question I had, perhaps you've already answered this. If you have, apologies. Where do you stand, Henry, in taking out the low margin amount of business within your portfolio? I realize it's an evergreen process every year but looking at your portfolio right now, how much more volume do you think you need to remove that doesn't really meet FEMA standards and if you could quantify that at all, that would be great.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if I can really quantify it for you because a lot of that is going to depend upon how our competition behaves and what pricing levels and how competitive they get in that arena. What I can say is a lot of the optimization cost that we had in dealing with these prices or these lower margin areas were related to the fact that we had to move the business. And when you looked at it, it just didn't make any sense to move. So right now, I'm happy with the amount of the business that we have in those areas. It's settled in our facilities. It's part of our program going forward. We're going to compete in those markets. It will kind of depend just upon what our competition wants to do.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I want to follow on. I forget who asked the question but ultimately, next year -- and I realize there are no guarantees in life. We're not going to hold you to this. But as you see the world, U.S. food packaging, U.S. Packaging, you would expect volume to be up modestly in 2014 even when considering any additional product calling in your mix. Is that a fair statement?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that's a fair statement, George.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Henry, I know you've talked about Brazil earlier but can you compare the conditions you're experiencing there now to what you've experienced in the last few quarters? Have they gotten any worse, better?
Henry J. Theisen: No. I think this year has been pretty stable. 2, 3 years ago, I used to see 6%, 8% growth and now you're just not seeing any growth. And I think that's been consistent through all 3 quarters of the year and I would expect that to be the same thing in the fourth quarter.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just on your mix in U.S. Packaging, how would you characterize your opportunity to keep improving that mix? And can you give us any sense as to how meaningful that mix shift could be to your future sales growth, profit growth, et cetera? It's difficult to see with all the moving parts, obviously.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that mix improvement is very important to our growth in the future. We turned a big corner here through this facility consolidation. You see our return on sales, you see our margins have improved, you see our metrics are better. And then a lot of that is related to being able to offer products that solve our customers' problems. We have a very extensive and an excellent R&D staff and we rely on them for a lot of our growth. And I think that client will continue into the future.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's -- this is actually Gabe. I was looking at fourth quarter last year, particularly in U.S. Packaging, and was there anything unusual in terms of profitability? I mean, it was -- I think margins were about 17% there. And as we're thinking about raw materials, and maybe this feeds into Chris' earlier question about what may have impacted the third quarter here, sort of anything you're thinking about that was an aberration last year that may not repeat?
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. If you look at the fourth quarter of last year, we did have some unusual items in there. One of them, and it was in the disclosures for the fourth quarter, but we had something that we call a harmonization effect because we changed so many accounting policies that increased the margins above that 17% level. If you exclude that, margins are still close to 15% and that included just some adjustments, onetime adjustments in the fourth quarter due to adjustments to incentive comp accruals and such because of the way the GAAP results were reported last year. So as -- what we had talked about in January, as you look at total year operating profit for 2012 for U.S. Packaging, it was in that 13% range and that we had thought that, that was a reasonable target for 2013 given that we thought volume was going to be flat year-over-year.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Henry, anything on the raw material front?
Henry J. Theisen: No. Hopefully, raw materials stay stable but nothing different than that.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Yes, other than the small trending increases that we've had, really for the last 12 months or so, raw materials have been fairly flat and so that's been easier to manage.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Henry, Scott, Melanie, as you look at growing internationally, and it seems like you're focusing more on China, what are the lessons you've learned thus far? What are the learnings from your expansion into Brazil in years past? And for that matter, what you've seen around the rest of packaging? What do you think you will do more effectively, perhaps given your existing experience that will make your expansion in China and elsewhere around the world even more profitable than it would've been otherwise? And then I have a follow-on question.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the major thing as you look at expanding into various parts of the world, and the one thing I think I learned from Brazil is the absolute need and the value that a good management team brings to you. If you want to expand, you need to have a top-level leader in that area and good management team run the operations, that do the financials across the board. You can't replace the need for a good management team.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the other question I had, and I'll turn it over, I think you mentioned again in response to one of the other folk's question that you were looking at extending capital spending in 2014. And I think you attributed to you have lots of good growth projects in the organization that are bubbling up. As you think about this, as we think about it and considering the fact that it sounds like your food customers are having a lot of difficulty with their own growth strategies, otherwise you'd be putting up better volume growth, what are the puts and takes in investing in this capital? You may have great projects, but if your customers can't move the ball in volume, how effective do you think those projects might be?
Henry J. Theisen: I think they're very good prospects because they're really going around the change of the rigid where it's glass or cans into a flexible format. You can think about the baby food aisle and all of those pouches, you can think about the fruit slurries, you can think about the alcoholic drinks, you can think about soups and sauces that used to be in cans that are now in flexible -- that conversion is going on and a lot of what we are going to be putting into capacity is to support that kind of a conversion.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from our Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just along those same lines, Henry, I mean, I think we can all see kind of the growth in pouches and things like that and I think historically, you guys have done a great job of continually selling kind of higher value added, more sophisticated packaging. But it just seems like what we're seeing right now is very static, very soft volumes and I just wondered whether it's gotten harder to -- for you to really capitalize on more sophisticated packaging, on your technical know-how?
Henry J. Theisen: No, I think it's very similar to what it has been in the past. I mean, some of the things I had pointed out, we're in the leader in those areas. We're the leader in our medical device packaging areas. We're leading the changeover in this baby food category. We're leading the changeover in the alcoholic beverages. I think it's very much similar. I just think it gets kind of masked in some of the multi-pack didn't sell as well, bread, bakeries, towel and tissue. Some of those areas kind of masked the good growth we have. And the fact that you see our gross margins increasing verifies that those value-added products are coming to the Bemis Company.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you very much for joining us today. This ends our call for the third quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee
Analysts: Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis Company hosted Bemis Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I am pleased to turn the conference over to Ms. Melanie Miller. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our second quarter 2013 conference call. Today is July 25, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and CEO, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and CFO, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with comments on the financial statements and outlook for the year, followed by Henry with comments on the performance of the quarter. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our corporate website under Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding the future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with the information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increases in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to plant-closing activities, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Melanie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted diluted earnings of $0.61 per share for the second quarter, in line with our guidance of $0.57 to $0.63. In addition to our press release, this quarter's updated supplemental schedules are available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations tab. The supplemental schedules provide more detail relating to the 2 adjustments we made this quarter to our GAAP earnings per share and segment operating profit. First, net charges of $20.9 million associated with the facility consolidation program relate to the closure of the 9 facilities, the last of which ceased production in the month of May. While the facilities have all been closed, there is a delay in when we can record certain charges. So we expect to report small-related adjustments to our GAAP earnings in Q3. We are still on budget for total charges relating to the program. Second, non-GAAP excludes a $5.9 million gain on the sale of Clysar, a non-core business. The net of these 2 adjustments brings us to our non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.61, a 13% increase over last year's second quarter results. The other supplemental schedule available on our website provides some details of the change in net sales for Bemis in total, and by business segment. This quarter, we have added a line to the supplemental schedule called optimization effect. This reflects the impact of those sales that we walked away from in conjunction with the facility consolidation program during the past 18 months. Essentially, optimization effect represents sales that were at lower margins than we considered acceptable to support the cost of moving the production to another facility. When we take out the optimization impact of the business for which we discontinued production, the performance of the core business is shown as organic, and is our version of same-store sales. Our sales in the second quarter came in about where we expected they would. Organic sales grew 1.2% and the optimization effect of business we shedded reduced sales by 2%. The translation of sales outside the U.S. in weaker non-dollar currencies, reduced sales another 0.5%. Net of these items and of acquisitions and divestitures, our sales in Q2 were down 1.2% compared to 2012's second quarter. To provide more color on the growth in our core business, now I'll go through the detail of our 3 business segments. Both of our packaging segments generated positive organic growth. In the U.S. Packaging business segment, which represents about 60% of our annual net sales, second quarter organic sales increased 1.4% over 2012. The optimization effect of business we walked away from reduced sales by 1.7% compared to last year. In May, we closed the sale of the non-core Clysar business, which further reduced U.S. Packaging sales by 0.7%. So in total, net sales in this segment decreased by 1%, but we still generated positive organic sales growth of 1.4%. Our growth in organic net sales reflects unit volume improvement in some of our strongest product categories. Packaging for meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, beverage pouches, and pet care products. These markets make up about 60% of U.S. Packaging segment sales. The notable offsetting decreases are in 2 product areas: over-wrap for carbonated soft drinks and CSD labels; and separately, the decline we expected in unit sales volumes in confectionery and snack packaging. Together, these markets make up about 10% of total sales for U.S. Packaging. Adjusted operating profit for our U.S. Packaging segment increased from 11.4% during the second quarter of 2012 to 13% this quarter. This increase represents about $11 million in operating profit, reflecting the benefit of the cost savings associated with the facility consolidation program. In our Global Packaging segment, which represents about 30% of total Bemis annual sales, organic sales grew 1.9%, but overall sales were down 2% driven by 3 factors. First, nondollar currencies, primarily the Brazilian real, weakened 2% versus last year's second quarter. Second, we closed 3 operating facilities and discontinued production of affiliated products. So the optimization effect was a 3.5% reduction in sales. And third, we made a small acquisition during the third quarter of 2012, which increased sales this quarter by 1.6%. Regarding price and volume trends in Global Packaging, we implemented a price increase in our Latin American business in 2013, the impact of which was offset by lower unit volumes across most packaging applications. Adjusted operating profit for the Global Packaging segment was $27.1 million or 7.2% of sales, consistent with the levels of last year's second quarter. Margin improvement is a top priority in this business and we are driving growth by growing our medical and pharmaceutical packaging business, increasing volume throughout Latin America, and generating supply chain benefits in Asia with the integration of our newly-acquired film platform in Foshan, China. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, net sales for the second quarter were consistent with last year's second quarter, including a benefit from currency translation of less than 1%. Organic sales therefore, decreased by less than 1%. This segment experienced a net increase in unit sales volume driven by higher unit sales of label products, substantially offset by the resulting lower price and mix. Operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment decreased by $4.9 million compared to the same quarter of 2012, primarily driven by poor performance in our European pressure sensitive business. We don't expect dramatic improvement in operating profit here until the European economy begins to strengthen and demand for our value-added graphic products improves. Looking at consolidated gross profit as a percent of sales, our margins improved by 1.6 percentage points to 19.4% this quarter as compared to 17.8% during the second quarter of 2012. Now that we have achieved our target facility consolidation cost savings levels, we expect gross margin improvement to continue at a slower pace, reflecting the benefits of ongoing improvements in our product sales mix, procurement processes and production efficiency. Total selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 10% of sales in the second quarter. The income tax rate for the second quarter was 34.1%, slightly below our expected rate of 35%. Going forward, we expect the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in line with our previous estimate of about 35%. Cash flow from operating activities for the second quarter totaled $94 million, about the same as the second quarter of 2012, in spite of slightly higher payments in 2013 associated with the facility consolidation program. Higher working capital levels reflect the impact of price increases on accounts receivable, as well as the remaining safety stock in inventory associated with the transition of production between plants during the facility consolidation. We expect working capital levels to decline in the second half, and the business to generate improved operating cash flow going forward. Based on this assumption of improved levels of working capital, we continue to expect cash flow from operations to be in the range of $430 million for 2013. This also incorporates $50 million of payments associated with the plant closures and about $40 million of pension contributions. With those expenditures behind us after 2013, we continue to expect cash flow from operations to be in excess of $500 million in 2014. On July 1, immediately following quarter close, we completed the acquisition of a film extrusion business in Foshan, China, which is also an existing film supplier to Bemis' Dongguan, China plant. This creates a film platform in the region from which we can significantly improve our supply chain costs and enhance our product offerings. In addition, this extrusion plant in China increases capacity, and delays the need for green field investment in extrusion capacity. This is one of the reasons our capital expenditures in the first half of this year were lower than originally planned, and why CapEx has been lower than D&A for quite a while now. Essentially, we have shifted some of our CapEx budget for growth in emerging regions to fund acquisitions instead. In the second quarter of this year, we spent $27 million in CapEx, bringing total spending for the first half of the year to $54.5 million. Spending on CapEx to date also is lower than planned, because we've been focusing on moving existing equipment and the integration of production relating to the facility consolidation program. We now expect our capital expenditures estimate for 2013 to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million, depending upon the timing of related payments. This does not affect our growth plans for 2013 or '14, because the process improvements we have made in some of our manufacturing operations are effectively pushing out the need for certain capital investments. Note also, that as the year-to-date run rate implies, our depreciation and amortization for 2013 will be lower than in the past to reflect the impact of physical asset values we wrote down during the facility consolidation. As a result, depreciation and amortization is likely to be close to $195 million for the full year 2013. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the second quarter was back down to 2.1x. And our returns on capital continue to improve, as we expand operating margins while controlling invested capital. Looking forward to the rest of the year, our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter is $0.57 to $0.63. This estimate reflects the fact that volumes are usually similar from the second quarter to the third quarter, and some of the facility consolidation savings began to be realized in the third quarter of 2012. We have narrowed our guidance for adjusted earnings per share for the total year 2013. It was originally $2.30 to $2.45 and we have reduced the top end of the range, so that it is now $2.30 to $2.40. The lower top end of the range reflects our expectations for currency translation at the current rates, and challenges in the European operations for our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment. Now, I'll turn the call over to Henry for his additional comments on business performance and outlook.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. As Scott said, this quarter came in as expected. We continued to experience sales growth in many of our core product areas. For example, we are experiencing strong sales growth in the liquid packaging market, which is expanding in the United States, as wine and spirit customers launch new products in more convenient and pre-mixed sizes. I know I have shown many of you the pre-mixed frozen daiquiri and hard lemonade pouches that we are producing. Now one of our customers has launched a Bag In Box wine using our multilayer know-how along with our polymer technology to add the toughness and rigidity needed to eliminate the box in Bag In Box. And more broadly, liquid packaging is growing for baby food and fruit slurry applications, in addition to soups and sauces. We are pleased to see the early stages of conversion from glass and cans to flexible pouches, though we expect this transition will be slow due to the in-place investment in can and jar filling equipment in the United States. In emerging markets like Brazil and China, many products are sold in flexible pouches, since the technology has been available for quite a few years. New product launches are often done in flexible standup pouches because the modern consumer is looking for fresh, convenient, alternative food choices. And we are pleased that some food companies are looking to the advantages flexible packaging offers to promote these newer products. Over the past year, we have also increased our market share in cheese packaging, bringing on new customers and winning business that had moved competitors a few years ago. Our medical and pharmaceutical packaging volumes have slowed this year, as our customers respond to new device taxes and a lower number of elective medical procedures. We have a strong market position in medical device packaging, and we expect the normal growth in the market, combined with our own innovation of materials, to further improve our growth opportunities in the future. One example of this innovation in medical packaging films is the launch of our multilayer films that protect difficult-to-package tubing and single-use components, that enable the safe transfer, containment and sampling of liquids. Competition remains strong in the low-barrier packaging application for products like candy bars, cereal liners, tissue and diapers. This is an area in which we have reduced capacity with our facility consolidation program, and we will continue to exercise discipline in our decisions to participate in certain markets. Our Clysar plant sold thin-gauge shrink films through distributors in the display market. A very different business model than the rest of our U.S. Packaging business. With the sale of Clysar, our U.S. Packaging segment enjoys the synergies of a consistent business model and shared technology. From a geographic perspective, we are pursuing opportunities in every region of the world. In the U.S., our customers continue to look for opportunities to follow consumers and as they shift from the grocery store to Walmart, to convenience or specialty stores, and even to dollar stores for their food purchases. For Bemis, these trends mean more on-the-go sizes, smaller individual-portion retail packages for dollar stores, and convenient microwavable easy-open features. The focus on freshness and sustainability as a differentiator to consumers gives Flexible Packaging formats, a competitive advantage, with our ability to reduce material content in packages, eliminate the outer package and seal in fresh flavor for products that are fresh, frozen, refrigerated or shelf-stable. Other packaging formats primarily serve the shelf-stable markets. In Europe, food distribution has different needs, as consumers shop more often to ensure food is fresh, and since storage space is often limited. Here, we are maintaining a streamlined product offering in the niche refrigerated food markets, where our technology can give us a sustainable business plan in a tough economic environment. In Latin America, food costs have risen over 10% in the past year, putting a lot of pressure on the budgets of those consumers in emerging markets and reducing volume in the packaged food markets. In this region, our new multilayer extrusion capacity, combined with our polymer expertise, are expanding the conversion to new forms of Flexible Packaging. An example of this conversion, from rigid to flexible standup pouches for liquid soap and moisturizing creams. Another example would be the conversion of aluminum tubes to high-barrier multilayer tubes for creams, adhesives, silicones and even alcoholic drinks. In Asia Pacific, we now have a full complement of capabilities from which to grow. We produce shrink packs for meat in the Australia, New Zealand markets, supporting our expansion of this product line into Asia. We have been producing medical device packaging from our 2 greenfield sites in Malaysia, built in 1997, and Suzhou, China built in 2007. And on the 1st of July, we acquired a film extrusion business in Foshan, China, that serves the food packaging and electronics markets and is capable of providing other specialty film for medical and pharmaceutical packaging, as well as high-barrier Asian [ph] markets. We are pleased with our current global footprint and the capabilities that we have around the world to support customers in both developed and emerging regions. We have also made great progress on our strategic priorities this year. As you recall, those priorities are to optimize and leverage our scale, pursue focused growth in key market areas, and accelerate innovation. Over the past 2 years, we have optimized our scale by consolidating production into the right facilities, taking out less efficient fixed costs. We have created formal programs to leverage our purchasing scale and we are building a global platform that better shares assets and know-how among business teams in every corner of the world. We have been pursuing growth, focused on high-barrier liquid packaging for products that are converting from other packaging formats, or our new product offerings that provide convenience for consumers. We are also investing in emerging market high-barrier film extrusion capacity to address higher margin Latin American markets, with opportunities to increase our market share. And we are working towards the expansion of our pharmaceutical product offering to global customers, as well as continued global growth of our medical device product line. These growth areas represent markets and geographies in which Bemis has or will develop or acquire unique capabilities that provide us a competitively-advantaged position from which to serve those markets. Our longer term strategic priority is our focus on accelerating innovation. We have a talented and creative team of research and development engineers around the world, and concentrated at our innovation center here in Wisconsin. In March, we hired a new Chief Technology Officer, Bill Jackson, to lead this team in developing breakthrough technologies, prioritizing and focusing research effort, and accelerating successful new products to market. Our effort to accelerate innovation will deliver steady growth to support Bemis in the progressive markets that we serve. Thank you for your time today. Now we will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll hear first from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird and Company.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's actually Mehul Dalia filling in for Ghansham. Can you comment on the competitive pricing environment in North America? Has there been any change in trends there?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't really believe there's been any change in trends. This is a competitive marketplace. The more you can add in technology, the more value add you have in your product, the less competition in price. The more it is -- more of a commodity type product, the more competitive the situation. But I don't see any change in the pricing environment and the competition environment in North America or in any of our businesses.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow on, for PSM in Europe. Are there any plans in place to offset the weaker volumes you're seeing there?
Scott B. Ullem: There are plans in place. We're now in the 7th quarter of decline in Europe, and our graphics materials business is under continuing pressure because advertising weakened more in the second quarter. So while our technical and other products are holding stable, graphics products are really the core of our profit engine in Europe. And so when that business center performs, it has an exaggerated impact on the performance overall. We've taken another round of aggressive cost-cutting actions and we've instituted mandatory furloughs at all levels of our pressure sensitive business in Europe. So we're doing everything we can to prevent things from getting worse, but I don't expect performance to improve meaningfully in the short term.
Operator: And now, we'll take our question from Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: It's actually Alex Hutter on for Phil. I was just wondering if you could comment on trends in Brazil going into July thus far and whether you're seeing better demand there?
Henry J. Theisen: Brazil used to be a 6%, 7% growth vehicle and that really changed in the second part of last year. I think Brazil right now, for the short term, as we look at our business finishing the rest of the year, it's going to stay at the same level as it is today and we'll try to put some new products and try to gain some market share, but I don't see a big change in the economy in Brazil relating to our packaging customers and our packaging sales.
Alexander Hutter - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on U.S. Packaging turning to volume growth. I was curious what your customers are telling you, if they're upbeat, whether you're seeing some step up in volume or any kind of promotions or anything like that.
Henry J. Theisen: I think our customers are more upbeat than they have been in the past. Whether it's -- they're looking for modest growth. It's not a big change. But instead of talking negatively or worrying about it being flat, our customers are talking about very modest growth.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research: It's actually Danny Moran on for Al. Kind of as a follow up to the slowing Brazil macro, does this change the way you think about M&A activity there? Are you kind of leaning more towards Asia-Pac? Or expansions in greenfields in the region?
Scott B. Ullem: We're still pretty bullish about acquisition opportunities in Latin America. And the acquisition opportunities we're looking at are generally smaller in size, tuck-in deals to complement our existing product line. We're already the largest flexible packaging manufacturer in Latin America. And so, we feel like we're in a good position to kick off some deals in the years ahead that will help grow -- that will help us grow in that region. And we generally feel pretty optimistic about both organic growth opportunities and to be able to supplement that with some acquisitions tucked in along the way.
Daniel Moran - Macquarie Research: Okay. That's helpful. And then can you give us some more detail on the NCS acquisition that you made during the quarter? Has this stood more in line with your higher-margin business? And do you think the mentioned cost and logistics benefits come later in 2014, or how should we think about that going forward?
Henry J. Theisen: We're very excited to have the opportunity to acquire NCS. It gives us a film platform in multilayer 7- and 9-layer materials. They're already producing barrier materials for our Dongguan facility for Mayor Packaging. So that will help us. They also produce for other people in the high barrier regions and markets, which we'll be able to grow. They're bringing in a new market in electronics with a clean room that we can grow in the electronics business based on their technologies. And the clean room facilities will help us transfer some of the materials that we make here in the North American region or European region to that facility because they have clean room. That's one of the reasons that we were able to lower some of our CapEx, because we didn't -- we have additional extrusion capacity by virtue of transferring those materials. So we'll start to see some savings, I think, in the logistics area, starting next year, as we qualify these films in the markets in Asia Pacific.
Operator: We'll now move to question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Henry, can you talk about what you would expect your mix benefit to be in the second half and beyond, in light of your recent market share gains in cheese and other areas and in light of some of the pouches and other products that your customers have recently introduced that you talked about earlier on the call?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the first thing I want to say is that, for the Bemis Company, taking on and improving our sales and our product mix has been a major undertaking that we've been going through over the last year. We continue to support that price/mix improvement and trying to increase our margins. As you look at the second half of the year, we will have anniversary-ed a lot of the improvement we gained from the first half of 2012, when we moved some of the facilities in Suzhou [ph] , took some pricing actions with some less profitable materials. So I don't think you're going to see much of a gain from that, but we have a continued emphasis on improving the margins, improving the products. And that's really one of the reasons we made the investment in our R&D center to bring in a chief technology officer.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And Scott, how much higher do you expect CapEx to be next year in light of the reduction in your plans this year? And longer term, how do you expect the combination of CapEx and acquisitions to compare to D&A?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we're still working on developing our budget for 2014. We'll come out with a specific -- with some specific guidance in January, as we always do. I think that we are going to continue to underspend depreciation and amortization for at least the foreseeable future, as we have been doing for the last several years. And the reason we're able to do that really is because we're getting a lot of effective capacity gains out of our world class operations management initiatives that we've been working on and have accelerated in the past year. As it relates to acquisitions, I think that the Asian acquisitions we've done in the last 18 months, first the acquisition of Mayor Packaging and now the acquisition of NCS, offset the CapEx that we would have otherwise made in greenfield in that region. But going forward, I think that acquisitions are going to be really a separate consideration from CapEx, and we're going to continue to use our acquisitions criteria and priorities as we evaluate what deals we're going to do.
Operator: We'll now move to a question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Henry, you mentioned a little bit of swelling in Brazil sort of over the last year, almost. But I'm just wondering, in the quarter, did you see anything get weaker sequentially in Brazil or more of the same? Can you characterize what you saw there?
Henry J. Theisen: No, we didn't see any weakening in Brazil. We see that as a very sustainable offering that we have. Things are just slowly improving for us, but no, there's no negative from the first quarter to the second quarter.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I mean, as you look out longer term, correct me if I'm wrong, but you don't have as much of your high-barrier film offering in Brazil currently. Is there anything that you can do to really increase the mix of high-barrier films there?
Henry J. Theisen: We do have -- the processed food business, or the processed meat and cheese business, is not sold there in the same venue that we would see it here in the U.S. But it grows every year. The part that is in our kind of technology, we have a very strong position. We are the leader in that area. We have a very strong position in the pharmaceutical markets. So it really comes as the economy grows, the middle class grows. They adopt the food safety and they adopt the sterility programs that we talk about around our higher-barrier products, and our medical device and pharmaceutical will grow with it. However, I do want to just comment that we did see growth in there. We brought up a new multilayer film line, it's just starting up in Brazil. And even in Mexico, which is part of Latin America, we will be bringing up a new multilayer line, which will be the first one they have in that marketplace, to support our customers in the Mexican region. And that should start up first half of next year. So we are making investments, as we see that growth with a major player. We have a good market share in those areas and we just need the growth in the economy.
Operator: And we'll now hear from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wondered, just going back to this Chinese acquisition for a minute. It seemed like one of the concerns you guys have had, historically, is kind of protecting intellectual property as you go into some of those markets. Can you talk about that issue at all?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, everyone would recognize it, going into those markets, you have to really be concerned about your intellectual property. And we'll take steps to try to protect that. We have, I believe, a good management team in place. Through the acquisition of Mayor, we moved some of our key management people to that part of the world and we'll be very cognizant of that, we recognize that and it is a concern, like it would be for anybody else moving to that region.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Second question I had, Brazil. Henry, how much of your volume down in Brazil goes into the, like the meat packing business? Because I'm just curious, with all this weakening in the Brazilian AI [ph], whether we could actually start to see some pick up in exports of kind of wholesale meat cuts out of Brazil because they're more competitive in the market.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, our meat business in Brazil is in the 5% to 10% of our sales, so it's still rather small. As Brazil's exports pick up, we're going to gain from that. A lot of the meat business that we do is for the export market. So if exports of beef around the world pick up, our sales volumes will pick up in that area. But overall, our broader [ph] business in the meat are is 5% to 10% of our Brazilian sales.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Usha Guntupalli with Goldman Sachs.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you quantify the margin differential between formats like the faster growing flexible pouches versus legacy packaging business?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Yes. Could you ask the question again? I'm sorry. Between the -- the margin differential between the faster growing flexible packaging and?
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just the legacy packaging business.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Oh okay. And the legacy packaging business. So in our -- it's...
Henry J. Theisen: The margins in this conversion of glass or rigid or corrugated into the flexible arena are equal to our higher-margin business that we have, where barrier is very important and where product safety is very important. And it's in the higher end of our market range.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just one more. On the growth investments in Latin America and China, what's your outlook for long-term growth in each of these markets and also margin profile with U.S. operations?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, for long-term growth, it really differs by end market that we're trying to serve, both in terms of countries and in products. So I can't give you a specific number that summarizes all of Asia-Pac and all of Latin America. And what was the second part of your question?
Henry J. Theisen: And we believe that the margins in those areas will slowly improve, but it will take time for them to get up to where we are here in the U.S. Packaging market, because the refrigeration, the transportation, all the things that are necessary for our products to be used, and for the economies to grow in those so there's more middle-class. So we'll continue to monitor that, we'll continue to invest in the growth, but it's going to take a while for global markets to have the same margin as U.S. Packaging.
Operator: We'll now hear from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, I’d like to start there if I could. So if I'm looking at your Slide 3, the consolidation totals and such, and I'm looking at the cost savings total for Q2 '13, $12.5 million. And as I'm looking kind of high level down in the income statement, and on a year-over-year basis, seeing year-over-year operating income improvement of about $7 million and kind of looking at the differences between the 2, can you help me rectify some of that? I do recognize that, as a whole, your volumes are down. Although some of the optimization impact in organic, there's a net differential negative, although presumably, that should be helping. Can you help talk me through maybe what some of the other differentials are? Is it -- are you're seeing higher labor, wages, et cetera or pension, or other things that nature that might be -- some of the leakage, if you will?
Melanie E. R. Miller: First, I'll turn this over to Scott in a minute but just to clarify, most of the facility consolidation savings is coming into the U.S. Packaging and benefiting U.S. Packaging operating profits. The savings that would benefit Global Packaging would -- is coming in slowly. But it's going to be more towards the end of the year, after we anniversary some of these changes. And then also, if you look at Pressure Sensitive, Pressure Sensitive is between Pressure Sensitive and currency pressure, that's offsetting some of the benefits that we got from the savings in U.S. Packaging.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. The second question I have is, as I think about -- when I look back over the last few years, you've done some good work implementing some of the world-class manufacturing, some of the different -- embracing some of the different Lean Six Sigma, et cetera, programs. Where would you say you are in that impact today as in its ability to offset inflation? Are you -- are the impacts of -- or the benefits from your productivity programs at this point fully able to offset inflation? Or are you halfway there, 2/3 the way there, et cetera? How would you characterize that as a whole?
Scott B. Ullem: We started this program about 5 years ago. But we really didn't kick it into the high gear until really during 2012. And we're now in a position where, across all of our approximately 70 production facilities around the world, we're at some level of implementation of WCOM, world class operations management. And so somebody asked us last quarter, if we were to use a baseball analogy, what inning we were in. I think we're probably in maybe the fourth inning or the fifth inning in terms of really starting to get traction on cost savings to offset inflation at the company. So are we there all the way yet? No. We think there's a lot of opportunities still to come. And again, it really hits 2 places. One is offsetting inflation, but the second one is offsetting the need for CapEx, because we're effectively creating new capacity as we find ways to get more out of the existing production equipment that we have in place.
Operator: We'll take a question from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The first question is just around capital allocation. You're obviously very close to your targets here. And so I'm wondering how you're thinking about buybacks versus potential additional M&A in the back half of the year. It seems like you have flexibility for both, but I'm curious how you're thinking about that and what the pipeline looks like for future M&A.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Our -- we have a very specific priority list for use of capital, and M&A comes above share buyback. But really, it's continuing to pay an increasing dividend. Second is to fund organic growth investments. Third is to fund episodic acquisitions. Fourth is to balance our ratings considerations, so debt paydown with buybacks. So we were in the market in the first quarter buying back stock. In the minimum, we're going to be buying back shares every year to offset the effect of incentive comp dilution. But now, around the range of where is really the minimum debt to EBITDA metric that we manage to, we are not going to build up cash. And so I guess, the short answer to your question is, if we do not find acquisitions that we need to fund in the short term, we're going to be back in the market buying back stock.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. My second question is, I know you're somewhat of a smaller player in the fresh red meat side of the business. But I guess, I'm just curious, Henry, how you think about the returns you're seeing in that business kind of over time, and whether this is a business that you think you could see improved returns in the future relative to some of the commentary that's been out there from some of your peers.
Henry J. Theisen: Our fresh meat business or our shrink bag business is a very good business for us. It generates reasonable margins. It generates good cash flow for us. We haven't had to put a lot of investment into it lately. We are fighting a very strong and big competitor who has great products, but we compete very well with them. I'm very happy with the business. It gives us an avenue, not only to sell shrink bags in the fresh meat areas, but also an avenue to sell some of our other forming films and some of our other products to those customers that we normally wouldn't have reached just by selling to processed meat guys. So I think it's got an excellent long-term strategy in our company. I think it's got some good growth opportunities. And I think there's some new products are going to fit very well into that market place over the next 2 or 3 years.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups here. Scott, did you mention around 3Q that there were going to be some adjustments as we headed into the quarter? Or was that specific to 2Q?
Scott B. Ullem: No, I did. My point was that we've been booking special charges every quarter during the course of this facility consolidation program. And while all the facilities have now been closed, we closed the last one in May, there's a delay in when we actually book some of the special expenses associated with those. And so we're going to have, in the third quarter, some additional special expenses relating to facility consolidation.
Henry J. Theisen: But they will be modest compared to what we've experienced in the past.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But all the cash has been spent in regards to that or not?
Scott B. Ullem: No, there's still cash to be spent as well. When I said charges, I was just talking about accounting charges. There's still more cash to be spent as well. So far, we're tracking below budget for cash expenditures, and we'll have a final read on cash associated with this program as we get to the end of the third quarter.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Following the closures of your facilities, what utilization rates would you say you're running at in North America? And how much room do you think you have to grow in meat and cheese and the other high-barrier businesses that you want to grow in?
Henry J. Theisen: I am very comfortable with the capacity utilization we are -- we're using today and where we stand. If -- we're probably in that mid-80% range of capacity utilization. If you're running your plants well, if you get below 80%, you start having problems covering some of your fixed costs. If you get up over 90%, you sometimes have service problems in supporting your customers. So we're running in that mid-80s and I'm very happy to be in that position.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I guess, I'm just thinking about your portfolio, domestically and offshore. And I wonder, beyond sort of facility rationalization and closures, if there are opportunities in the portfolio to just do some more weed and feed? I mean, if you're in businesses that have become more commoditized, whether you just sell those businesses?
Henry J. Theisen: We look through our businesses and we do our strategic planning every year. We look through all the various businesses. We assess how they fit into our company, how they fit into our technology, what our technology can bring, what are the opportunities for growth in the marketplace, what are our opportunities and how do we stand up against our competition. And we go through that every year and one of those that came out was Clysar. They didn't fit. And again, we're reviewing here as we go on to our planning for 2014 and making some of those decisions.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Henry, would you say that, that scrutiny has been more intense over the last couple of years or kind of steady as it goes in terms of the approach there?
Henry J. Theisen: I think -- we acquired Alcan. We put a lot of effort in there. It left us with some excess capacity and some aging capacity. And I think it really stoked the fires of the scrutiny that we put on our business divisions, on which facilities to do, what we expect from those divisions. So I think we've increased, over the last 3 to 4 years, our scrutiny in our planning strategically on what fits in our company, and more important than what fits in our company, where are we taking this company and how does it fit into it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear from Fred Sirby [ph] with Dunbar Investment Partners.
Unknown Analyst: A quick question on Smithfield Foods. Potentially, do you see some upside potentially in China to grow your business there on the back of this acquisition that probably will be consummated sometime later this year?
Henry J. Theisen: I really don't know the answer to that question. Smithfield is a very important customer to us. We work very well with them. I just don't know enough about what the plans for the owners and the plans for Smithfield are going to be. It could be an opportunity for us. It certainly won't be a negative.
Unknown Analyst: And just a quick follow-up. I mean, in Brazil, when things were hot and it looked a little frothy, multiples were very, very high and throughout Latin America, and you've talked about maybe some more tuck-in acquisitions, maybe during this down cycle. Do you think some expectations are coming a bit where you can do some highly accretive deals?
Henry J. Theisen: Well I think we have the opportunity to do that there. They keep growing in, as I call it, food safety and sterility. We have a good management team. We have a management team that has done acquisitions in the past. We have good -- so I think that we have a management team to do that. I think there could be some opportunities coming up. The markets that we want to serve continue to grow. So yes, I see that as an area where we will look very strongly for acquisitions.
Scott B. Ullem: And I would say, in terms of price on those acquisitions, the last acquisition we made was the purchase of Huhtamaki's rigid business in Brazil. But whether it's in Latin America or Asia Pacific or U.S. or anywhere else, we are going to be very disciplined about how we value deals and what we're willing to pay. We just can't afford to overpay and we're going to continue to exercise a lot of discipline about what deals we're going to do.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you very much and thank you, all, for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC John M. Royall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter 2013 conference call. Today is April 25, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and CEO, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and CFO, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance for the quarter followed by Scott with comments on the financial statements and outlook for the year. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our corporate website under Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation efforts, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors that's included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. I am pleased to report that this quarter we achieved record first quarter adjusted earnings per share, continuing the momentum that we started in 2012. Our improving performance reflects the benefits of our 2012 facility consolidation program, the initiatives we have implemented to optimize and leverage our scale and the overall improvement of sales mix as we commercialize new business in our higher-margin product areas. Our facility consolidation program includes the closure of 9 locations and the consolidation of production into our remaining 74 plants. Eight of the 9 locations have been closed with the last one expected to close during the second quarter. With 8 of the 9 plants closed and most of the cost eliminated, we still expect to deliver total program cost savings of $45 million in 2013, which represents an incremental $37 million of operating profit compared to 2012. The total estimated cost of the facility consolidation program has not increased, and we will continue to highlight those costs separately in our financial statements to provide you with adjusted results that better reflect the trends of the ongoing business. The first quarter of the year is normally one of the slowest per unit volume, and this year was no exception. While customer orders were strong throughout the quarter, shipments did not accelerate as they normally would in late March. We believe that the coolest spring weather in many parts of the U.S. slowed the start of the normal seasonal sales increase. In Latin America, we have seen year-over-year declines in packaging volumes as the market adjust to a slower growing economy. We are uniquely positioned in this region to participate in the growth and modernization of this emerging economy, and we are making capital investments in 2013 to establish high-barrier capacity in both the Brazilian and Mexican markets. In Europe, our packaging sales have leveled off after several years of decline. Our unit sales volumes and market pricing are consistent with last year, and the focus for 2013 is to improve profitability in this region. Our business in Asia continues to develop, creating capacity to serve niche markets in China, as well as offering a standup pouch platform for global customers. We expect our global sales mix to continue to improve in 2013 as we have taken the opportunity created by the facility consolidation program to reduce sales of lower-margin packaging, while commercializing new business in higher-margin applications. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials business segment, our North American operations are performing, while our European operations continue to struggle with local economic conditions. The European products are focused primarily on advertising and display markets, which have weakened compared to last year. For Bemis in total, we continue to expect unit volumes to be flat with unit volume levels in 2012. Looking toward the rest of 2013 and thereafter, our focus is on improving operating profit, and return on invested capital while diligently pricing our products and prudently managing cost. We expect the completion of the facility consolidation program. We expect to generate substantial improvement in operating cash flow. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for his comments on the financial results.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry, good morning, everyone. Today, I'll go through the consolidated and segment financial details of this quarter's results. There's also supplemental financial information on our website near the link to this webcast. This quarter, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.53, 8% ahead of last year's first quarter and in line with our first quarter guidance. This improved performance was primarily driven by cost savings from the facility consolidation program. It is important to note that this quarter's effective tax rate of 31% is an annual anomaly and did not contribute any extra tax benefit to our operating profit, net income or EPS. I will explain why, just as we did last year. In a prior acquisition, Bemis assumed a potential non-U.S. tax liability from a seller. And the seller completely indemnified us in the event that tax liability is ever realized. The seller's indemnification is reflected in a non-tax-deductible receivable, which we reversed in this first quarter because the potential tax liability was not realized. The reversal of the liability provided a $4.5 million reduction in our tax expense. At the same time, we reversed the related $4.5 million non-tax-deductible receivable. So pretax income was $4.5 million lower and tax expense was $4.5 million lower and net income and EPS were unchanged. Turning to our segment results, beginning with the U.S. Packaging. Net sales decreased 2.5% due principally to volume declines in over-wrap for beverage applications, as well as diaper and tissue products. This effect was partially offset by higher unit sales volumes in packaging for meat and cheese, as well as dairy and liquid products. As Henry mentioned, weather played a part in some of the volume weakness that we experienced in certain markets, and we also reduced our exposure to low margin sales volume through the selective transfer of production during our facility consolidation. Other volume levels were consistent with our expectations for the first quarter. Adjusted operating margins for U.S. Packaging increased to 12.8% of sales, compared to 11.7% of sales in the first quarter of last year. This increase is primarily attributable to the cost savings from our facility consolidation program. In the Global Packaging segment, net sales, excluding the impact of currency, was equal to the first quarter of 2012. Comparing the results in this segment, the impact of lower unit volumes in our Latin American operations was completely offset by increases in our selling prices. The other significant part of our global segment is our Medical Packaging business, which achieved higher sales compared to the first quarter of last year. Sales mix in this segment was relatively unchanged. Excluding the impact of currency, adjusted operating margin for Global Packaging was consistent with the first quarter of 2012. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, sales declined during the first quarter due to lower sales of higher-margin graphic and technical products. Graphic products are generally more sensitive to economic conditions, since they are sold into advertising and display markets. In addition, since about half of this business segment is sold into the European market, the ongoing weakness in that region represents a significant business challenge. Turning back to the consolidated income statement, gross margin was 19.3%, slightly ahead of the 19.1% gross margin achieved in the first quarter and the fourth quarter of 2012. As we discussed last quarter, the improvement reflects some cost savings from the facility consolidation, in addition to overall sales mix improvements in our U.S. Packaging segment. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased modestly, driven by lower sales levels. Going forward, we expect SG&A dollar spending to be stable. And therefore, the ratio to net sales to decrease as unit sales volumes improve. Other operating income and expense included $2.9 million of fiscal government incentive income, compared to $5.2 million for the first quarter of 2012. Fiscal government incentives are associated with net sales and manufacturing activities in Brazil and are included in Global Packaging segment operating profit. Turning now to the statement of cash flows. Cash flows from operations were $8.4 million, reflecting the $100 million increase in working capital and about $11 million of facility consolidation related payments. An increase in working capital during the first quarter is normal due to the inventory buildup as we head into our seasonally strong second and third quarters. And we expect this working capital build to decrease during the second quarter. The increase in debt financed working capital was also reflected in our higher ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA. During the first quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend payment for the 30th consecutive year. In addition, we repurchased 1 million shares of Bemis common stock to offset the impact of long-term stock incentive programs. This leaves us with the remaining authorization for share repurchases of 3.5 million shares. We continue to expect 2013 cash flow from operations to be approximately $430 million, after giving effect to facility consolidation related payments of about $50 million and about $40 million of pension contributions. Disciplined allocation of cash flow is critical to our strategy, and we will deploy cash to support our dividend program, invest in capital projects that enhance profits and returns, fund strategic acquisitions and balance share repurchases with deleveraging. Our guidance for adjusted earnings per share for the full year 2013 remains at $2.37 to $2.45. This guidance assumes that currencies, which impact our global operations, remain at the current levels; that raw material costs are stable, and that unit sales volume levels are consistent with 2012. Our guidance for the second quarter of 2013 is $0.57 to $0.63 per share, reflecting our normal, seasonally stronger second quarter volumes. For the remaining 3 quarters, we expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 35.3%. And now we'd like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering if you could quantify the exit of the lower margin business from a topline perspective? And also, Henry, who's picking up the share. I mean you guys are one of the bigger players in the industry, and if it's not as profitable for you, I can't imagine it's profitable for others. So is it private companies that are typically picking this up?
Henry J. Theisen: The biggest volume that we exited were really in the Global Packaging segment. We closed 3 facilities that are not related to food, they're into things like folding cartons. And that is just volume that exited our system because it doesn't -- it just didn't make any sense any longer. That's where the majority of it is. The amount of business that we would -- in the U.S. Packaging segment that didn't stay with us, was minimal. It was just 1 or 2 smaller accounts and it was minimal. Most of that business did transfer, and it did transfer at higher pricing.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then in terms of the working capital increase in the first quarter, I guess it's normal from a seasonal standpoint, but it's still quite a bit higher than was last year even with volumes down. Was any of the build, given the pending closure at last facility also?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes. Our build -- we have the normal amount of build that occurs going into our busy season for the second and third quarter. And then we also -- as we transferred this down, and we're going to be closing our last facility in the second quarter, we had to build volumes at each one of these stages so that we could transfer the material without causing the customer any concern. So it's a combination of both. And we should expect to see the amount that was built in there for facility consolidation to go away in the second quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about the U.S. Packaging business. A little bit about the grocery products that were impacted by the cool weather that you mentioned later in March, I think it's what you mentioned.
Henry J. Theisen: Scott, we generally see, and I've been here since 1976. At the end of March, you generally see a kind of surge in sales and that surge is related to the summer -- the winter season turning to the summer season. You see it in -- we saw it in paper bag for charcoals. We saw it in our meat business, the things you would normally grill like hotdogs and sausages on a grill. We saw it in our bakery business with hamburger buns and hotdog buns. We saw it in our bundling of shrink films for drinks. We saw it generally across the entire board. Everyone of our major product lines that you would associate with the summer season, we didn't see that surge in the last couple of weeks of March.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then you talked a little bit about improving the profitability in your European business. Is that more around what we've been talking about getting rid of this lower-margin business? Or is it more of a cost-focused? Can you just talk a little bit more about how you're going to improve the profitability in the European business?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we closed 1 facility late last year. And that will help our profitability. The other is, we're going to be concentrating now on more niche products, more niche markets, and we're going to be concentrating and putting extra emphasis on our continuous improvement programs that we have in the European continent.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What steps are you taking to address the declines in Brazil such that, that region doesn't remain a drag on results at the extent it was?
Henry J. Theisen: We have 2 things. During the course of last year, we exited the folding carton business in box set folding cartons, which is a big chunk of our Dixie Toga operations. The second thing is, we passed through price increases in the first quarter that were substantial.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So you don't expect Brazil to be a drag in the subsequent 3 quarters?
Henry J. Theisen: I do not. I expect Brazil to be a good part of our company. I expect it to make its profit and plans. And I expect it to do well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: This is kind of a high-level question, but if we look at the incremental improvement that we should expect from the facilities consolidation, $37 million, it looks like it's about $0.23 a share, and it looks like your guide is, for I guess, for a $0.15 to $0.30 improvement when you consider $2.15 being the operating number for last year. So it's almost substantially all of the improvement and given the absence of such a plan for next year, should would we expect some of the business shifts you're talking about going to more niche markets and higher-end markets will sort of drive the growth next year and could it match the growth that we expect to see in EPS this year?
Henry J. Theisen: I -- if you look at what's going on in our business, the areas that we really want to grow are high-barrier and our food safety, sterility, our medical device business. Those businesses continue to show growth. And I expect next year, because of the investments we're putting in this year, we'll continue to have more growth. And as you look down at the chain of the new product lines and the new markets -- the new products that we're offering, those should see growth. So I expect the areas that we want to be in are going to show growth this year and next year.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And as a quick follow-up. Are the markets you're moving more into that are showing that growth, how do you feel the competitive landscape is versus some of the more traditional markets that aren't as specialized? Do you feel there -- you guys have a more unique position? Are they more consolidated areas where there is less -- fewer players? Or is that not the case?
Henry J. Theisen: If you look at the markets that you'd want to call commodity, really where the packaging is a delivery system or it does cover. There are numerous small competitors in that marketplace, and it's very fragmented and it's very competitive. As you move up the chain into food safety and sterility, where a person can get sick if it isn't done properly, there's more technology in the film, there's more complexity in the film, there's fewer players and it is less competitive than the dust cover. And there's a risk for customers to move the business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
John M. Royall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is John Royall sitting in for Phil this morning. So it sounds like you expect volumes to improve for the rest of the year to get yourself back to flat. Is that all going to be in high-barrier? Or is there also going to be some growth in low-barrier?
Henry J. Theisen: I think there will be growth in high-barrier, growth in our medical device, pharma sector, and pretty much flat in the low-barrier area.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And can you give us a -- some sort of the sense for the impact of resins in your 2Q guidance?
Henry J. Theisen: The resin has been pretty stable this year. You had a nickel going in early in the year. I think you have $0.04 going towards the end of the year. Those are -- that type of magnitude going in is not going to affect our business at all. We will pass through, as we normally do in our escalator-deescalator contracts. This is not a significant number and it's going to impact us at all.
Operator: We'll take our next question with -- from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Let me start with -- when we look at kind of business wins-losses, things of that nature, in the quarter, you guided that in the year that things will be essentially flat. And again, appreciating that I don't have the same 10-year perspective as you do, Henry, but at least in the last decade, those that I have been covering the company, there seems to be a constant churn, if you will, of picking up more high-barrier business, shedding more low-barrier business. So my question has kind of 2 parts. One, as we look out over the next couple of years, do we reach a point where we finally shed all of the low-barrier business we intend to, or this always be an ongoing exercise that essentially gets us to flat? Number 1. And #2, as you sit today, what is the rough mix of business as you think about it whether it's in the global piece or in the U.S. piece that you would better high-barrier stuff versus more commodity like, low-barrier stuff?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we want to take the low-barrier part of the business. I think that will be relatively flat. It won't be a growth item, that will be flat for us. There'll be constant churn in that. The reason we exist in that business is, almost of our key customers have businesses that are in that area. They have a mix of business that would fall in the high-barrier. They have a mix of business falls in the low barrier. I think it's important to be able -- to be a full-line supplier to our key customers. I also believe that those volumes of resins and things are important in our negotiations with our suppliers. So we do not want to totally exit that. We want to control our investments and I think it will be rather a flat part of our business for the near future. I think you'll see our growth coming in those high-barrier. And our growth will also come in the medical device and pharma. And finally, we've made investments last couple of years ago for Mayor Packaging in China, and we continue to make investments into our Dixie Toga, our Latin America business in global to move into high-barrier and take advantage as their economies change. So I think you're going to see some good international growth. So our growth are really going to be internationally in all kinds of areas. And here in the U.S. Packaging, more on the high-barrier and the medical device pharma sector.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then the other part of my question was, how do you look at the mix in those businesses today? So we have a sense as to what piece is flattish and what piece should be growing.
Henry J. Theisen: I'm not sure I really understand the question.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, so for example, if in your global businesses, is half of it high barrier and half of it...
Henry J. Theisen: Okay. I understand.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just that I get a sense of what piece might be flat and what piece is growing? So I can think about my own assumptions for net business wins or losses the next few years?
Henry J. Theisen: I think our U.S. business -- U.S. Packaging is roughly 60% in high-barrier area. I think it's different in the global business. And I put our high-barrier sector more into that 40%, 30% or the 40% area. They kind of flip-flop each other.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was just curious -- kind of a three-part question here. What are your current operating rates across your portfolio? And then what are you seeing kind of quarter-to-date in your volumes? And then I think, last quarter, you mentioned that most of your customers seemed fairly optimistic, about 1/2 do? And I'm just wondering if that's still the sense that you're getting.
Henry J. Theisen: I'll take the first part about our capacities. Because I think we did a very -- I think our operating guys did a very good job of planning the restructuring and what pieces they were going to move, and where were they going to move and what equipment they would maintain and move. So I think we've had excellent execution by our operating people. And we operate the best, roughly in the mid-80% -- 85% capacity, give or take a little. If you go above that, and you get near 90%, you have problems servicing your customers. If you get down below 80%, you have problems covering your fix cost. I think we're in an excellent position, with the planning our operating guys did, to be right in that right window around mid-80s.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And net volumes quarter-to-date, like April volume.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Visibilities that you have.
Henry J. Theisen: Our volumes to date here in the month of April put us on plan. I think they're consistent with what you normally expect to see in April.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Todd Wenning with MorningStar.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Your R&D spend this quarter was slightly above historical trend. Is that one-off? Or should we expect that pace to continue going into the rest of the year?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that we're putting an emphasis on R&D. We've -- it's one of our key strategies. Innovation. I think we have the best innovation pipeline and the best R&D group that operate in our space, and we're going to continue to invest in that. I think you're going to see us continue to spend more and more because it's a key part of our growth.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on PSM, how are you finding the competitive landscape in the U.S. market? And what will it take to improve margins going into the rest of the year?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, it's certainly a competitive landscape in the U.S. and even more so in Europe. The U.S. business is actually pretty stable and trending to be more attractive for us. Our real headwinds and challenge in pressure sensitive are in Europe and are really directly tied to the macro economic conditions that we're facing in the key countries where we compete.
Operator: We'll take our next question Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: I guess the first one is on the emerging markets. If you can talk about as you expand there in high-barrier, do you get kind of similar margins on those products as you would in the U.S.?
Henry J. Theisen: I think you get very similar margins. They're not better, but they're similar in those high-barrier areas. I wish we had a lot more of them.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Yes, fair enough. And along those lines, do you think the expansion in emerging markets, plus the cost savings you're getting this year, will that -- do you think that's enough to offset sort of ongoing weakness in Europe and your guidance to hold sort of global packaging earnings flat through the balance of the year? Or the challenges in Europe, kind of near term, will continue to overwhelm these factors?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think, as we put out, we maintain our guidance for the year, $2.30 to $2.45. I think that our business, both in U.S. Packaging and in Global Packaging will more than offset the European struggle.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my first question is regarding your overall. Now over the last number of years, the company had difficulty in Europe both within flexible packaging also within pressure sensitive material. It sounds like that was the biggest reason why your results were a little bit less positive than your larger competitor who reported yesterday. Henry, would there be any ability or notion to perhaps hiving off the European operations at some point, because it's not just this quarter, they've struggled for a number of years even in better economic times. If you agree with that premise, help me understand what the puts and takes are there, and then I have a separate unrelated question.
Henry J. Theisen: In the Flexible Packaging business, we're still a small player. It's not that significant part of our business. Our customers are there. And I think it's important, when our customers are there, for us to maintain a presence. Certainly isn't something that we want to go out and invest greatly in right now, but I think it's important to be there for our customers. And that affects our overall sales on a global basis. And that's why we need to be there.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And what about Pressure Sensitive Materials, just -- that was part of my first question.
Henry J. Theisen: George, your question on Pressure Sensitive, is it Europe specifically?
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, yes, again, Pressure Sensitive in Europe has been not performing at the level, if I recall correctly, as your U.S. operations for a while. Would there be any ability to split that from the portfolio over time without impairing the business on a global basis?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, look, there's no reason to split the two. There's a lot of synergy between Europe and the U.S. for Pressure Sensitive Materials business. And I think that business is actually performing very well given the lousy conditions where they're operating. And our Pressure Sensitive business in Europe is especially weighted towards graphics markets, where marketing and advertising spend has just been down severely, and we're doing I think a pretty good job of hanging on until we reach the same kind of stability that we've now gotten to in our Flexible Packaging business in Europe.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick follow-ups. One for you Scott. Capital allocation the balance of the year. I saw you did some repurchase here during 1Q. What's the intent with your free cash flow the balance of the year? If memory serves, I was thinking you were trying to move down a little lower on a debt-to-EBITDA basis, but I'm not sure what the target. Can you help us a little with allocation the balance of the year?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, sure. The repurchase in the first quarter was really directed at offsetting the dilutive effects of long-term incentive stock compensation, and so that's what we've tackled in the first quarter. Over the rest of the year, you're right. The long-term debt-to-EBITDA target, which is how we think about leverage principally, is around 2x. I think just the reduction of working capital as we get into our seasonally stronger quarters, is going to bring down that leverage metric, and so I think we'll do what we've been doing historically and focus very carefully on, first investing in production and markets where we can get superior returns and profits. Second, funding episodically and strategic acquisitions. Obviously, continuing with the dividend payment is #1. And I would just balance share repurchase and deleveraging. And I think we're going to continue to be active in the share repurchase arena because we'll have excess cash, and it's an important part of giving back capital to shareholders.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the second question -- the follow-up I had was, price cost recognizing timing of some of your mechanisms and things that work through and timing of some of the resin increases we did see. How would you look at -- with respect to revenue, you give us now an organic number in the slide to show us what volumes were, but I do appreciate that some of that has to do with pricing and things as well. Is there a way to help us on split out? What -- within our organic growth decline number would be attributable to price? And what would be more core organic, absolute volume levels?
Melanie E. R. Miller: I can help a little bit with that as you look at the components of change in net sales that we included and also essentially seeing the same commentary that Scott included in his discussion earlier. U.S. packaging organic growth essentially declined 2.5%, most of that was related to volume. There was a little bit net improvement in price mix, but most of that decline is volume related in U.S. packaging. In Global Packaging, there's very little change on an organic basis. If you look at that, it's a decline of less than 1%. That reflects high single-digit decrease in volume offset by almost an equivalent increase in price mix, mostly driven by increases in price. And as Henry talked about, that's been the approach to the Latin American market in particular. In the Pressure Sensitive side, volume was pretty flat in Pressure Sensitive, so most of that -- the decline represents 3.6% decrease in price mix, mostly driven by mix because of the reduction in sales of graphics and technical products. And stability are increased in the sales in global.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Henry, I just wanted to follow up on your previous comment on the emerging market margins. You said they were similar on the high-barrier product to North America. I just -- I think the last call, we talked about the strategy in the emerging market, maybe it was the global markets was to come in at a lower price point and eventually work your way up in the margin structure. Can you just parse the two? What the strategy is? And maybe the high barrier is still at the same margin, but you're not selling as much of it? Can you just...
Henry J. Theisen: I remember that from the last quarter. We talked about -- or maybe it was 2 quarters ago. We've talked about our acquisition of Mayor Packaging. We've been following and wondering when we should enter the China market and do more in Asia-Pacific region. And until we found Mayor, Mayor really is in the retort and I kind of call that the median barrier. It's above the dust cover. It's got some technology, it is -- that was a place where we could enter the market, avoid the dust cover, commodity fighting with everybody, have some technology around printing, laminating surviving the retort chamber and to build on that, as the Chinese market goes up, as they move from the wet market to prepackaged meats, as they go into more refrigerated products and things like that. So we found a spot to enter, that I want to call median barrier, and we have a chance to build on that.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then Scott, could you go walk us back through the last part of the issue with the tax, how it doesn't impact EPS? I didn't quite understand the last part of the math there.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Let me just take you through it. In a prior acquisition, we picked up a non-U.S. tax liability from a seller for activities prior to the acquisition. The seller indemnified Bemis completely in the event that there's ever any tax payment required. And so, we booked a receivable in the -- from the seller that we would recognize in the event that we ever have to pay the tax. So because -- in this annual review on the first quarter, we determined that there was no tax liability realized, we also had to reverse that receivable. The effect was $4.5 million reduction in pretax income because we reversed the receivable and a corresponding $4.5 million reduction in our tax expense. So the net of that, and because the receivable was non-tax deductible when we reversed it, the net of that was 0 impact to net income and EPS. Obviously, all of this was below the operating profit line, so no impact to operating profit either. And we wanted to walk through it early in this call because I think there was some confusion in some of the early notes we saw this morning. And the fact is, just like last first quarter and just like next year's first quarter, when we have to talk about this again, it will not impact net income or EPS.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You talked about expecting a generally stable raw material cost environment this year. Obviously, recently, oil and nat gas have moved in different directions. So I'm just wondering what gives you confidence that there won't be much movement in resin over the balance of the year?
Henry J. Theisen: This comes from conversations we have with our suppliers. It comes from conversations there. Things that we follow and the literature. We don't see a big push in raw material feedstocks. Earlier in the year, there were numerous outages or scheduled maintenance in some of the cracker facilities. Those have come up successfully so that capacity is back online. And there just doesn't seem to be a big growth momentum anywhere in the globe for the basic polymers. And that's just our thoughts, whatever our thoughts are.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And have commodity and specialty move in similar directions recently, Henry?
Henry J. Theisen: No. I would say the commodities -- we've got a slight increase in PE first part of the year and now it's been stable since then. And our higher or more sensitive materials have been flat through the year.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Follow-on, you may have talked about this earlier. I've been bouncing between conference calls today. One, are you at the full run rate right now in terms of the cost saves related to your realignment on a run rate basis again? And then my other question would be, to the extent that you haven't already covered it, what are your customers saying about the health of the consumer and the likelihood that they are coming back and opening up their wallets at the retail level? We've seen some improvement now for a couple of months since some of the Nielsen data in packaged foods. Hopefully, that bodes well for you. But are your customers seeing an improvement as well? Or are they a little bit more cautious on the outlook?
Henry J. Theisen: First, as far as the run rate on the restructuring. We should be at the full run rate at the end of the second quarter. As I said earlier, we still have 1 facility to close here. So at the end of the second quarter, we should be at the run rate. As far as our customers and what they're telling us, we expect to see an uptick in the second half the year in our volumes. What our customers are telling us is kind of a mixed bag. Some are saying that there's going to be an uptick. Some are a little more cautious. There's really no firm pattern in discussions we have with our customers. It's really kind of a mixed bag.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Guys, hopped on the call a little late. I apologize if you touched upon this already. You guys have done your part to be more proactive on pricing and resetting some of this below-market contracts and one of your larger competitors have been pretty vocal about that on that front as well. Have you seen any real behavior in the marketplace? And is there opportunity for you to get real some pricing in excess of your passthrough right now going forward?
Henry J. Theisen: I know what you're talking about, and we compete really in the small areas, generally less than 5% of our business. And we just -- it was really in the fresh meat area. We really don't see any evidence of that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. What about your business? I know you guys have been trying to get some -- get pricing more in line for Legacy Alcan. But is there an opportunity for you to get some more real pricing on top of that for the rest of your business going forward?
Henry J. Theisen: I think there is. We understand the value of our pricing. We have numerous programs. And as I said, we're going to diligently price our products. We're going to look through our portfolio. We're going to find out where we're being compensated and where we're adding value. And we're going to be very, very diligent in our pricing going forward.
Operator: And it appears there are no further phone questions at this time.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll hopefully see you sometime during the quarter at the conferences.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stewart Scharf - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Bemis Fourth Quarter and Year End 2012 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Conference Call. Today is January 31, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with comments on the financial results, followed by Henry with comments on business performance and investments. After our comments we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial information as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the release and supplemental schedules on our corporate website under Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program and plant closings, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Melanie. Good morning. We had a strong finish to the year. But before I cover the 2012 financial results and 2013 guidance, I'd like to explain some changes we have made to increase disclosure of financial information. First, on January 10, we announced the separation of our Flexible Packaging business segment into 2 different reportable segments: U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging. Bemis now reports the results of 3 segments, including our Pressure Sensitive Materials business. Our comments today will provide color about the results and trends in each of these 3 segments. To give you a summary view of the segments, in 2012, U.S. Packaging represented 59% of total company sales and 76% of total adjusted operating profit. Global Packaging generated 30% of total sales and 17% of operating profit. Pressure Sensitive Materials contributed 11% of total sales and 7% of profit from operations. Our U.S. Packaging business contributes higher operating profit margins than our other 2 segments, each of which has a different strategy to generate value for Bemis. In short, our Global Packaging segment is positioned to capture attractive top line growth in emerging markets, and we expect to improve the profit margins over time as we introduce high barrier packaging that commands higher margins. Our Pressure Sensitive Materials business is more exposed to overall macroeconomic conditions and half of the business is in Europe, so it has been fighting strong headwinds in this lackluster economic environment. But over time, Pressure Sensitive can contribute strong cash flow and adhesive technology to Bemis. The second action we have taken to enhance disclosure is to post on our website some supplemental schedules with information that provides more details on our financial results. We will add some additional metrics on our website going forward. We would appreciate your feedback on other information investors would find valuable. Now, with regard to total year 2012, there's a lot to cover this quarter due to our new segment reporting structure and the adjustments we have booked in connection with our facility consolidation program. My report this morning is broken down into 4 sections: first, a quick overview; second, I'll discuss fourth quarter results for Bemis and for each of our 3 reportable segments; next, I'll cover the full year 2012 results; and finally, I'll present guidance for 2013. We had a strong quarter, which contributed to solid results for the full year. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.15, an 8% improvement from 2011 and at the top of our guidance range of $2.10 to $2.15 per share. Improved gross margins delivered much of this improvement, increasing to 18.4% of net sales in 2012 compared to 17.1% in 2011. This improvement reflects some of the cost savings from our facilities consolidation efforts, efficiencies we have created through World Class Operations Management, as well as better sales mix in both the U.S. and Global Packaging segments. As we look towards 2013, we expect the sales mix improvements to be sustainable and our cost savings to grow. The facility consolidation program effort is nearly complete, with the last production transfers to other Bemis plants expected to occur by the end of the first quarter. As shown in the supplemental schedule on our website, total expense charged in 2012 was $69 million, and cash paid was $35 million. In 2013, we expect to record an additional $34 million of expense. While most of this expense will occur during the first quarter, we expect certain costs related to dispositions or closures of facilities to be delayed until at least the second quarter. Cash payments in 2013 are expected to total $50 million, so we are on pace to come in under the original cash cost we budgeted for the facility consolidation program. Annualized cost savings from the facility consolidation program are expected to achieve the full $50 million run rate during the second quarter of 2013. In total, given the activity yet to be completed during the first quarter, we expect about $45 million of cost savings to be realized in 2013. This represents an incremental $37 million of cost savings compared to the $8 million of total savings realized in 2012. Turning to Part 2 of this report, I am pleased to report fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.52 compared to $0.45 for the same period of 2011. This represents a 16% improvement from 2011 and the top of our guidance range for the quarter. Our guidance for the fourth quarter assumed that facility consolidation cost savings would be offset by lower performance and expenses due to the disruption caused by our production consolidation efforts. In fact, those inefficiencies were less than unexpected, and we estimate that about $3 million of net cost savings were realized during the fourth quarter. This followed net savings in the third quarter of about $5 million, which is how we get to the $8 million total for the year. Bemis' net sales in the fourth quarter decreased by 1.4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions. This decrease reflects generally lower volumes, partially offset by higher pricing. Lower volumes reflect the impact of a weaker demand environment and the actions we took to address some low margin business. Before moving to fourth quarter results for our 3 segments, I will highlight 2 nonrecurring income statement items unique to 2012: our effective tax rates and the harmonization of internal accounting practices. Our full year effective income tax rate was 37.6%, which was higher than originally forecast. The higher rate was caused by adjustments of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets in certain foreign countries. These adjustments were necessary based on our current analysis of the future benefits related to these tax-deferred assets. Without these adjustments, our effective income tax rate for the year would have been approximately 36%, which is normal for Bemis. These adjustments were made in the fourth quarter, so the effective tax rate in Q4 was even more unusually high at 42.7% versus our normal 36%. In 2013, we expect our effective tax rate to return to its normal level of about 36%. The second nonrecurring item I'm going to highlight refers to the harmonization of internal accounting practices in connection with the implementation of a new ERP system. Synchronizing these practices will provide consistency across our locations globally. This resulted in nonrecurring adjustments primarily impacting cost of goods sold in the fourth quarter. These adjustments substantially offset one another in total, but were significant to the fourth quarter operating results of our 2 new packaging segments. These adjustments increased fourth quarter operating profit for U.S. Packaging by $13.8 million, and decreased Global Packaging operating profit by $16.4 million. In 2013, operating margins will return to normal levels. These adjustments are also detailed in the footnote on Page 9 of today's earnings release. For our fourth quarter results by segment, excluding the increase in sales generated from acquisitions, U.S. Packaging sales declined 3.5% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Keep in mind that Food Packaging represents about 85% of U.S. Packaging net sales. During the fourth quarter of 2012, this segment benefited from increased unit sales volume of high barrier packaging, which was more than offset by lower unit volumes of certain other products, some of which are related to a reduction of capacity for low barrier packaging as part of the facility consolidation program. Operating profit was up $34 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter as a result of the nonrecurring accounting benefit of $13.8 million, as well as cost savings related to the facility consolidation and a better price cost match in 2012. In fourth quarter for Global Packaging, excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, sales increased 2.8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. The Global Packaging business segment includes our packaging businesses outside of the U.S., as well as our global medical and pharmaceutical packaging business, which has operations in the U.S., Europe, South America and Asia. Food packaging represents about 60% of sales for this segment, and medical and pharmaceutical packaging represents about 20%. In total, unit volumes were lower in this segment and higher prices were the primary driver of increased organic sales in 2012. Adjusted operating profit for the Global Packaging business segment included a nonrecurring charge of $16.4 million related to harmonization of accounting practices. Taking this into account, adjusted operating profit improved modestly compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, supported by price mix improvements. Cost savings from the facility consolidation program were not significant, since the Global Packaging segment facilities that were impacted were just closed during the fourth quarter. In our third segment, Pressure Sensitive Materials, volume improvement in both label and technical product areas was partially offset by lower unit volumes and graphic product lines. Price and sales mix declined compared to last year, which more than offset the impact of higher unit volumes. Adjusted operating profit improved, reflecting our focus on prudent cost management in light of the challenging European economic environment. The European market represents about 50% of our Pressure Sensitive Materials sales, so improvement in that region would have a positive impact on our segment. Now I'll cover the full year results followed by the outlook for 2013. In total, the 3.4% decrease in net sales from 2011 to 2012 includes a 1.3% decrease in organic sales, led by lower unit sales volumes. As I mentioned before, it is important to note that some of the volume decrease was planned due to facility consolidations in 2012. Unit volume was lower in both U.S. and Global Packaging business segments, partially offset by improved sales mix. Pressure Sensitive Materials enjoyed a modest increase in unit volumes in 2012, which was offset by sales mix. Regarding our consolidated gross profit, our margins increased in 2012 to 18.4% from 17.1% in 2011. Sales mix improved in 2011 -- in 2012, and 2011 was negatively impacted by dramatic raw material price increases. In 2012, we faced a more stable raw material environment. Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2012 were $23.3 million higher than in 2011, reflecting higher pension- and benefits-related expenses. During 2012, adjusted operating profit as a percentage of net sales for our U.S. Packaging segment improved to 13.4% from 11% in 2011. Excluding the impact of nonrecurring harmonization adjustment, 2012 adjusted operating profit for the Global Packaging segment would have been lower than 2011 levels, due primarily to the impact of currency translation, specifically with respect to the Brazilian real. Currency translation remains a headwind for the first half of 2013 in Global Packaging since the real has depreciated versus the dollar. But facility consolidation cost savings and sales mix improvement are expected to continue to have a positive impact on our return on sales in Global Packaging going forward. Adjusted operating profit in the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment faced headwinds in 2012 from European currency exposure, but careful cost management and direct response to production needs achieved improved performance in a challenging year. Moving on to the statement of cash flows for 2012. Cash provided by operating activities totaled $131 million for the fourth quarter, bringing total cash flow provided by operating activities to $421 million. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA at the end of the year was 2.1x, right around our long-term target of 2.0x. Finally, regarding guidance for 2013, we expect total consolidated Bemis volumes to be about the same as in 2012. We are expecting to continue to benefit from the commercialization of new business, but it will take the full year to anniversary the recent plant closures. We do expect this activity to promote modest sales mix improvements throughout 2013. We are laser-focused on cash flow and disciplined use of our cash. Even after payments for facility consolidation expenses in 2013, our goal is to increase cash generated from operations to over $430 million, and we have plans to increase cash provided by operations to over $500 million in 2014. For 2013, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $175 million, and we expect interest expense to be just slightly less than in 2012 because interest expense in the first quarter of 2012 included interest on bonds that we have since refinanced with lower rate commercial paper. As a percent of sales, SG&A in 2013 should be in the range of 9.5% to 10%, consistent with 2012. As I mentioned, we expect our effective tax rate to be about 36% for the year. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the first quarter of 2013 is $0.50 to $0.56. Modest seasonality in our U.S. Packaging segment has historically resulted in lower EPS levels in the first and fourth quarters of the year, while the second and third quarters tend to be stronger. For the full year 2013, considering the improvement in packaging sales mix and the incremental cost savings from the facility consolidation program, partially offset by the anticipated impact of currency headwinds and stable volume levels, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be $2.30 to $2.45 per share, an increase of between 7% and 14% compared to 2012. Now after that long lead-in, I'll turn the call over to Henry for his comments on operations and business strategy.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by congratulating our business teams on a job well done in 2012. As we started this year 12 months ago, we faced a number of challenges. We had to seamlessly transfer production and close 9 plant locations in 4 countries, integrate our newly-acquired packaging business in China and aggressively manage cost in an environment of weak customer demand. In the face of all these challenges, our teams successfully transitioned business to new facilities and will cease production at the last 2 plants this quarter. We have upgraded our sales mix in this weak volume environment. At the same time, our business teams are implementing best practices in every Bemis facility around the world using a global Bemis framework called World Class Operations Management. In China, we are expanding our converted capacity to accommodate growth as we leverage our global customer relationships. While we expect overall volume weakness to continue into 2013, our customers are looking to packaging as a vehicle to increase their market share with consumers. I would like to mention a few examples of the new products that we launched during 2012 that really showcase our technology and the value that our products bring to our customers. Our recyclable rigid film solution for liquid packaging removes the environmentally unfriendly PVdC materials from packaging. It is being commercialized for applications such as pudding, yogurt and baby food products. Our Peel Reseal technology provides a cost beneficial solution that uses a combination of our easy peel and pressure-sensitive adhesive technologies to provide easy open and reclosable features. Our odor scavenging films for the poultry market are solving an issue that our lead customers have struggled with for decades. Our microwavable films allow frozen sandwiches to be warmed in the microwave, while maintaining the crispness of the bread. And our polyester medical device packaging eliminates the need for extra packaging for knee replacements by using a polyurethane coating to protect the product from damage during distribution. Our sales mix improvements reflect the increased percentage of sales of these and other high-performance packaging products. As a result of these initiatives and some sales mix improvements, in 2012, we increased our return on sales, our return on invested capital and our cash flow from operations. And we expect these metrics to continue to improve in 2013. Following dramatic raw material cost increases in 2011, raw material costs were relatively tame in 2012. As we enter 2013, we expect cost to increase modestly during the first quarter and remain steady for the remainder of the year. Our guidance for the year incorporates these expectations, as well as some currency headwinds during the first half of the year. With the completion of our facility consolidation program and the closure of 9 packaging plants worldwide, our manufacturing footprint better matches our long-term growth strategy around value-added packaging for food safety and sterility. As Scott mentioned, we have separated our businesses into 3 segments, and I'd like to provide some additional color on each one. Our U.S. Packaging business is tied closely to the food industry in the United States, and we expect it to reflect the same general trends. The improvement and return on sales during 2012 is evidence of our prioritization of returns over unit volume. Our facility consolidation program reduced our capacity for low barrier products, providing us with the opportunity to weed out products that did not meet our return requirements. Our Global Packaging business will reflect both food industry trends in emerging markets, as well as the packaging needs of the global health care industry. Our 2005 investment in Brazil and our 2011 investment in China have positioned us to supply the emerging consumer markets in these regions of the world. Not only will these consumer markets grow on volume as the middle-class expands, but we expect demands from consumers to be more complex, increasing the need for packaging that delivers convenience, food safety and sterility. We will use our patented and proprietary technologies to respond to these emerging consumer demands, upgrading our sales mix and profit margins in the process. The emerging market exposure by Global Packaging business offers further margin improvement as our medical and pharmaceutical packaging product lines reach new consumers. Our Pressure Sensitive Materials business is more closely tied to general economic conditions, and at this point, we expect performance in 2013 to be similar to 2012. Improvement in the economic environment would benefit this segment by driving increased sales in higher margin graphic and technical products. Our long-term strategy prioritizes expansion in the Asia Pacific region, as well as the global growth of high-performance packaging technologies. Our 2013 capital investments will support this strategy, with additional printing and converting lines to expand our operations in Dongguan, China, and 3 9-layer blown film lines to support payment in North America, Mexico and Brazil. These blown film lines will expand capacity for high barrier products, polyester sealants, Peel Reseal technologies and our unique liquid packaging products. We are confident that the performance improvements we attained in 2012 are sustainable, and we have the assets, the technologies and the resources that we need to continue these positive trends well into the future. Now I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You referenced 3.5% organic decline in U.S. Packaging with stronger growth in high barrier. And I was wondering if you could quantify that with high barrier and then maybe the commodity businesses that you've shed in the quarter.
Melanie E. R. Miller: If you look at -- for the fourth quarter, if you look at the refrigerated foods type of products in high barrier, including meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, some of the dry food type items, we had, say, added them all up, maybe an increase of a couple of percent in those areas, maybe roughly 2%. I don't have them all combined. Meat and cheese was up the most. But then, on the other side, we had high single-digit or close to double-digit declines in volume in other areas like confectionery and snack, some of the beverage products that we make, some of the nonfood health and hygiene products as well.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And when you think about the full year, when you think about North American demand for packaged foods and especially meat and cheese, what's your kind of outlook and how should we think about the comps as we go through the year? Does the second half of the year become a little bit easier? Or how are you thinking about sort of packaged food demand in North America and meat and cheese specifically?
Scott B. Ullem: North America, generally, we're expecting relatively flat volumes across all categories. But our customers are optimistic that in the second half of 2013, volumes may start to show some support. I think we feel relatively optimistic about meat and cheese, and that optimism is tempered by the impact of the drought on the herd last year and the expected price increases in some of the protein categories. But generally, the high barrier product applications that we have been selling and new ones that we're introducing are continuing to drive growth and improvement in our sales and mix.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A quick question on -- Henry, you mentioned higher return on sales, higher ROIC in 2012, and then you also mentioned quite a few new products that were launched in 2012. I was just wondering if you could sort of parse for us a little bit, how much of the -- even if it's in big buckets, how much of the improvement year-over-year return on sales was really driven by some of these new product introductions versus the exit of some of the low barrier packaging in North America?
Henry J. Theisen: I believe that our return on sales improvement, our return on invested capital not only comes just from some of these new products being launched, but it also comes from taking market share and growing our market share with our core product lines where technology is important. So I don't know if I can really split it out accurately, but a substantial amount of our growth and return on sales and return on invested capital is just market share improvement in the products and the markets that we want to participate in.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. I guess what I was trying to get at, I just want to make sure you're getting paid for the innovation that you're bringing to the market and getting a higher price for the newer products versus the older products that are being replaced. Is that typically the case?
Henry J. Theisen: Oh, I think that's typically the case. That's kind of the standard curve. When you introduce a new product, you generally get a higher price. And as more people copy it or it goes on with time, it slowly decreases in margin. But that's just the general curve.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just second on the Alcan contracts, I think you were out in the market trying to renegotiate some of those resin pass-through price, resin clauses, especially with resin prices running up here in the first quarter. Can you just give us a general update on that? Where you stand on renegotiating those contracts?
Scott B. Ullem: We renegotiated a lot of contracts during 2012, some of the legacy Alcan contracts, some of the legacy Bemis contracts. In general, we feel like we're on pretty stable footing right now and feel good about the price adjustment formulas that we've reached with our contract customers in the U.S. And so we go into 2013 feeling like we're as well-positioned as we can be to be able to be insulated from the sharp, short-term spikes in volatility that really hurt us back in early 2011.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert...
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. What drove the volume growth in Global Flexible Packaging during the quarter? And how did those volumes trend throughout 2012?
Melanie E. R. Miller: I'm looking at -- in Global Packaging, actually, volume was modestly down for the quarter, but price mix was up nicely. And that's what drove the organic growth. For the total year, the trends were a little better. We had a modest increase in volume and also in price mix.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And how is North American Flexible Packaging trended in 1Q so far? Has there been any change in customer promotional activity in 2013?
Melanie E. R. Miller: In 2013, I think it's early yet. The first quarter's usually a slower quarter for us like the end of the fourth quarter, and customers are usually ramping up their promotional activity in late February and March time frame to hit the spring buying season. So it's kind of early in the first quarter to see any trends.
Operator: And we'll take our ask question from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of questions around cash flow. The CapEx here, $175 million this year, I know that's kind of where you started with your number last year and then it ended up coming down throughout the year. Now this level is basically the highest level since 2007. And I'm curious, is this the new higher level, or are there some kind of onetime projects here? And to the extent that there are some projects here, and you've laid them on, but I don't know if it's ongoing or just this year, but what gives you the confidence that this year is the right year to be stepping up those investments versus the past 2 years?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. For the last couple of years, as you know, we've come in below our original forecast for CapEx, and really, it's been for a couple of reasons. One is that as our World Class Operations Management initiatives have borne fruit, it's effectively created the capacity we need to continue to grow our new product productions. And so we've been very disciplined and throttled back on CapEx whenever we can, especially given the weakness in our end markets over these last couple of years. The 2013 forecast, we feel good about, and there are a couple of specific investments that we're making around our high barrier film platforms in Latin America and growth in China, as well as high barrier film in the U.S. And so there's always a risk that we don't get all that money invested as fast as we'd like. But I think at this point, we feel like that's a better new normal range to expect. Keep in mind, our depreciation and amortization is around $200 million a year, so we're still underspending D&A, which longer-term, we think will be more in line.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then you talked about more return of cash to shareholders in the press release. Obviously, the dividend as a percent of your projected free cash flow is less than 50%. So how do you think about the dividend today, and what additional cash you might return to shareholders as we progress through this year? Should we -- might we start to see a ramp-up in buybacks in the back half of the year as the cash flow starts to come in?
Scott B. Ullem: You should expect that we'll continue to increase the dividend every year as we've done for the last 30, and you should expect that we're going to be making share repurchase again in 2013. We were out of the share repurchase market in 2012 as we were trying to pay down some debt repair leverage ratios. But we are going to be continuing to manage that debt equity balance to make sure that we're doing everything we can to drive total shareholder return.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: If we take a step back, just to help us understand because I know the parts you're moving there and certainly you guys are moving into more faster growing markets. But I was just looking at the volumes, the organic volumes, say, going back to '07, and it looks like that, at least when we look at the non-Pressure Sensitive segment that used to exist, that the volumes really never recaptured where we were even in '06. And I wonder how -- first of all, do you agree with that? It's slightly lower '12 than it was back then, excluding the Alcan Americas business and a few of the other acquisitions. And I was just wondering, is it due to changes in how people -- in diets, or could it be changes more in either your direct competitors or how maybe meats and cheeses and other foods are packaged?
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. I think the -- you're right, 2006 was a strong volume year. 2009 was also a very strong volume year, as was part of 2008. So I don't have the numbers in front of me to see what you're seeing with the change over those years. But one of the things that impacts the way that we measure volume in square inches is the sales mix, and the fact that over the last 6 years, we have focused and invested more and more in high barrier packaging. High-barrier packaging may sell for more dollars. But if you're looking at volume and square inches, these tend to be heavier, larger items that have -- that are sold in fewer square inches than a monolayer polyethylene film that's more of a commodity item. So over the last 6 years, I think perhaps part of what you're seeing is the strategy of focusing more on the higher-margin, high barrier products and lesser so on the growth of those commodity film areas.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then hopefully, you're getting paid for those improved lighter-weight substrates. And then, I guess the second question is, as you do move overseas, I know a couple of years ago, you talked about moving out of some of the lower-end business that you were involved with in Europe, I believe, or more overseas that -- and as you move back into, say, China and expand in the overseas marketplace, are you finding that with the emerging middle class, that you're finding some of the stuff you get paid -- the products you get paid well for here translate into these other regions?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, yes. I think that since we acquired all of Dixie Toga in 2005, every year, we see more and more technology products, and that's why we're putting in the investment in additional 9-layer blown film lines into Brazil. And in our acquisition that we were able to find in Mayor Packaging, there's a lot of technology with our own stand-up pouches and around retort that we're going to be building out in that end of the world. So we're starting to see the tick up, and our investments are going into those areas to support that tick up in the technology products.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think in the past, you've talked about shortening the lag in the pass-through of the resin costs to the customers, specifically I think you mentioned that on the Alcan contracts, there was an opportunity to do that. Can you update us on where you stand with that initiative?
Scott B. Ullem: Alex, as I mentioned before, we feel good about entering 2013 with the right mix of price adjustment formulas in our contract portfolio with our customers in the U.S., where we have customers. Keep in mind, about 2/3 of our customers in the U.S. are on multiyear contracts with the price adjustment formula; 1/3 are just spot price agreements. And outside of the U.S., we don't have any contract exposure. So we did a lot of work in 2012 trying to synchronize our price adjustment formulas with the current industry standards and the raw material volatility that we just can't burden. And so we feel good about where we are at this point.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second question, I may have missed this if you mentioned this. Is there any update on how the FreshCase product is doing, or has that been released into the marketplace?
Henry J. Theisen: There is no major sales going on of our FreshCase products. We are working with a number of customers. We have some small applications that are out there and I don't think we're going to see much effect due to FreshCase in 2013. But hopefully, in 2014, we'll start to see the uptick as people get more accustomed to this packaging design.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just want to get your take on what you're baking in for resin in your guidance. The polyethylene is up about $0.05 in January. Implicit in your guidance, are you baking in the February increase that's been announced? I just want some color on the specialty grade as well.
Henry J. Theisen: What we baked into our guidance is the initial $0.05. That's what's in our guidance.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And does that flow through in Q1 because you guys do have some FIFO inventory accounting adjustment?
Henry J. Theisen: It's depending upon the division that we have. Some of it will flow through late in the first quarter, majority of it will flow through into the second quarter.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just switching gears a little bit. Can you talk a little bit more about your expansion strategy? I mean, you're obviously adding capacity in China and Brazil. How did margins and returns stack up? And do you have contracts in place that support volumes and just the returns on these projects?
Henry J. Theisen: Most of our international sales or our global sales are not in some kind of a contract. They're generally order by order on a spot basis.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Forgive me if I missed this, how much of an earnings drag is embedded in your 2013 guidance from the recent increase in polyethylene prices?
Scott B. Ullem: We haven't really quantified it in terms of EPS. But as Henry just said, we have baked into 2013 the $0.05 increase in PE that we're going to see here in the first part of the year. That will largely show up in Q2. And our guidance for 2013 assumes that beyond that the raw material environment is stable.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. And Scott, along those lines, do you think that further increases in polyethylene are the biggest risk to meeting your guidance, or do you still think that volume is the biggest risk?
Scott B. Ullem: I think they both are. But certainly, we worry about raw material prices. We feel better about our ability to pass those along to customers now than we did, say, 18 months ago. But volume has been the big headwind for us over the last 12 months. Our customers tell us that they're feeling more optimistic about volumes in the second half of 2013. But we've really rightsized the company to be able to deliver these kinds of earnings, the guidance that we've given today, even if we don't get improvements in volumes in the second half.
Henry J. Theisen: I want to make a comment on the raw material increases. It isn't that the raw materials are going to increase because we have pass-through applications. And our presidents and our people are paid on earnings, so they know they have to pass those through. Where we get into problems, this goes back into late 2010 and 2011, where every month you saw a drastic increase. And it wasn't the ability to pass those increases on, it was as soon as you pass those increases on, you had another handful of them. So it's not the ability to pass them through, it's how they occur.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple. First, just a general housekeeping question, if we can. As we think about the new segments now, the U.S. Packaging and the Global. Could you give us a sense within each one of those, what the mix is between -- what you're selling in there? Is it between food? Between, I guess, you gave medical piece for other. What the other components are there? A. And then b, within there, what would you deem to be the mix of high barrier versus lower barrier within those? And potentially where that goes or what you think that would look like through time?
Scott B. Ullem: Let me take a crack at that, Chris. I think for U.S. Packaging, which is our biggest segment, about 85% of that business is packaging for food. The -- there's a whole spectrum of high barrier to lower barrier, and it's not possible just to break it into 2 and say, "This is high and this is low." There's whole spectrum, but there's a lot of technology and a lot of refrigerated food packaging in that 85% of U.S. Packaging sales. And that's where food safety is really a critical consideration of our customers and where we get paid for our technology. In Global Packaging, about 60% of our packaging is for food, 20% is for medical and the other 20% is just other consumer products and applications.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So to be clear with respect to that, I mean, so when you're talking about the mix getting better with high barrier to monolayer, et cetera, type of stuff, are we talking about -- obviously, there's a pretty good margin disparity between the 2 pieces. Is the U.S. piece more like 80/20 as you look across the segment that's high barrier to low barrier? And the Global, maybe the flip or something like that, because obviously, that's where you've talked about one piece gaining share -- or not gaining share, but one piece growing and one piece shrinking. I'm just trying to get a sense as to how big each of those pieces are within those as to what could continue to a trip through time, and which side you're continuing to grow, if that makes sense.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Chris, if you look at U.S. Packaging, and Scott's right, it's very hard to draw a bright line between high barrier and low barrier because there's all this graduation in between them. But if you look at U.S. Packaging, it's fair to say that about half of that 85% focused on food is refrigerated products. Clearly refrigerated products, clearly high barrier, complex, involves a lot of technology. And then there's a graduation up to that 15% that is not food is low barrier, no barrier type of products. In the Global Packaging part of the business, we would consider -- we would pretty much consider the whole medical device packaging business to be -- and pharmaceutical to be a high barrier technology, sterility protection type of package, so we would put that in the high barrier category. And the other 60% that's food products, it's not as -- it's a lower portion that would be high barrier. A smaller exposure to meat and cheese, smaller to a dairy and liquids type of thing. So of that 60%, well less than half would be the barrier refrigerated foods. We do some refrigerated foods, but they might not all be barrier.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I appreciate all the details in the presentation. I guess I had a question, maybe around the same topics that everyone else has been digging around in terms of margin, how you get paid for your performance or your technology and the like. If we look at the high barrier versus low barrier mix, what are the reasons as you think about them to even be in the lower-barrier businesses since it's difficult to get paid, or at least more difficult to get paid for them than, say, your high barrier. I'm guessing some of it is around scale and purchasing, but wanted to get a reaffirmation or update on that front.
Henry J. Theisen: I think, George, you hit on the 2 key things. One is, a lot of our consumer product companies package a broad spectrum, and we really want to be seen with our key customers as being able to support their entire needs. So some of it, we just want to be in the game. The other part is, it helps us when we talk with our suppliers because of the overall volumes that we purchase. So it's scale and purchasing power, and support of our customers because we want to be seen as a total supplier to them.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I know it's a difficult conversation to have. And again, we're not minimizing the progress that you've made in 2012. You should be congratulated for the year. But if your technology is as important as you say it is, and it seems to be on the high barrier side, doesn't that give you more leverage over time to go to your customers who value that and say "Listen folks, we also need to get paid on our lower barrier if you need our higher barrier." How do you answer that questions?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that's somewhat true. As you get into the lowest part of our business, the more competitive and the more competitors we have. I think what's really the thing that we have to do is take our technology and drive new applications and new products that can compete with the people who don't have the technology base that we have, so we bring something that differentiates us in these markets to our customers.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 questions. First, some of the packagers, some of the other packaging companies are reporting what sounds like a sharper than normal drop-off in volumes in the late fourth quarter. Did you see that? Because it sounds like you saw a normal seasonal one, but was there anything on top of that?
Henry J. Theisen: No, we didn't see any drastic change. In fact, we saw some pickups in what we would call our higher barrier. Our meat, cheese, liquid markets, coffee, some of those areas that require the barrier products and the extended shelf life, we saw a slight uptick. As either what Scott or Melanie pointed out, some of the other areas we saw some decreases, but I don't have anything drastic to say.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. The second question I have is just a question about sort of margins in the Global business. It sounds like what you're suggesting is kind of almost like a Trojan horse strategy, where you're going to go into those markets initially with a lower margin product, and then you're going to try to migrate upmarket as those economies expand and the demand for more sophisticated products goes up. Is there anything that gives you confidence that, that strategy will work? Because I think in some of these markets like China, people see, across the whole product range, across the whole economic spectrum, that margins have just tended to be depressed in that market.
Henry J. Theisen: That's a good question. In our acquisition, we moved in and acquired Mayor Packaging. We didn't come in at the lowest level. We didn't come in on a monolayer polyethylene where all it does is provide a dust cover for a shipment. We came in at kind of a mid-level. So we've got a good base. We have technologies in there around retort, we have technologies around in fitments and stand-up pouches. So we come in kind of at the mid-level. And then we can add longer-term our technologies to make the base films that -- and not just be a converter. But we're coming in both with Dixie Toga and in China at a mid-level that protects us from some of the very low end just transportation or dust cover type materials.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Stewart Scharf with S&P Capital.
Stewart Scharf - S&P Equity Research: I'd like to know what percentage of your sales growth is coming from new products. And do you have any target range going forward?
Scott B. Ullem: We really don't report on sales of new products. But what I can tell you is that our product portfolio is changing all the time. And we are working with our customers both proactively and reactively, as our customers keep a pretty continuous velocity of new product introductions. And so it's an important part of our business, but we don't really quantify it.
Stewart Scharf - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And then what's your capital capacity utilization rate right now? About 85%?
Scott B. Ullem: That's a good guess.
Henry J. Theisen: That's a good assumption. It's going to vary depending by which division or which market, but 85% is a reasonable point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we will take a follow-up question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two last follow-ons. Henry and Scott, when you look at your key markets and customers and what's been very slow to declining volume environment the last couple of years, what do you think has happened? What are your customers telling you has happened in terms of ultimate consumer takeaway? Are you feeling perhaps that some of the growth there is that Flexible Packaging used to have or may be being blunted by other packaging substrates? Is it just purely an economic factor? I ask the question because 1 year ago, again, you had good performance overall for 2012. You had been expecting a pickup in volume in the second half of the year, and it didn't materialize, and just the consumer didn't take away. So what are your updated views on that? And then I had a follow-on.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that, overall, our customers, and you've heard a lot of them talk, have been down 3%, 4% in their volumes, and that people are just being more cautious in the economic climate. What I don't agree is the opportunities for Flexible Packaging to grow. If you want to just take a look -- just walk down the baby aisle once, and everything used to be in jars and cans, and now it's in flexible pouches. There's new products being introduced. I got a grandson who goes buys all these things, and you squeeze them and they're berry mixes. You can see the conversion going on in cans and jars to flexible packaging. You see people wanting more extended shelf life. I think what you see is really I could identify with the mix we have. We're growing those areas where we provide extended shelf life, food safety and sterility, and the fall out that we're having is partially I think because our customers, and the economic and a little bit that we've made some tough decisions here over the course of 2012, and how much of that business we want to take on in our factories and how much capital we want to put towards it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So from your vantage point, it's the fact that consumers are being a bit more cautious and then you've made the decided walk-away decision, and that's affected your volume? It's not so much the market as you see it?
Henry J. Theisen: I agree with that, what you just said.
Stewart Scharf - S&P Equity Research: Okay. The other question I had is around Terre Haute. If we go back a long time ago, when you had the old reporting format and polyethylene was a big focus of the company, Terre Haute was a massive facility, probably still is. How has Terre Haute been affected by what's been perhaps a tougher performance, tougher margin environment over the last several years? Is it fully loaded? Is it loaded like you'd like?
Melanie E. R. Miller: George, I'll let Henry or Scott add in after I give you a couple of facts with regard to Terre Haute. The Terre Haute facility is a very large facility, you're right, and it focuses on the lower-barrier areas of the business. But they are very good at managing manufacturing costs. They've implemented World Class Operations Managements, which Henry and Scott talks about extensively, and benefited in 2012 from the transition of production from some of these other plants that we closed, where we had substantial amounts of volume moving in there. So the plant is a valuable asset, and it's running very well.
Henry J. Theisen: The only other thing I'd add to that, George, is we continue to see growth in multipacks and the shrink bundling film. So that growth helps to support and grow the Terre Haute facility.
Operator: And we'll take our next follow-up question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Henry, just one that you probably will have to answer carefully, but just I'd like to get your general thoughts. There's a Pressure Sensitive transaction announced this morning. Will that have any effect on your business that you can think of?
Scott B. Ullem: Mark, it's Scott. That will not have any real effect on our business. The Avery divestiture was a product area that -- where we don't compete. And so that's really not going to affect our business.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. It looked like it was more kind of converted office products, which is not a market that you're in. I didn't know whether the label side of the business had any impact.
Henry J. Theisen: No, no, it should have no impact on us.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just one question, how would you characterize the nature of the competition in your high barrier packaging areas in North America? And have you noticed any recent changes in that regard? What I'm trying to get at is, how you managed to gain share in some of these higher value businesses that you're in?
Henry J. Theisen: I think we have some very good competitors in our high barrier area. They have their products, we have our products, and I think it's just an overall congratulations to our R&D and our development teams, that they're able to solve problems and provide solutions that our customers are looking for faster than our competition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears there are no further questions in the queue.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. That ends our conference call for today. And we will be out visiting lots of investors over the next several months on the road and a number of conferences and meetings, so we look forward to seeing most of you then.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division Ernie Ortiz Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Bemis Company Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our third quarter 2012 conference call. Today is October 25, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program and plant closing, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. Today, we are pleased to announce adjusted earnings per share of $0.60 for the third quarter. This was above our guidance range and reflected higher sales volumes for barrier packaging products compared to our original expectations. As we look at the quarter, there are a number of factors that positively impacted performance. First, we experienced unit volume increase of 3% to 5% for high barrier packaging for meat and cheese, dairy and liquid products and dry foods, including coffee. These products require multi-layer film technology to protect shelf life and provide high-performance sealant strength. The increase in meat and cheese packaging reflects the successful ramp-up of new business compared to last year's third quarter. As I discussed last quarter, we're also winning new dairy and liquid packaging business with our high performance semi-rigid cups and lidding materials, which provide an environmentally friendly solution to customers looking to eliminate PVdC from packaging. Both single-serve and bulk coffee packaging volumes also increased compared to last year's third quarter. The second positive factor was that resin costs were relatively stable during the third quarter, with some benefit early in the quarter from lower commodity resin costs offset by stable and the increase in specialty resin costs. We anticipate resin cost to have a negligible effect on results through the rest of the year. Lastly, we're about halfway complete with our facility consolidation program, which will improve the efficiency of our global manufacturing operations by consolidating the business from 9 different locations into other facilities. We have closed 4 of the 9 locations through the end of the third quarter. During the third quarter, we started to realize some of the cost savings associated with this progress to date. The remaining 5 facilities will be closed during the fourth quarter of 2012 or the first quarter of 2013. We expect almost all of the remaining business relocation activity to occur during the fourth quarter. So as we head into the fourth quarter, we expect to maintain the sales mix and cost-saving improvements we realized during the third quarter. But some of this benefit will be offset by increased inefficiencies associated with the transition of production from the remaining facilities being closed. Our teams have worked diligently to provide customers with a smooth transition as production is moved to other locations, and I am pleased with the progress we have made. As I have said in the past, we continue to take pricing actions to improve our margins and performance metrics in those pieces of business that did not give us an appropriate level of return. This is not a broad action but is surgical and related only to those specific pieces of business that did not meet our margin requirements. To date, these actions are accomplishing our goals. Briefly highlighting our business outside of North America, our Latin American operations are managing through a challenging economic environment that is impacting our customers in that region. We continue to see customers on track to modernize their products, using flexible packaging to reduce waste and improve shelf life, as well as consumer appeal and convenience features. In Europe, our medical device packaging operations are enjoying increasing volume levels capped compared to 2011. But customers remain cautious about predicting future demand. Our other European base, Flexible Packaging operations, continue to face a difficult environment in which customers are hesitant to invest and competitors are desperate for volume. In this environment, we are carefully managing our customer relationships and adjusting our cost structures as needed to account for specific volume declines. Our business in Asia Pacific is expanding with the additional capacity added to our food packaging plant in China and the acquisition of 2 small distributorships in the Australia and New Zealand market. As we further develop our capabilities in this region, we are focusing on value-added products such as barrier packaging for food products, retort packaging and pouch making, as well as medical device packaging. As we have said in the past, it is not our intent to be the largest in Asia-Pacific region. Instead, we want to grow our Asia-Pacific presence with unique products that position us over the long term for a leadership position in packaging solutions that protect food safety and sterility. Our pressure sensitive materials business segment is performing well in this challenging economic environment. The third quarter is a seasonally slower period for this business, and sales and profit continue to match the prior year levels. Going forward, we are executing our plan to deliver consistently improving performance metrics with initiatives that leverage our scale, identify investments in focused growth areas and accelerate innovation to deliver value to our customers and improve profitability to Bemis. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for his comments on the financials.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry. Good morning, everyone. Our record-high adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of $0.60 represented an increase of about 7% over last year's third quarter, an 11% increase sequentially from second quarter, and was above our guidance range of $0.51 to $0.57. I'll start this morning by commenting on volumes. We are especially pleased with our earnings performance because we've done it despite having to overcome tough volumes all year. Recall, we started the year expecting stronger volumes for the second half based upon our customers' forecasts of end-market demand and their pricing and promotional plans. By the end of the second quarter this year, our expectation was reduced to flat second half volumes. And now, at the end of the third quarter, we've seen volumes actually turn negative year-over-year. In spite of the volume headwinds, we drove solid earnings by improving sales mix and delivering cost savings. Starting with flexible packaging and excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, net sales decreased about 1.8%, reflecting a 3.7% decrease in volume, partially offset by increases in price and mix. Specifically, volume increased in several of our high-value-added product areas, such as packaging for meat and cheese, dairy and liquids and dry foods. In our other product areas, volumes were generally down with the exception of pet products and fresh produce, where new business increased volumes modestly compared to last year. We experienced volume declines in a number of product areas, such as packaging for bakery, confectionery and snack, beverage, specialty food and health and hygiene applications. Dividing these trends by geography, in North America, net sales decreased by about 3.5% due entirely to overall volume declines. Sales mix generally reflected the overall trends that I just mentioned. In Latin America, net sales excluding currency increased by about 6%, principally driven by increasing prices reflecting higher raw material costs compared to the third quarter of 2011. Sales mix also improved but was more than offset by lower sales volumes. European Flexible Packaging volumes were higher in our medical device packaging business, while our food packaging business continues to experience lower year-over-year volume levels. Moving on to the pressure sensitive materials business segment, unit volumes were up about 3% in label products, partially offset by a decrease of over 5% each in graphic and technical products. Since label products continues to represent over half of the sales in this business segment, the overall positive unit sales volume driven by growth in label products was more than offset by a negative impact from price and mix during the quarter. Bemis' consolidated gross margins improved from 16.5% in the third quarter of 2011 to 19.2% in the third quarter of this year. Again, this improvement reflects improved sales mix, a better alignment between the cost of raw materials and our selling prices to customers compared to the third quarter of 2011 and some savings associated with the facility consolidation activities completed so far this year. Now I'm going to provide an update on our facility consolidation program. As Henry mentioned, we started realizing net cost savings benefits in the third quarter, which is earlier than we originally planned, driven by 2 factors. Number one, we've talked previously about the fact that the cost savings that hit in 2012 this year would be largely offset by short-term inefficiencies such as lower machine productivity and increased waste when we restart equipment. As it turned out, the expected inefficiencies will be deferred to future quarters. Number two, our teams have done an excellent job of delivering cost savings ahead of schedule for the plants we've already closed. Based upon our assessment of savings specifically associated with actions taken to date, approximately $5 million of cost savings were realized during this quarter. This represents annualized cost savings achieved of approximately $20 million as compared to our total program estimate of $50 million in annualized savings. During the third quarter, we incurred charges of $21.4 million and cash payments totaled $11.2 million. You can see the facility consolidation programs' complete financial timing and expense details on Page 2 of this morning's press release. Continuing through the income statement, selling, general and administrative expenses in 2012 will continue to fluctuate, reflecting the impact of changes related to the facilities consolidation program, the addition of businesses we already acquired and the adjustments of incentive compensation in response to business performance expectations. We expect total year 2012 SG&A to average 9.5% to 10% of net sales. Adjusted operating profit for the flexible packaging business segment increased 170 basis points to 11.5% compared to 9.8% in the third quarter of last year and 10.1% in the second quarter of this year. In the pressure sensitive materials business segment, operating profit margins were very close to the levels of 2011, reflecting our focus on prudent cost management in this challenging volume environment. Our effective tax rate was 36.1% for the third quarter, and we continue to expect the effective tax rate for the total year 2012 to be 36%. Moving on to the statement of cash flows. Cash provided by operating activities totaled $147 million for the third quarter. Working capital provided $42 million of cash flow during the third quarter, while facility consolidation payments used an additional $11 million of cash. Reiterating our expectations for future cash flows, we expect cash provided by operating activities to be in the range of $350 million for this full year, growing to $500 million annually beginning in 2014. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012 is $0.47 to $0.52 per share, which would mean full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.10 to $2.15. In this range, 2012 would be the first or second best year of earnings in Bemis history. There are some specific headwinds and tailwinds that will influence our earnings in the fourth quarter. If we can maintain the sales mix improvement and continue to deliver the cost savings ahead of our original forecasts, we could end up at the top end of our range. Of course, that means there will be fewer incremental savings coming in 2013 since we're starting to recognize them in 2012. Aside from our typical season slowdown in the fourth quarter, the biggest hurdle we are trying to clear is continuing weak volumes in many of our end markets. Mix improvements and cost savings are helping fuel earnings growth in a declining volume environment but we can't cost cut our way to profit growth over the long-term. Our customers, especially the CPG and food companies, are battling declining volumes and so we are too, and expected food-cost inflation won't help drive consumer demand. So our business teams are vigorously chasing down profitable revenue opportunities around the world, and Bemis' industry-leading products are helping us compete against others in our industry who are chasing the same volumes. One last note before we open the call for questions. Our EPS guidance range assumes no further weakening in the Brazilian and European currencies and no raw material spikes. And now, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you have reason to expect your improved sales mix to continue into future quarters? And if so, why?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, I do expect that to continue. Our products in the high barrier and in the areas of sterility -- food safety and sterility are excellent products. The thermal formability, the sealability, the barrier properties are prized by our customers, and we have good quality and consistent films. We also have a good backlog of new products and new developments coming out of our R&D organizations. In addition, part of the price mix improvement that we see are some of the pricing actions that we took as we looked at our various facility consolidations. And products that did not satisfy the margins that we feel we need to move the business, we took the appropriate actions. So it's kind of a combination of the products that we make are taking market share, we have a strong bench of new products to offer for high barrier, food safety and sterility, and the specific pricing actions also help.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Henry, just related to that answer, what degree of pushback did you get from your customers in terms of raising prices on those certain products?
Henry J. Theisen: Oh, we had a lot of pushback. No one likes to accept price increases, and they just had to make a decision at the end of the day whether they wanted to stay to be a Bemis supply customer or whether they wanted to find somebody else. And there was a lot of pushback and it was a -- our marketing and sales team did an excellent job of managing through that. Again, I want to point out that, that is a small part of our business. It was not a major thing. It was taking a look at what materials that we make in the plants that we are closing and is it appropriate to spend the money and the time and the effort to move that business, or is it not appropriate.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And what accounted for the savings from the facility consolidation program being greater than you expected 3 months ago? Forgive me if you already touched on this and I missed it.
Scott B. Ullem: Adam, they're not -- we're on the same program, which is that we expect that $50 million in annualized cost savings as we get into 2013. The only difference is that we got more of those net cost savings, net of some of the inefficiencies associated with them, earlier than we would've expected. So that's why we ended up with about $5 million in the third quarter of benefit. That's a little earlier than we expected.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. Can you update us on your strategy for Europe in flexibles given that some large competitors are rethinking their footprint there and even considering exiting the market? What is your outlook on the region?
Henry J. Theisen: Our flexible packaging in Europe? We are closing a facility. We had announced that, I think, about 3 months ago. So we are shrinking our footprint a little bit. Our strategy in Europe, as it's always been, is to make value-added products. And we have 2 businesses in Europe. One is in the medical device area, and that's a very good business for us and we're very happy, and it's continuing to provide appropriate margins and profits. We have a food packaging business that is suffering as the economy suffers. So let's say, we adjusted one footprint, one plant is going down, we're moving some equipment around and we're concentrating on those value-added products and the technology that we offer and going forward.
Mehul M. Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And as a follow-on, can you update us on the competitive landscape across your businesses and price competitiveness that you're seeing?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that across all of our businesses, as far as price competitiveness, it is the same as it's always been. And our customers are always looking for savings. We're always trying to develop products that put us ahead of our customers -- our competitors, excuse me, and we win some and we lose some. And I don't think it's changed over the last few years.
Operator: And next, we'll go to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, first question I had, obviously you've a very busy season coming up in terms of closure programs for the remaining facilities. And I know you've been planning this, Henry. But how do you prevent against -- why do you feel comfortable that you won't have any disruptions in terms of moving the business around to the remaining facilities? Then I had a follow-on.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that we have planned this with the operating guys. The operating guys are on board. We have a timetable laid out. We have specific action items that we know each of our business units are responsible for. We know, inside those business units, which individuals are responsible to accomplish the specific tasks that need to accomplish this. So we have a very good plan. We have the people identified. The people know exactly what their responsibility to deliver is, and we're going to do this very successfully and our customers will -- this will be seamless to our customers.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My second question's a two-part, but I'll keep it quick, I promise. On the one hand, we've begun to see some pickup in the takeaway or point-of-sale data for various food categories. Have you begun to see that as well? And one of the things that we heard about in the third quarter from some of your peer companies is that some of the larger food companies had some larger than normal operating programs, which prevented them from ordering as much as they normally would. Did you see that at all, in terms of some of your customers were going through some structural changes?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I can answer the last part of that first. I don't believe we've seen that. No. I couldn't identify that. So -- and the other part is we have seen some uptick in some volumes in our high-barrier area that we pointed out, meat and cheese, liquid and dairy. And then we've seen some of our other products which are more on the competitive side, the side that we've taken more pricing actions with and been more firmer, in the bakery and some of those type areas, candy, cookies, snacks, we've seen some of those tail off a little bit for us.
Operator: Okay, next we'll go to Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions for you and then I'll jump back in the queue. First, Scott, could you -- I know it's maybe a difficult question to answer, but if we were to put everything in a vacuum, just help us with -- you said $20 million on an annualized basis this year. What would be the differential between 2012 and 2013 if I were to just take from restructuring savings in a flat volume environment, all the other stuff steady, that you would have 2013 versus 2012 and savings that we would realize, let's say, EBIT dollars up x kind of scenario?
Scott B. Ullem: I'm not sure I understand the question, but let me try to answer it and you tell me if I got it right or not. So far, through the third quarter, we are on track to -- we have recognized cost savings amounting to $20 million on a annualized run rate basis. By the end of, call it the second quarter of 2013, we will be on a $50 million annualized cost savings run rate. And so the slope between here and Q2 of 2013, I can't be any more precise than that, but that's the path that we're on.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So it sounds like if -- wherever you're in, in the year 2012, kind of looking at these run rates as though there's opportunity for EBIT to be up $30 million due to cost takeouts and things, absent everything else. Am I capturing that kind of the right way?
Scott B. Ullem: I think we expect all $50 million on an annualized basis to fall to the bottom line. Those are cost savings. By the end of the year -- I can't give you more precision around, by the end of 2012, what run rate we'll be on. And in the third quarter, we would've expected, actually, to have more onetime inefficiencies like what I talked about, lower productivity from equipment, higher waste on equipment that's being relocated. And so we actually didn't expect that we were going to get this $5 million in net cost savings in Q3. And I think, in Q4, there may be more offsets to some of those cost savings.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. So to my second question is, over the last several months, we've seen a pretty good tick up in slaughter rates, as many of the farmers just are having trouble meeting -- not getting the prices they want for whatever protein they've got with respect to input feedstock and other stuff, feed coming higher. And as part of that, we've seen actually some dairy cows and things that look like they've been slaughtered for lower grades of meat and such. As you -- I'm realizing that dairy's a good portion of your business. Does that give you any pause or concern as you think about what things could look like next year, that a, that creates a lot of inflation and b, that maybe there's not as much there for certain dairy packaging, things of that nature. So how do you think about it or have you seen any of that kind of activity, number one? Number two, do you -- is it a risk that you may have for 2013?
Henry J. Theisen: I think the fact that you're seeing some of these slaughter rates go up and you do know that it takes, from the time that they start building the herds, it takes about 3 years to build that herd back up. We factor that into our plans. It does cause us to think about it, to put it into our CapEx plans, put it into our business plans, but -- and we do know that rising food costs will affect the volumes. However, when we look at our business, we look at how much business we can take from our competitors based on the quality of our -- and consistency of our products. We also look at adding new features, new barriers, new structures and new products to serve the protein business. And so we think we can overcome that. As I said, we have a very strong development line coming through, various new products. And I think that's going to overcome any challenges we may have on volumes, just related to the size of the herds.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll next go to Todd Wenning with Morningstar.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Could you give us an update on your progress in converting some of the legacy Alcan contracts into some shorter polyethylene past-due schedules?
Henry J. Theisen: I think, by the end of 2013, we will have substantially completed that effort. Excuse me, by the end of 2012, we will have substantially covered that, and our customers' terms will be in line with the Bemis strategy.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. And what are you seeing in terms of conversion trends to plastic packaging from alternative packaging types, particularly in the U.S. food market? Are there any specific food types converting better than others?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think there's any specific change that's occurring right now. I think it's just a general trend that continues.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Were there any specific food types that are doing better than others?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't see so. I know there's a lot of talk about changing from cans to pouches and things, but we haven't seen that really kick into our volumes yet.
Operator: Okay, and next we'll go to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: I'm sorry I missed this, did you give the breakdown in the flexible packaging segment between how much the prices were up on average and how much the volumes were down on a unit basis?
Melanie E. R. Miller: In -- one, in total count, if you just look at flexible packaging, volume was down a little over -- it's about 3.7%, and then that was offset by improvements in both price and mix. It gets down to a total change in price volume, excluding acquisitions and currency, of a decrease of 1.8%.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. So in other words, 1.8% is of revenue decline excluding federal -- FX, basically, just including the impact of volume, price and mix?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Exactly. And volume was down over 3.5%.
Operator: And next we'll go to Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Could you give some insights into what you're trying to accomplish tactically right now in Brazil, what you see kind of the opportunities and concerns are as you look out over the next 6 months?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the Brazilian economy has slowed a little bit. It's gone from kind of growing from 6% to 8% to having very low growth. Our strategies are the same as they have been before this change. We continue to want to invest in materials and in products that attack food safety and that attack sterility, and we're going to continue that program of transferring technology and putting higher technology products for food safety and sterility into that marketplace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll next go to Albert Kabili with Crédit Suisse.
Ernie Ortiz: This is actually Ernie filling in for Al. Can you just talk a little bit about your new product pipeline and how we should think about it?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that we have excellent product pipeline. We're trying to always improve things like barriers. We're always trying to improve things around sealability. We're always trying to improve things to get better formability, extended shelf lifes. And no matter what market it is, those are the things we work on, and adding convenience features, easy open. We try to attack things to improve sustainability. We have a new rigid program that eliminates PVdC in a lot of these cups you use for dairies and liquids. We have programs that are expanding into retort packaging, aseptic packaging. In many parts of the world, they don't have refrigeration like we have, so we're attacking those markets. And the core understanding of our polymer science is what allows us to make products that satisfy our customers' needs.
Ernie Ortiz: That's helpful. And I guess just a last one. How would you describe your more cyclical end markets, like technical products on the PSM side? And then kind of what's your outlook for the quarter?
Scott B. Ullem: Could you ask that question one more time, please?
Ernie Ortiz: Sure. What are you seeing in your more cyclical end markets, like more like technical products in the PSM side, and your outlook on that end for the quarter?
Scott B. Ullem: And so as we've mentioned, we've seen pretty strong volumes in the roll label side in our pressure sensitive materials segment. We've seen volume weakness in our graphics and technical products. This is a seasonal slow period for us in pressure sensitive, and we're pleased with the performance that we've seen just in terms of tracking year-over-year performance consistent with where we were in 2011. We're not going to give a specific forecast, though, for the fourth quarter in pressure sensitive materials.
Operator: And next, we'll do Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: If I heard you guys correctly, it sounds like most of the legacy Alcan contracts will be repriced. So one, should we assume less share leakage going forward and two, with the contracts reset and your restructuring taking hold, should we expect operating margins to get back to that 12% to 13% range for flexible, maybe, in the back half of 2012 -- I mean 2013 or early 2014?
Henry J. Theisen: As far as our margins improving in our flexible packaging business, the best thing that could happen for us is to get just a couple of percent growth overall in our packaging business. So if we can get a little bit of growth, we can keep moving that margin up.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then for me, balance sheet standpoint, maybe a question for Scott, it sounds like you guys should be back to your target by the end of the year. Historically, you guys didn't -- buying back stock more to offset dilution. Is that the loss which [ph] shift a little bit? It looks like 2013 should be another strong free cash flow year.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, we expect 2013 to be another strong free cash flow year, marching from $350 million this year up to $500 million in 2014. Our priorities for cash are unchanged: number one, we're going to continue to pay an increasing dividend; number two, we're going to fund sufficient return internal growth investment; number three, we will fund -- we will help fund episodic acquisitions, which will likely be on the smaller side and likely be outside of the U.S. moreso than in the U.S.; and then finally, using the balance sheet to manage the debt-to-equity ratio. And so, you won't see us -- we don't want to get too far below 2.0x. And if we do, then we're going to be in the market buying back shares.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll next take another question from Chris Manuel at Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about specialty resins. It looks like we're starting to see some uptick there as we move in to 4Q and into next year. Can you give us a sense as to what you're seeing and what you -- how you anticipate that playing out?
Henry J. Theisen: I think the best answer to that question is, we're basing in our plans for the fourth quarter a flat resin market, open specialty and on the commodity area.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But are you seeing any inflation, I guess, is what I'm asking for specialty? You mentioned earlier that you're seeing some uptick, I think, in some prepared remarks. But is that something that is coming now, coming later, or -- that's what I'm asking.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't -- this is my guess. It's not anything that -- we're not factoring in inflated markets for the specialty resins.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The other question I had is actually a follow-up on part of your last answer with respect to some of the acquisitions. You did 2 distributors in Australia and, as I look back over the last 1, 1.5 years, you've been pretty active in terms of a number of things. I think there was a JV earlier this year, there were Chinese acquisition and another one here in North America that got you into some industrial markets. Can you maybe give us a little color just on the most recent 2, the Australian ones? They're a distributor. What's the -- how big a markets for flexible packaging are those there? And what you think the opportunity is? Were you selling to those distributors presently? So is there -- maybe some additional color would be helpful.
Henry J. Theisen: Okay. I can take that one. These 2 distributors, when we bought the shrink bag business, were distributors for this case at the time, which is -- who've company we acquired the shrink bag business from. So we continued to work with them and they were our distributor of the shrink bag product lines. When we acquired Alcan, we also acquired a manufacturing site and a sales organization in New Zealand that we're selling into the market. So we were finding ourselves competing with ourselves. And this was just an opportune time that came up for us to eliminate that -- to manage that much better by buying out the distributors now, and we receive their sales force and those customers and it just strengthens the operation that we already have.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc again.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just one, how do you compare your sensitivity to changes in resin prices to what it was a year ago? And what do you expect the situation to be a year from now?
Henry J. Theisen: I think we have to talk about -- if we have a market that goes up and down or goes up slowly or in some kind of a uniform way, we can handle those ups and downs of the resin market. The problem that we had about 1 year ago or a 1.5 years ago is that it shot up like a rocket and we could never catch up. So, I mean, if we hit markets where you're adding 5%, 10% increase in raw materials month over month over month over month, so that in a short period of time, your basic normal raw materials go up a third, that puts us behind the 8 ball and it takes us a little bit to get through it. If we're going to have modest increases or increases that occur over a uniform time in a more gradual operation, our systems and how we handle those increases, we're able to deal with that.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one other one on returns on capital. You guys have talked about focusing more on that measure, and this quarter is clearly a step in the right direction. To use a baseball game analogy, what inning would you say you're in, in terms of improving on your returns on capital?
Scott B. Ullem: Adam, I'm not sure I can, I'm not sure I can give you a baseball inning analogy. What I will say is we're very focused on making sure that we're getting appropriate returns on our investors' capital. And to be more specific, we spent a lot of time analyzing our business by division and by geography to assess where we've got the best opportunities to put capital to work on internal growth initiatives, on external acquisition initiatives and on financially engineering the balance sheet. And what I guess -- what I can tell you is, the management team, our board, all of our employees are very focused on improving our returns on invested capital.
Operator: And we'll take one more question. [Operator Instructions] That's Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And again, apologies if you reviewed this. I know you've made a couple of acquisitions, I believe, one -- at least one in China that probably helped on the volume front. So the 3.7% volume decline, does that -- is that sort of the organic number or does that -- what was that? Would it have been a little bit lower if you didn't include acquisitions?
Melanie E. R. Miller: No, that's the organic number. Acquisitions actually did have a positive impact of 1.3%. So if you ignore FX and you ignore acquisitions, both of those impacts, you're left with an organic 3.7%.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Great. And then last question real quickly is, do you feel you gained any market share in any major segments? I know some of -- one of your competitors has been a bit distracted. I didn't know if that had -- I know it's somewhat fragmented, but have you seen share gains in any categories, especially on the food side?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that we've gained share in cheese, meat, dairy and liquids.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay, we have no further questions, so I'd like to turn it back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone again for their participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Alton K. Stump - Longbow Research LLC Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our second quarter 2012 conference call. Today is July 26, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website at www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program, the timing of plant closings, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. This morning, we announced earnings of $0.54 per share in the middle of our guidance. We are pleased to have delivered performance improvements in the face of a difficult operating environment. At the same time, we are revising our outlook for volume for the total year. Based upon a commentary of our large customers, back in April we had expected our volume levels to increase during the second half of this year. We are now revising this expectation and believe volume for the second half of the year will be approximately the same as the first half. Overall volume in 2012 is expected to decline by about 2% to 3% compared to the total year 2011. As a result, we expect to report earnings for the total year around the low end of our original guidance. With volume levels expected to remain low for the remainder of 2012, our business teams are accelerating the commercialization and qualification of new business that is ramping up. Let me give you some examples. Commercialization of patented order scavenging films for the poultry market is solving a long-term issue for our meat customers. Previously, when a barrier package containing poultry was open, the customer would be presented with an offensive odor. This new patented film scavenges this odor so that the customer never experiences it. Another example is our packaging for frozen sandwiches that are microwavable in the package. The technology in our films allow the sandwich to be warmed in the microwave, while maintaining the crispness of the bread. In addition, we recently developed a breakthrough medical device package for artificial joints. For example, knee replacements need to be packaged extensively to protect them before they are placed in a thermoformed container. We have developed a polyester package with a polyurethane coating that protects the knee replacement, eliminates the need for additional packaging and substantially reduces damage during distribution. While economic conditions are negatively impacting volumes across all regions as consumers curb spending wherever they can, our food packaging markets will be more stable than most, and we will to continue to focus on new business opportunities and prudent cost management to position Bemis for earnings growth in the feature. There are a number of additional factors impacting our performance and our revised guidance this quarter, and I'd like to take some time to go through each of these factors with you. These factors include the impact of raw material costs, sales mix and currency. First let's talk about raw material cost. The resin costs headwinds that impacted results in 2011 have been relatively calm during the first half of 2012, and we expect modest raw material cost tailwinds during the second half of this year. The costs of commodity raw materials such as polyethylene had increased during the first quarter of this year, but began to soften again during the second quarter. Overall, we expect commodity resin costs to remain flat during the third quarter, providing short-term benefits before selling prices are adjusted. We expect modest commodity resin cost increases later in the year. We are not seeing that same softness in the cost of our specialty raw materials. Mix improvements in 2012 reflect the impact of new business commercialization and value-added product lines, coupled with volume declines in less complex product lines. Scott will get into the details of our volume numbers for the quarter, but it is important to note that in about 1/2 of our flexible packaging application areas, we have a technological advantage with unique film structures. In these application areas, we experienced modest growth in volume compared to last year second quarter. In total, volume in the second quarter was about 5.5% below volume levels of the second quarter 2011 as predicted, with the decrease coming primarily from the lower value-added products, resulting in improved sales mix. The last factor is currency. During the second quarter, the average currency rate of the Brazilian reais weakened by almost 20% compared to the second quarter of 2011. Our guidance assumes that the reais will remain constant for the rest of 2012 and as a result, we have revised our guidance to $2 to $2.10. We continue to take pricing actions to improve our margins and performance metrics in those parts of our business that do not give us an appropriate level of return. We are executing our facility consolidation program, aimed at improving the efficiency of our global manufacturing operations. We have also identified 3 other manufacturing locations to be closed in France, Mexico and Brazil. With regard to our Pressure Sensitive Materials business segment, we continue to actively manage our cost structure to match demand levels in North America and in Europe. Despite of about 45% of this business being centered on the European markets, we were able to deliver operating profit levels in the high-single-digit range during the second quarter. This is about even with the second quarter of 2011 and the highest increase sequentially from the first quarter. Going forward, our focus will continue to be to match our cost structure with market demand and improve our sales mix. Lastly, I'd like to touch upon our capital investment plans for 2012. We continue to be pleased with the performance and opportunities for increased sales from our newly acquired flexible packaging operation in China. Our expansion of our package making capacity in China is well underway and represents a niche market that we are confident we will be able to fill. We believe our expansion positions us to meet existing demand for these products and does not depend on future growth in the Chinese market. Our Latin American investment in multilayer film capacity is on track for completion by the end of this year, and we expect this to provide us with new sales opportunities for meat packaging applications that have historically been a small part of our Latin American mix. We have lowered our total estimate of capital expenditures for 2012 by $25 million to approximately $150 million for the year. This decrease reflects the fact that we are postponing investments in areas where we no longer need additional capacity. In all, we are making the necessary adjustments to capacity to maintain a sales mix that promotes improvement in profitability and growth going forward. We are expanding in key growth areas and managing our cost structure to achieve our profitability objectives. We expect to begin to benefit from the savings of facility consolidation program in 2013, and we will continue to look for new opportunities to expand our product reach to new applications, innovate our existing product lines and improve our performance metrics in the future. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for his comments on the financials.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry. Good morning, everyone. Adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter was $0.54, an increase of about 6% over last year's second quarter, a 10% increase sequentially from the first quarter of this year and in the middle of our guidance range. My comments this morning will cover the financial tables attached to today's press release, and I'll provide additional color with respect to the drivers of this quarter's performance. Starting with our Flexible Packaging segment and excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, net sales decreased about 1/2 of 1% reflecting a 5.5% decrease in volume, partially offset by increases in price and mix. Specifically, volume increased modestly in several of our high value-added product areas, such as packaging for meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, dry foods and medical and pharmaceutical applications. In our other product areas, volumes were generally down with the exception of over-wrap for bottled water, which was up due to the hot weather conditions in North America. We experienced volume declines in a number of product areas such as packaging for bakery, confectionery and snack, beverage, pet care, specialty food, and health and hygiene applications. Some of this volume decline was self-directed, as we have chosen to strategically price products to meet our profit margin objectives. Looking at net sales from another perspective, trends varied considerably by geographic region. For Flexible Packaging sales in North America, which represents about 70% sales in the segment, we experienced a modest decline in net sales as mid-single-digit volume declines overall were partially offset by price mix improvements. In Latin America, net sales excluding currency increased by about 10%, principally driven by increasing prices, reflecting higher raw material costs. The weakening of the reais has significantly hurt our results as translated into U.S. dollars. In relation to total Bemis net sales, the devaluation of the reais reduced reported revenues by over 3%. European Flexible Packaging represent less than 2% of our total Flexible Packaging segment operating profit. It's not a significant factor driving our results, so I won't spend much time here other than to say that we have a strong medical device packaging business in Europe that is nicely profitable, while our food packaging business continues to operate in a low growth, low-margin weak demand environment. Moving onto the Pressure Sensitive Materials business segment. Unit volumes were down slightly in label products and decreased almost 5% each in graphic and technical products. Results in this business segment continued to reflect the impact of its significant exposure to the European region. Price and mix were neutral to net sales. Consolidated gross margins improved to 17.8% in the second quarter of this year, up from 17.4% in the second quarter 2011. This reflected our improved alignment between the cost of raw materials and our selling prices to customers. This improvement in our price cost ratio was partially offset by the negative impact of lower volume levels on fixed cost absorption. We are executing our facility consolidation program on schedule and as planned. In addition, we expanded the program to include 3 locations outside the U.S. and one additional location in the U.S. With the U.S. and now the non-U.S. programs in progress, we do not expect any further closings in the foreseeable future. With these additional locations, we increased the overall total program cost from $83 million to $141 million, of which $96 million is expected to be cash payments, up from the original cash estimate of $51 million. During the second quarter specifically, charges of $20 million were incurred and cash payments totaled $4.5 million. You can see the program's complete financial timing and expenses -- expense details on Page 2 of our press release. Previously, we announced that our facility consolidation program was expected to deliver approximately $40 million annually, beginning in 2013. We now expect the program in total to generate approximately $50 million annualized, which represents about a 2-year payback on the $96 million in cash we are spending. Of the 9 total locations impacted, 4 were already closed by the end of June and we plan to close the remaining locations by the end of the year. Turning back to the income statement. Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2012 will continue to fluctuate, reflecting the impact of changes related to the facility consolidation program, the addition of acquired businesses and the adjustments of incentive compensation in response to business performance expectations. We expect total year 2012 SG&A to average 9.5% to 10% of net sales, and current initiatives are expected to reduce SG&A expenses in 2013. Adjusted operating profit of Flexible Packaging business segment increased 60 basis points to 10.1% compared to 9.5% in the second quarter of 2011. This improvement reflects the impact of an improved price cost ratio compared to the second quarter of 2011, when raw material costs had increased dramatically in advance of our selling price increases. This improvement was partially offset by the impact of lower fixed cost absorption due to lower sales volumes in certain product areas. In the Pressure Sensitive Materials business segment, operating profit margins improved 100 basis points over the first quarter of this year, reflecting aggressive cost management in the face of modest volume declines. Our effective tax rate was 36.4% for the second quarter, and we continue to expect the effective tax rate for the total year 2012 to be 36%. Moving onto the statement of cash flows. Cash provided by operating activities totaled $94.5 million for the second quarter. Working capital was neutral, although compared to last year's second quarter, pension contributions reduced cash from operating activities by about $24 million, and facility consolidation payments used an additional $4.5 million in cash. We expect cash provided by operating activities to be in the range of $350 million for the full year 2012. This will be influenced by the timing of cash payments associated with the now-expanded facility closures program. As Henry explained, capital expenditures and dividend payments are expected to use about $250 million. The remaining cash will be focused principally on short-term debt reduction. Our guidance for the second half of 2012 assumes volume will continue to be flat with the first half, which will also be about equal to the volume levels of the second half of 2011. As Henry explained, our previous 2012 EPS guidance was based on the assumption that volumes in the second half would improve. We based this assumption on volume outlooks from our key customers, who are now predicting demand to remain soft through this year. As a result, we are lowering our total year adjusted EPS guidance to $2 -- to $2.10 per share, and we expect the third quarter adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.57. These ranges assume constant currency exchange rates and modest raw material cost benefits during the second half of the year. I'll close by summarizing our focus for the balance of 2012, which is to continue to grow sales of our high-technology packaging products, aggressively manage costs, improve our profit margins, execute our facility consolidation program and generate cash. And now we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was just -- you mentioned again in the quarter for Flexible Packaging that you continue to maybe walk away from some lower value or lower margin business with some of your customers. How much of that was the impact in the quarter to the top line? And then are we getting to a point where you've sort of walked away from as much of this business as you think you can or renegotiated where possible?
Henry J. Theisen: First of all, the amount of business that we lost would be minimal in comparison to our total sales. So it's not a very large amount of money, a large amount of revenue. I think we pretty well had our conversations with our customers, and it's really in their hands to decide if they like to move a little bit of the volume or leave it with us at a different price level. But all in all, it is not a lot of revenue that's at risk here.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up with demand in Flexible Packaging from your protein customers, I'm just wondering -- obviously with the drought, some of their costs going are higher. Is that -- you think that's more of a 2013 issue though than a 2012 issue for you on the protein side, especially in North America?
Henry J. Theisen: I think, Scott, that's more of 2013 issue for us. And we'll see how that plays out. We're in the food business, that's protein business. We're down a little bit even in this food inflationary times, our meat sales are up slightly. So it'll be interesting to see how that plays out later in 2013.
Operator: And next in queue, we have Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Henry, on the expansion of the asset rationalization program, should we interpret this as you guys going through the process, and then finding new opportunities that you want to act on? Or is this a function of needing to do more, just given what the end market conditions are relative to your initial expectations?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that's both of those things, Ghansham. We're looking-through just what our footprint is and where we can best manufacture. As we talked about even with Alcan acquisition, some of this comes from picking out which best runs, which places and I think it's a little bit of both.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, Scott, on the guidance reduction for the full year, how much of that is to reflect the change in currency and also as an offset, just given your comments on resin, how much do you think resin will benefit relative to, perhaps, the initial guidance at the beginning of the year?
Scott B. Ullem: On currency, second half assumes just flat currency. But with where we are today, what's really driving the adjustment guidance is our outlook on volumes, which have come down from where we were even just 3 months ago. On resin, resin we think there's going to be some moderate tailwinds in the second half of the year. Keep in mind that the raw material exposure that we face is including a lot of specialty resins. And so when you see the price of polyethylene, for example come down, it doesn't mean that our whole cost structure is coming down. We do think there'll be benefits in the second half. We fully baked those into our EPS guidance range.
Operator: And the next question will come from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you have a sense as to what changed regarding your customers' line outlook for the second half? I mean, why -- obviously, their volume has been worse than they expected, but do you have any sense as to why that happened and at what point they think they might have a recovering volume?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if we would really be qualified to answer that. I think that really has to come from our customers. We have our own little views, but they are views. And then they wouldn't be based in what customers are thinking.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sure. And volume in Latin America, what was it in the quarter?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Volume alone in Latin America was just up modestly. Most of the -- excluding currency, sales were up 10% and most of that was higher prices compared to a year ago, as we they've been dealing with higher raw material costs.
Operator: And our next question will come from James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Two quick questions. First, are you noting any major changes in consumer behavior towards foods and other products packaged in Bemis products? Is there anything that you can call out?
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think so. There's nothing we can really call out that would -- significant change or drastic change in our product portfolio.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And then switching gears just a bit. If beef prices rise due to the drought, should we expect -- have you historically seen your volumes increase with the rise in the beef prices?
Scott B. Ullem: Our demand for packaging for protein products is pretty well very low single-digit growth year-over-year, irregardless of what's going on in the marketplace.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Alton Stump with Longbow Research.
Alton K. Stump - Longbow Research LLC: Just I guess first off on the volume front, if I think back to last quarter, I think one of the key things you have mentioned is that you thought there will be good flow products coming out that we're being launched for the customer during the back half of the year. Has that slowed at all? I mean is that part of the factor as well as to why your volume guidance has come down for the back half?
Henry J. Theisen: No, I think our new product launches are very well coming along. And that's what's really -- when we talk about modest growth in our high-value packaging, that's what's driving it. That's why I gave those few examples just to show you some of the things that we're doing. We're getting some modest volume growth because of the new packages and the new products that we're putting out in the marketplace. So that's why our high-value end is doing better than the more commoditized area.
Alton K. Stump - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then I just have one quick follow-up to that. Obviously, it's awfully early to looking ahead to next year on the volume front, but is there any confidence that we'll see volume recover in Flexibles heading into next year?
Henry J. Theisen: I -- we're all sitting in the same economy. We're looking at the same -- what's going on in the world and I wouldn't know what's going to change where we are today. But as you know, we all have the same view of the economy.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm just curious with the facility rationalization, is this really all just a matter of you going to be in the same businesses but you're going to serve it from fewer locations or does this include some decisions you've made up -- exit some particular markets, maybe some lower value stuff?
Henry J. Theisen: No, it's the first part of your question. In fact, a lot of -- when we're shorting down these facilities, these are facilities that are -- all the facilities that are in need of capital for new roofs, heating, ventilation, electrical systems, things that aren't going to add anything to our returns, or they're in locations that we can't fundamentally expand. So we're doing -- is we're taking out -- we're just closing those facilities and moving a lot of that equipment into other facilities to maintain our capacity, and so we can service the markets the we're in. It really is giving us a better footprint and avoiding some CapEx expenditures in the future.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I could, as a follow-on, Henry, just when we've seen kind of big run offs in grain prices, in corn prices like this in the past, what's been your experience in sort of how that rolls-through to the protein business? I would think that in some parts of your business, you'd actually get a little initial surge here because farmers would be sending at least more beef and pork, perhaps, to market. But then a little bit further down the road, you've got an issue with higher prices and just consumers purchasing less.
Henry J. Theisen: I think you're right. When you first see this, they can't feed the cattle. You'll see the cattle and hogs and more of those will be slaughtered and that will help maintain lower prices for some of the protein products. And then later on you'll see the rise in those products because there's a shortage over in the herd. And what we have been very good at is delivering new products into those markets where our value was added to offset those drops.
Operator: And next in queue we have Albert Kabili with Crédit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess first question, Henry, is on the volume that you're stepping away from. Can you help us with what kind of -- does that have a corresponding noticeable improvement in your price mix going forward? Or is this just more about getting your resin escalate or timing shortened up here?
Henry J. Theisen: It has nothing to do with the escalator, de-escalator timing. This is just a small -- right now, it's a very small part of our business in couple of places where the pricing is not giving us an adequate return, and it's really below pricing for the market. So we're just going back to our customers and saying, "If we're going to move this business and we're going to maintain support, then we need an adequate price."
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay, very good. And then I guess just on -- the second question is on with the facility rationalizations that you've announced. And -- is there opportunity for more? Do you see -- are you still evaluating potentially more upside with respect to this type of activity, or kind of where are you standing at with respect to that?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that when we complete what we've talked about, that is what we will do for the foreseeable future. We will need to go back and talk about growing in our business and move away from these unfortunate closings.
Operator: And next we'll hear from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my first question for you, if we look at the restructuring program, the prior one, it was going to generate savings of $40 million with cash cost of about $50 million. And now, we increased the savings by $10 million, but it's going to cost you an extra $46 million or so of cash, because the new cash cost is $96 million. So I realized that payback is 2 years in total, but on this latest round, it's kind of like 4 years. So I was wondering why is this program, even though you’re closing smaller facilities, so much more cash expensive, if you will?
Scott B. Ullem: George, it's Scott. Good question. The answer is, these facilities are outside of the U.S. And we have extraordinarily higher social costs, postretirement liabilities we've got to cover and so the short term bank for the buck is lower and closing these o U.S. facilities than it is for the facilities that we had announced previously. We're doing it because it's the right thing to do for a geographic footprint. It's the right way to continue to capitalize the ongoing manufacturing facilities we have in place, but the short-term bank cash on return is not as positive as -- for the ones we announced previously.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My second question for now, and I'll come back to queue, please, I know prior to this latest tranche, there was one more facility, the largest one of the initial program that was going to closing over the course of this year. Where do you stand in managing that closure? Because it's obviously going to be a more important piece of the puzzle.
Henry J. Theisen: That particular facility is one -- it was the largest facility that we're closing. And so what we are in the process of doing is moving equipment into another one of our facilities. So we had planned to close that in the fourth quarter and it is on pace and it we're not slowing it -- or what takes time is the transfer of the equipment into a different facility. But we're on pace.
Operator: And the next question comes from Mike Hamilton, Royal Bank of Canada.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Just a big picture question on Brazil, going into World Cup and Olympics, et cetera. Is that doing anything in your thinking of what you're trying to accomplish? Is there any benefit off of that, or will it be pretty much business as usual?
Henry J. Theisen: It’ll be pretty much business as usual in Brazil.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Gabe Hajde on for Chris. Question on some of the capital projects that you walked away from to the tune of $25 million. Can you talk about what types of projects those were, and if they may come back to the plate?
Henry J. Theisen: We don't -- we really didn't walk away from that. What we're really doing is postponing it. We're taking a look at where our volumes are, and we are just postponing those. We still think they are good projects, in a way to just standard capacity increases and some of the areas that we need to support. We're not walking away from any investments in CapEx that add to our value-added product line.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And can you remind us again from a leverage standpoint where you folks feel comfortable operating in future acquisition opportunities or areas to consolidate to maybe fix less rational pricing environment in some of these products?
Scott B. Ullem: Gabe, it's Scott. Our target debt to EBITDA ratio is in the neighborhood of 2x. And so this year, we're continuing to pay down some debt. So that when we do make future acquisitions, we've got more capacity to delever up and still be investment-grade. And that's really the way we plan our leverage ratios, is to maintain that investment-grade rating.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit more about the Pressure Sensitive market. I think you had mentioned that your units were down slightly. In the quarter, one of your competitors sounded like they were -- had unit volumes that were up in the quarter and potentially taking some market share, especially over in Europe. Can you talk about that business a little bit more specifically, and what you're seeing from a competitive landscape in the quarter?
Henry J. Theisen: Our Pressure Sensitive business is a very competitive business. We're basically the #3 player behind every Avery Dennison and UPM's Raflatac Industries. And I think our quarter is similar to any quarter in that business. I didn't see we lost significant volumes or gain significant volumes and things are pretty much status quo as normal competition in the business.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just one clarification on the pullback in CapEx. So you're saying that none of the $25 million in CapEx that you pulled down was related to any of these additional facilities. You weren't going to go in there and invest in those facilities that you're actually now taking out? Okay.
Henry J. Theisen: No. We have not planned to make any investments in there. We look at those early on, and they were not in the $175 million plan. And that's part of the reason we took them down because they're just not worthy of investment.
Operator: And next we have a question from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I apologize if you guys discussed this already. Your volume outlook for you guys in the back half is a little more cautious now. What are your customers saying and how are they managing their inventory? I understand previously you had expected some new products rolling out and whatnot. I just want to get clarity on that.
Henry J. Theisen: Well first off, the products we expect to roll out are rolling out. I mean no matter what the economy is, we -- our customers need of those new products to differentiate themselves in the marketplace. So our new -- and I went through a couple of them earlier on just to show you that we do have that portfolio of new products. Well, our customers are just saying that they have to pass-through the food inflation. There are no choices.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with corn prices moving up, are you -- are there any concerns from your perspective that food inflation would be a bigger risk in and back half or early next year?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes. As these corn prices go up, or wheat prices go up, they affect food inflation. We would see some of that this year. Consumer still has to eat, still has to take the products so -- and our new offerings and our new development and our chain of R&D always keeps us ahead of the game.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up from George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. First on volume, if I heard you correctly, I think you said your new volume outlook for the second half of 2012 would put you more or less flat with the second half of 2011. I just want to confirm if that was the case. And is it just comparisons are easy that allow you to keep sort of flat with last year given what has been, obviously through the first half, a down 5% or so compare?
Henry J. Theisen: That's what it is. Its -- on a sequential basis, we expect volumes to stay about where they are, and -- which is about where they were in 2011. 2011 -- remember, volumes in 2011 were higher in the first half than they were in the first half of this year. And so for the total year, we expect volumes to be down this year about 2% to 3% versus last year. But flat with last year for the second half.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, Scott, I had one bigger picture question that I ask periodically and I wanted to get a refresh from you all. If I look at Bemis' strategy over the long-term, it's been mostly what we've heard today and on past conference calls, the company has focused on new products, bringing new features to the market, new substrates, new barriers and so on. And that's fine. I realize that you're dealing right now with a very challenging environment in terms of food inflation and what that's meant for you demand for your key markets. But bigger picture, looking back to late 1990s even, your margin and your current on capital have been flat to down, which is different than what you've seen for the packaging industry as a whole, which has seen an increase in margin and returns, slowdown returns. Why do you feel that the strategy you have in place is the right strategy? What in your strategy in the future do you hope will help improve returns on capital for your shareholders?
Scott B. Ullem: George, the answer is the strategy that we are executing now is a different strategy than the one we were executing even 2 years ago. Because what we're doing now is rationalizing our significant fixed asset base in order to improve our returns on invested capital. And in order to continue to build profits in the face of end markets that from what we can see into the foreseeable future are not going to deliver any great volume growth for us. So we're setting up the company to be successful from a profitability margin standpoint, from a return on capital standpoint, in light of the new normal in our markets and we feel good about that new strategic direction that we've taken on. It's a lot of work. We've got everyone at Bemis focused on this goal. We're obviously spending a lot of time, a lot of resources and combined with the world-class operations management initiatives that we kicked off, we really feel positive about our ability to be a low-cost, high value-added product provider to our customers.
Henry J. Theisen: George, I'd like to point out that in that decade you're talking about, we made some decisions as a management team to invest in a global basis and expand our footprint. And we see -- bought significant assets in Brazil and in Europe, and those were not performing as high as our high-value area. In addition, we -- as the economies of those areas increased, we spent quite a bit of capital to be prepared to do the value-added things that we want to go forward with. So we made some decisions in acquisitions to bring in some pieces of business that were dilutive to those metrics.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn the call back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie E. R. Miller: That concludes our call today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division Benjamin Wong Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ernie Ortiz
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Bemis First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Today is April 26, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and CEO, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and CFO, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. My comments today will address the current market environment, what we expect for the rest of this year and our progress on initiatives to improve profitability and return on invested capital. With respect to the current market environment, the generally weak levels of demand that we experienced during the second half of 2011 has continued into 2012 as expected. There are pockets of growth in certain product areas, but overall demand is reflecting careful buying at grocery stores and some trading down by customers to less expensive options that may not use flexible packaging. That said, the growth initiatives of our customers include promotions, as well as new product extensions to be launched in a flexible format. We're also starting to see new business ramp up, which should help to boost volumes during the second half of the year.  During the first quarter, our suppliers announced a number of raw material cost increases. None of these increases is of the magnitude that we saw during the first half of 2011. But they will put modest pressure on operating margins in the second and third quarters until all selling prices can be adjusted. So as we look forward to the rest of the year, we expect raw material cost increases to subside and level out for a while and we expect customer demand to increase as we move into the second half of 2012.  We have made progress in modifying the price agreements with some customers and we'll continue this initiative as contracts come up for renewal. These changes will shorten the time that takes to adjust selling prices when raw materials cost change, reducing the impact of raw material cost changes on our operating performance and cash flows.  We continued to implement specific pricing actions to address poor profitability on some products and we are willing to walk away from business if necessary. We have made progress with our facility consolidation program and expect to complete the closure of 2 of our North American facilities during the second quarter. Our teams are doing a great job of transferring production to new facilities while keeping an eye on costs. At the same time, we are expanding our footprint in China to meet the growing demand from that region. This capital investment will be ramping up commercial production during the second half of this year. In Latin America, we are expanding our capabilities in Brazil to deliver our high barrier technology to our Latin American customers. This market continues to be challenged with slowing economic growth and a relatively strong currency. We have a lot of opportunities for expansion in that region of the world and our business teams are focused on leveraging our global scale to create a competitive advantage and drive growth. We have been closely managing cost in our European operations as we continued to experience sluggish unit sales volumes in the face of a weak European economy. We expect this economic environment to continue through the rest of the year. We are currently working out a number of innovative new products that we are gaining attention from our customers. In addition to our current sales in the dairy segment, we are finding new applications for our rigid sheet film in other liquid products, including pudding, yogurt and baby food. Customers are excited about our recyclable solution that removes environmentally unfriendly polyvinylidene chloride materials from packaging. In another example, our Peel Reseal technology is providing customers with a cost beneficial solution that uses a combination of our easy peel and our pressure sensitive adhesive technologies, to provide easy open and reclosable features.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott to review the financial performance for the quarter.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry. Good morning, everyone. This quarter, we recorded adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.49 at the top of our guidance range and $0.02 better than the first quarter of 2011. The primary driver for this improvement was a better ratio of selling prices to raw material costs in 2012. In late 2010 and early 2011, we were experiencing dramatic increases in raw material costs that negatively impacted our price-to-cost ratio through the first 3 quarters of 2011. While we have adjusted our selling prices to reflect higher raw material prices, our flexible packaging volumes have tracked the generally weak volumes of our customers. This trend began in the second half of 2011 and we expect it to continue through the first half of 2012.  Unit sales volumes were lower in total, but they were not lower across the board. I'll give you some examples and then provide some views about what is driving these results. Compared to the first quarter of 2011, volumes were up in packaging applications for meat, dairy products, coffee, dry foods, condiments, stick packs and overwrap for packaged beverages. Volumes were lower in other application categories, including cheese, bakery, confectionery and snacks, quick preparation meals, pet food, health and hygiene products and pharmaceuticals. You can take away a few themes from this quarter's end market volumes. First, consumers have been willing to trade down in product quality to lower-priced products, for example, in frozen pizza. Along the same lines, consumers have exhibited careful buying patterns, including shifting away from more expensive prepared meal packaging formats. We have also seen examples of consumers purchasing lower-priced products that do not come in flexible packaging, for example, dry pasta.  It's also clear that food price increases on the grocery store shelf are constraining consumer demand, but some of our customers expect the sticker shock to abate as consumers get used to higher price points. Volumes in our flexible packaging business will be an important factor in our ability to continue to grow earnings. And our facilities consolidation program, combined with our world-class manufacturing initiatives, should deliver positive momentum in waste management and productivity. These benefits are expected to be realized next year. Shifting to our pressure sensitive material segment. Volumes in total were about the same as last year's first quarter and financial results were roughly consistent with last year's first quarter. Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $3 million compared to the first quarter of 2011, reflecting increased pension costs. Research and development expenses increased $3.3 million over the first quarter of 2011 and still remain below 1% of net sales. Our investments in R&D reflect our commitment to drive innovative packaging and adhesive technologies that offer valuable solutions to customers.  Looking at adjusted operating profits of the flexible packaging business segment, the 10.2% margin was a 30% basis point improvement from the first quarter of 2011 and a 40 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter. This improvement also reflects the benefits of a closer alignment between the prices we charge for our products and the costs we incur to purchase raw materials. In the pressure sensitive materials business segment, operating margins were relatively consistent with the first quarter of 2011 at about 6.7%. This is 190 basis points better than the fourth quarter of 2011, reflecting nice results in our technical products business, which is one of our focus areas for profitable growth in our pressure sensitive material segment. Summarizing the financial impact of our facilities consolidation, we recorded $8.3 million of related expenses during the first quarter, which was divided between $1.2 million for employee costs and $7.1 million of costs associated with writing down fixed assets. We expect the total remaining expenses for the facilities consolidation program to be approximately $37 million, most of which will be expensed during 2012. Keep in mind that some of these facilities consolidation expenses are noncash charges and others require the use of cash. There are also timing differences, for example, with severance expenses between when we booked charges and when we pay out cash. Cash paid for facilities consolidation costs during the first quarter totaled $8 million. This cash outlay represented employees' severance and other costs for expenses incurred in the fourth quarter of 2011, as well as the first quarter of 2012. We expect to use another $24 million in cash during 2012 and about $17 million in cash in 2013. Our effective tax rate was 35.3% for the first quarter. This was an aberration and we expect our effective tax rate for the full year to be approximately 36%, consistent with recent years. The lower tax rate did not affect operating profit, net income or cash taxes.  Cash provided by operating activities totaled $48.7 million for first quarter. Working capital increased by about $62 million, reflecting the normal build of inventory as we enter our seasonally strong second quarter, as well as the increase in accounts receivables since the balance reflects stronger net sales for the month of March compared to the month of December. Looking ahead, our guidance for the second quarter is $0.51 to $0.57 in earnings per share. We expect the first quarters raw material cost increases to impact the second quarter, but no additional increases have been reflected in our full year guidance, which we are maintaining at $2.05 to $2.20 per share.  Where we end up in that range will be driven largely by volumes in our flexible packaging business, our full year guidance assumes strengthening volumes in the second half of the year versus volumes we have seen so far this year, but I want to make an important qualifier. If volumes do not improve meaningfully, earnings may be on the low end of our 2012 EPS guidance. On April 2, we used commercial paper to repay $300 million of bonds that matured. So interest expense is expected to come down by about $3 million per quarter as we reduce the rate from the commercial paper rate of about 40 basis points. We also intend to use excess cash generated in 2012 to reduce outstanding commercial paper in line with our target net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 2x. We continue to expect capital expenditures for 2012 to be in the $175 million range and cash flow from operations to exceed $350 million. Now we will open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Scott, you said you expect volume in flexible lines to strengthen in the second half, but can you be more specific as to what you're assuming regarding your year-over-year volume trends for the balance of the year?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we're simply expecting, based upon signals that we've seen and heard from our customers, that volumes in flexible packaging are going to strengthen in the second half of 2012. And there are a lot of data points and anecdotal influences that lead us to believe that we feel pretty confident that there's going to be some pick up in the second half. What we don't know is whether that's a moderate pick up or a more significant pick up in volumes.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one other volume-related question. What was volume in Brazil in the quarter?
Melanie E. R. Miller: We don't talk about a country, so we won't talk about Brazil by itself, but we look at volumes around the world and in Latin America, so including -- from Mexico down to Brazil, including our Argentina business and in that area, volume was still down compared to first quarter of 2011, but 4% to 5%, so not as -- not down as strongly as it has been as we look at the second half of 2011.
Operator: Up next from Barclays, we'll go to Scott Gaffner.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You talked about the end consumer actually trading down to some less expensive options that maybe don't incorporate flexible packaging, I think you mentioned pasta. Is there anything that you could do to innovate, to actually go into those categories? Or is it simply product categories or areas that you don't -- you wouldn't -- you would prefer not to go in over the long term?
Henry J. Theisen: Most of the -- the vast majority of that or almost all of them are like corrugated, like you would see for a corrugated box. When you're moving into a dry product, it doesn't require any barrier, anything like that. But we think that's a temporary thing that's going on. People are going to want to go back and my -- I've been here for 37 years, people want -- because they want the barrier packaging, they want the innovative things. Staying in a box to have dry pasta is not where people are going to stay.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And Scott, it's also true that if you look around the world, there are other places where certain categories that are in -- sold in jars or in boxes in the U.S. are sold in flexible in other parts of the world, for instance, pasta sauces and things like that. But one of the obstacles to making huge changes in those categories is the capital that our customers have installed, where they have got a process, fully depreciated lines that is focused on filling jars or using folding cartons, and for them to switch in a big way to flexible packaging would be a big capital investment. So we do look at innovating those areas when they're launching new products and perhaps their new brands or new flavors might be included in flexible packaging, but to do it in a big way, it would be a big capital investment by our customers.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, just -- you mentioned the weak consumer demand trends based off the soft economic conditions, but how much of the weak environment do you think is more price related, inflation for the end consumer versus the actual weakness in the economy?
Henry J. Theisen: I think the best way to answer your question is what our customers tell us. And our customers are concerned about food inflation, the price of all the grains and the base commodities that increased the first half of the 2011 and now they find themselves having to push those through, so they are concerned about the price of food, food inflation caused by those commodity increases. And they also talk about the increase in gas. When gas gets to $4, and people have to pay more to get back and forth to work, it just takes some buying power out of the marketplace and almost all of our customers talk about concerns based on food volumes, which is really the pricing of the commodities, and what's going on to gas pump.
Operator: We'll go next to Usha Guntupalli of Goldman Sachs.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you comment on your outlook for price cost spread for resin in 2012 full year with a specific focus on specialty resin costs?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, specialty resin costs went up in the first quarter of the year and we expect that to be flat. We really expect all of our -- really raw material costs had increases in the first quarter and we expect those to be flat through the rest of the year. So as we go through the second quarter and into the third quarter, they should come in line with what we would typically expect between the price that we sell and what we pay for our raw materials.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a quick follow-up there. So you did mention your target of modifying customer pricing agreements. So could you give us more color on what percentage of your contracts you're targeting by year end 2012? And also by how much do you intend to reduce lag in pricing?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we expect to have close to 100% of our contracts by the end of 2012. It should come up and it should be renegotiated. So we expect this phenomena that we inherited from Alcan to be done with by the end of the year. And we're shooting to get anything from 6 months down to 3 months, or if we can, to 30 days depending upon the individual negotiation. But we do recognize that 6 months is not something that we can maintain.
Operator: Moving next to Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: I might have missed this but it looks like the 1.5% decrease in sales and the -- that you saw in the first quarter was all pretty much organic, given that the impact of the -- ex currency, I should say, given that the impact of acquisitions was offset by currency. That being the case, can you give us a little more color as to how much of that decline was tied to volume and how much was tied to price?
Scott B. Ullem: It's really volume and there's a little bit of price through various different market categories that we serve, but really volume has been the key headwind that we've faced in the top line.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And maybe I misunderstood but I think earlier, you mentioned that in the Latin America areas, I guess that's the Alcan businesses primarily, that the volumes were actually down more than the overall amount. And could you just, a, correct that, and b, let us know sort of what you think is right driving that, since we -- I would tend to think that you would have more growth in the emerging areas.
Henry J. Theisen: If you take a look at Latin America, we do have some excellent growth in our flexible packaging business. We have excellent growth in the areas where technology and barrier are the main core. Where we are receiving some of the pressure is, if you remember, in Latin America, we picked up a folding carton and a paper labels business in the acquisition and that is a very competitive environment and we are seeing pressure with the strong REI where people can import paper labels and some corrugated folding boxes. That's the volume loss. We actually have gains in the areas of our flexible packaging in the areas that we want to operate in.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And actually, just to clarify what you had said, in Latin America, we're mostly legacy Bemis as we acquired some plants from Alcan there, but most of that is legacy Bemis business and volume was down 4% to 5%. However, if you exclude currency, price and mix improvements more than offset that so that we had increased sales in the region of low single digits compared to the first quarter of last year.
Operator: We'll go next to Baird's Ghansham Panjabi.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Your volumes in flexible packaging have been a pretty good proxy for your customers' volumes. Historically, this would probably imply that the operating rates of your customer level are pretty low too. Historically, that sort of coincided with higher promotional activity as your customers have started to sort of stimulate volume growth, get consumers back. Are you seeing any signs of that yet or is it still too early?
Henry J. Theisen: I think it's still too early. Our customers are really -- what you're really seeing now is it's kind of worked in the past. Our customers are talking about more innovation, how can they do things, how they can add something that the consumer is going to want to take, so we're seeing more of an uptick in how can we innovate and how can we drive new packaging and bring products that our customers' customers will want, but we haven't seen that as we sit here today in increased volume yet.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then switching to Latin America, and obviously Brazil is the biggest market down there, it's been probably a while since volumes have come under pressure there and it seems that your customers, this is probably something relatively new for them. Are you seeing any change in behavior there in Latin America?
Henry J. Theisen: I was just in Latin America last week and our management team is an excellent management team. They recognize what's going on. They continue to drive for value add into the product areas and the markets that we want to do and they're adapting to the lower volumes and the lower market, but like I said before, most of it is volume ups in the part of the business that doesn't generate our future. It's more -- those losses are in the paper labels, folding carton, areas like that.
Operator: We hear next from Mike Hamilton of RBC.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of detail in terms of progression in the Asian markets.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, our presence in the Asian markets is very small as part of the company. We were very active in the medical device arena in the Asia-Pacific region. We picked up a small plant in New Zealand, in the fresh meat area, which excites us for that part of the world. And last September or August, we made an acquisition of a company that is operating in more of the higher end part of the China operations, with retort packaging, standup pouches, things that we consider more of the value add part of it. We're expanding those facilities, the facility that we bought in the business was fully -- was full. We're putting in additional equipment and we have a good growth plan for that area, but it is still a smaller part of our business.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Going back to overall corporate. Could you give a picture of what pricing was in the quarter?
Melanie E. R. Miller: For?
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Year-over-year.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Year-over-year pricing, well, volume was down mid-single digits and that was offset by pricing to get -- if you take out the currency and offset it with acquisitions, essentially what you're left with is, the volume and pricing mix wasn't really as a big deal. So if we had total sales down 1.5% ex those items, pricing was up but not enough to offset the volume decline. So volume was down about mid single-digits.
Operator: From Bank of America Merrill Lynch, we'll go to George Staphos.
Benjamin Wong: It's Benjamin Wong for George. Can you provide an early read on what you've seen so far in April? I think you should start to see some flexible volume pick up as you enter the grilling in the summer season but an update would be helpful.
Scott B. Ullem: Good morning, Benjamin, it's Scott. We've seen a little bit of seasonal uptick as we always do going from first quarter to second quarter, but volumes are still muted and below where we'd like to see them.
Benjamin Wong: Okay. And then I just want to dig deeper into the assumption of volume growth in the second half. I mean, what do you think the biggest risk is to that? I mean, I think new product commercialization is probably pretty stable and the biggest risk is still to the consumer but I wanted to check that with you.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the biggest risk is still to the consumer around the environment, the economic environment that we're in.
Operator: We'll hear next from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions for you. First has to do with -- Scott, if we can go back and talk a little bit about the cadence of the cost savings. I think, earlier in your release, I read $40 million annualized in '13. But it sounds like you've got, I think from prepared comments, you mentioned you've got a chunk of personnel already out here in 1Q, 2Q. So could you maybe kind of give us a sense of that $40 million as an annualized full year number? Could we anticipate seeing any of that in '12 in the amount that we would see during fiscal '13 and any spillover that it might lead to '14, kind of think about that?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, Chris. There will be some benefits as we get later into the year 2012. But the benefits are almost entirely offset by some short term inefficiencies of moving production from plants that we're closing to plants that we're expanding. And so we're adding production to adjusting facilities. So really we don't expect see any net cost benefits in 2012 and they'll show up in 2013. Obviously, there's not a hard line at December 31 and January 1, but that's the way to think about it for 2012.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the second, I just want to follow-up on some earlier questions regarding volumes by region. So I think Melanie kind of clarified things, that as a whole company, you were down, let's call it mid-single digits. How would that have been different in Europe? And was it different in different pieces of Europe? Some folks are telling us that northern Europe tended to be stronger than southern Europe, et cetera. But if you could, to the extent you can help compare, contrast what you might have seen in South America, Asia, North America, Europe with what the total company was.
Melanie E. R. Miller: I don't have a breakout of northern Europe versus southern Europe. I don't have that much detail in what I look at, at this level. But volume in Europe was down double digit again from the year before. Part of that reflects the fact that we did get out of some business, second quarter of last year, on purpose some low value add business to improved sales mix. But otherwise, volume was down again year-over-year as it was all of last year 2011. In Asia, it's really tiny for Bemis, so -- and there's so much impact from the acquisition in August that really essentially almost doubled our sales in the Asian region that those trends are not very meaningful in the format that I have them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Adam Josephson of KeyBanc has another question.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What do you think normalized gross margins are for the company? I mean, there's been quite a bit of volatility in your gross margin in recent years owing to the Alcan acquisition, volatile resin prices, volume fluctuations, et cetera. And I'm hoping to get a sense of what you think a sustainable level is as you renew the Alcan contracts.
Scott B. Ullem: Adam, this quarter, our adjusted gross margins are 17.7%. We think that normalized, they'll be higher than that, I don't want to give a specific target number, but as we do improve our pricing alignment between cost of raws and selling price of our products, we'd like to see those gross margins tick up towards high teens and even on the 20% line.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And I know you don't want to give a number, but whatever that number is, when might you expect to get there?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, again, it's tough to predict what raw material prices are going to do, but in a stabilizing raw material environment, we should see some improvements by the end of the year in 2012 on the gross margin line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear next from Albert Kabili of Crédit Suisse.
Ernie Ortiz: This is actually Ernie filling in for Al. I just have a quick question, how's the non contract business going? And was there any price cost headwind in 1Q or a potential catch up in the second quarter?
Henry J. Theisen: Our non contract business, we have the ability to increase prices on specific orders when they come in and we were very diligent in making those price adjustments. We raised prices very early in 2011 and we raised them more than once. And as that is a smaller part of our business, we realized catch up in our raw material and our pricing sooner than we did in the contract business.
Operator: We'll go back to Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wanted to talk about the competitive environment, with volumes being a little bit weaker. What's the competitive environment look like right now? In flexible packaging, are you seeing anybody that's competing more on price or maybe you could just flush that out for us a little bit?
Henry J. Theisen: The flexible packaging always has been a very competitive marketplace and it still is. And we see that competitive pricing everyday, where we have to win, as we have to win with our products with the technology, with materials science, with new innovations, and we will and we have in the past, if pricing is not where we have to be and where we want to be, we will walk away from that business.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And I think you mentioned that earlier in your comments that you'd walk away from a product that doesn't meet the pricing objectives. Is there anything in particular that we should think about that isn't meeting the pricing objectives?
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think so. I think we continually try to improve our product mix and we continue to improve what we do and we know we look at our capital and our CapEx and make sure that we only spend on projects that increase the margin and affect the bottom line.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on the acquisition environment, are you seeing anything that looks interesting at this point or is it pretty quiet?
Scott B. Ullem: There's always a lot of deal flow in packaging and this year is no exception. There have been a number of small transactions and we've really been looking at a lot of things more outside of the U.S. than in the U.S. and what we've been looking at is generally fairly small and less than $100 million size range. But we're going to be really disciplined here as we think about external growth because we've got so many opportunities internally with the facilities consolidation program, our world-class manufacturing, focus on pricing. The internal opportunities for us right now are so significant that, that's really we're -- that's really what we're targeting here in 2012. Not to say that we're not going to do acquisitions, but what we're looking at is smaller in size and generally outside of the U.S.
Operator: And it appears we have no further phone questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you very much operator, and thank you, everyone for joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you, all, for joining.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive & Finance Committee
Analysts: Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Benjamin Wong Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division Matthew R. Wooten - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Bemis Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Conference Call. Today is January 25, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to plant closings, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K last year for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I want to begin by recapping our 2011 performance and take some time to talk through our facility consolidation program. In 2011, we continued to successfully integrate our expanded manufacturing footprint and eliminate duplicative specifications. In addition, we successfully acquired Mayor Packaging in China, which gives us a high barrier footprint focused on the growing food packaging market in that region. In December, we bought a small operation in North America that gives us access to the high barrier bulk liquid market from which we intend to expand. These acquisitions both position us to grow in new markets. I am pleased that we were able to accomplish these important strategic actions, and we enter 2012 with a clear path to grow our operating profit in the future on a global basis. During 2011, we faced a number of market challenges that led to unsatisfactory financial performance. I'd like to explain the impact of 3 specific challenges we faced in 2011 and why we feel more confident as we look ahead to 2012 and beyond, namely: dramatic resin price increases, challenging customer pricing terms and volume decline.  First, resin prices increased dramatically during the first half of the year. These increases were related to a number of market pressures, some of which were unique to particularly specialty resins. While commodity resin costs weakened during the second half, offering some relief, our specialty resin costs remained flat. Due to the time lag built into our customer pricing agreements that delays our ability to pass along changes in raw material costs, we realized a decline in our profitability throughout the year. The second major challenge in 2011 was unfavorable price adjustment formulas in certain of our customers' agreements, which delayed our ability to pass along higher raw material costs. We expect to have improved most of our customer pricing agreements to more favorable terms by the end of 2012. Lastly, during the second half of 2011, unit sales volumes softened in high barrier packaging for meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, specialty food products. This volume decrease was modest, and we believe it was related to the consumer response to higher retail prices in the grocery stores. We expect these high barrier packaging volumes to grow modestly in 2012 with the commercialization of new business.  In sales of packaging for applications such as confectionery, snack, bakery, pet food and hygiene products, the decline in unit sales volume during the second half of the year was reflective of a combination of weaker consumer demand and specific pricing actions that we have taken to improve our sales mix to generate higher profits. In the fourth quarter, we began a facility consolidation that includes 3 main categories of activities: plant closings, improved sales mix, rightsizing of administrative work force.  We recently announced the closure of 5 North American facilities. These facilities are smaller in size and, therefore, more expensive to support with appropriate levels of engineering and administrative talent. We are closing 3 legacy Bemis plants and 2 legacy Alcan plants. Production from these facilities is being transferred to more efficient facilities. In North America, Latin America and Europe, we reduced our administrative and production workforce in 2011 to match our workforce to meet current production needs.  Some of the benefits of our facility consolidation program will be reflected in 2012. The majority of the benefits will be recognized beginning in 2013, including improved production efficiency, better sales mix and lower fixed costs. We are also making investments in technologies and geographies where we will continue to see increased demand. In 2012, we will expand our newly acquired facility in China to meet the growing demand from current customers and accommodate the increasing opportunities for our business in that region. In North America, we are also investing in our high barrier thermoformable sheets for barrier cups and trays, where our capacity is nearly sold-out. During the next 12 months, we will improve our expense structure, shut down low margin capacity and increase our production efficiency to drive better performance and cash flow in the future. Now Scott will review the financial results.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will walk through the results of the quarter, as well as the financial details of the facilities consolidation program and then discuss our 2012 guidance. In the fourth quarter of 2011, excluding special charges, adjusted earnings per share was $0.45. This exceeded our guidance of $0.36 to $0.42 per share, as we experienced stronger-than-expected orders in our Mayor Packaging business in China, tight cost controls in Europe, slightly lower polyethylene costs at the end of the quarter and lower-than-expected benefit costs. Looking specifically at the operating results of the quarter and excluding special charges, the 1.7% increase in net sales reflects the impact of the acquisitions of Mayor and Shield Pack.  Comparing our fourth quarter flexible packaging sales to the same quarter of 2010, selling prices were generally higher across the business in response to the significant raw material cost increases that we experienced during the first half of 2011 and passed through to customers in Q4. The impact of higher selling price during the fourth quarter was completely offset by lower unit sales volumes in most product categories across our North American, Latin American and European operations. In North and South America, the volume decrease primarily reflects soft demand trends for certain customer products, including pet food, bakery, confectionery, snacks and health and hygiene products. In Europe, our fixable packaging business experienced double-digit volume declines, while sales mix improved, reflecting our decisions to take pricing action in certain low margin relationships and focus on business that delivers better returns on sales. As a result of these volume trends, operating profit declined in North and South America due principally to lower overhead absorption, while profitability moved higher in our European business, reflecting our improve sales mix and expense control. In total, and excluding the impact of special charges, flexible packaging operating profit was $111.4 million or 9.8% of net sales in 2011 compared to $119.7 million or 10.8% of net sales during the fourth quarter of 2010. During the fourth quarter of 2011, we began a facility consolidation program that resulted in a fourth quarter charge of $38.4 million. This charge is higher than our initial estimate due to our ability to accelerate consolidation activities into the fourth quarter. Of this total, $26.3 million related to employee costs and the remaining $12.1 million was associated with the write-down of fixed assets and the relocation of equipment. The program is expected to be completed by early 2013, and the total estimated cost is expected to be approximately $83 million, including employee-related costs of about $28 million, most of which were included in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned. The remaining $55 million of costs represent charges associated with the write-down of fixed assets, lease termination costs, accelerated depreciation and equipment move costs. Cash payments related to the facility consolidation program are expected to total nearly $60 million, of which $3.1 million was paid in 2011.  Future savings associated with this program are expected to be approximately $40 million per year. A portion of these annualized savings will be recognized during 2012, but we expect increased costs associated with the transition of production to new facilities to offset these savings. The full benefit of the savings is expected to be achieved each year, beginning in 2013. Turning to guidance. We're entering 2012 with some favorable financial momentum. We repurchased 5 million shares of stock in 2011, added earnings from 3 acquisitions, and we plan to refinance a bond with lower-rate commercial paper in the second quarter of 2012. By the end of 2012, we should start to realize some of the benefits of the facilities' closures. But this positive momentum is offset by volume concerns, higher pension expense, a weakening European economic outlook and the expected weaker real. The net result is our 2012 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.05 to $2.20, which excludes the impact of any of the facility consolidation or other special charges. For the first quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.49. Where we will fall in that range will depend on the sales volume levels and the start-up of production moved from closed plants. Our first quarter is generally one of the slowest volume quarters of the year, while the second and third quarters are seasonally stronger. Our first quarter guidance assumes that soft demand conditions continue, but we expect that volumes will increase modestly during the year. As Henry explained, some of the capacity consolidation efforts underway will result in deliberate volume reductions, offsetting the impact of our volume growth in high barrier sales. With respect to raw material costs, our first quarter guidance incorporates the impact of the recent $0.11 polyethylene cost increases announced in the market, and our total year guidance assumes that any other changes in raw material costs will be passed along to customers, which in reality will depend on the timing of the raw material increases. With regard to selling, general and administrative expenses, in 2012, we will record an increase in pension expense of about $15 million, and we will make a pension contribution of $30 million. With this contribution, we maintain pension funded status above 90% for 2012. In October of 2011, we issued a $400 million 10-year bond in advance of our upcoming bond maturity in 2012. The proceeds of that bond issuance were used to reduce our commercial paper balance outstanding. We expect to refinance our $300 million bond that matures in April 2012 using commercial paper, which will lower our interest cost on that debt from about 4.9% to less than 1%. Commercial paper can also be readily repaid, which will allow us to reduce our outstanding debt during 2012. At year-end 2011, our ratio of net debt to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization was 2.3x compared to 1.9x at the end of 2010. Debt increased in connection with approximately $240 million we invested in 3 acquisitions in 2011, which represent high-value strategic moves for Bemis: the repurchase of the outstanding shares of our Dixie Toga subsidiary, the acquisition of Mayor Packaging in China and the acquisition of Shield Pack. Over time, we are managing the balance sheet to a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of about 2x, which is about where we expect to be by the end of 2012. We have remaining board authorization to repurchase up to 4.5 million shares of common stock, which we will do opportunistically in conjunction with our other priorities for capital spending. In 2012, after paying our dividend and funding capital expenditures, our priority is debt reduction. The tax rate we have used for our 2012 guidance is consistent with our 2011 rate of 36.2%. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be close to $230 million in 2012, with capital expenditures at approximately $175 million. Cash flow from operations for the total year 2011 was $416.6 million, a 13.2% increase from 2010. Cash flow from operations for 2012 is expected to be approximately $350 million, which incorporates an estimated $35 million for the facility consolidation program. With our improved expense structure and the completion of our facility consolidation program, we expect cash flow from operations to continue to grow and exceed $500 million by 2014. Our disciplined use of capital will also help drive improvement in our return on capital and shareholder value over the long term. Now operator, we'll be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Al Kabili with Crédit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just, I guess, on the consolidation activity. It sounds like you ramped this up a decent amount versus what you discussed on the third quarter call, and maybe you can just talk about some of the factors there, one. And two, what is that in terms of capacity? I know you're adding some in areas where it's growing. But what does that mean to your footprint in terms of capacity, in terms of what you're reducing on this footprint?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first of all, we did substantially move forward and accelerate the closing of these facilities. As we looked through spec consolidations, where best to move things, we could see a clear path towards eliminating some additional costs associated with running these facilities. Our capacity in the areas that we want to grow, namely those around our high barrier packaging and those which provide convenience features for our customers, is in good shape. We have -- this will add -- we will have good capacity for those. We are taking down capacity in those more competitive areas where it's really just a converting operation. And we'll be in good shape in our higher barrier resin-type business.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up to Scott. Just on the outlook. So we've got flat volumes. We've got some pension headwinds. Shares are down. How -- can you just help us bridge what's driving the EPS growth with the flat volumes and the resin headwind in the first quarter? Is it all on the cost savings and the acquisitions that you've recently done?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, little of it is the cost savings from the facilities consolidation program because that really won't start kicking in until later in 2012 and really get the full benefits in 2013. But the improvement is really relating to pricing actions we've taken in lower-margin business and an improved price mix profile for our flexible packaging business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Philip Ng with Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The guidance you guys -- I mean, the color you guys provided on volumes were helpful. I mean, I guess, the first half, it makes sense things are down a bit. But what's really driving the incremental improvement over the course of the year? Because if you're down probably mid-single digits and being flat for the year, what's driving the growth in the back half?
Henry J. Theisen: Are you asking about volume growth in the back half?
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, on the volume growth. I mean, I'm assuming Q4 volumes were down roughly mid-single digits for flexible, and it sounds like in the first half things are still going to be a little soft. If you're guiding flat volumes for the full year, that would imply that things are improving in the back half. I just want to get some color on that.
Henry J. Theisen: No, we have strong demand growth for our acquisition in China. We are started investing in that, so we expect to see some volume growth coming from that acquisition that we made earlier in 2011. On the other end, we do have good new product growth. I tried to point that out in some of our rigid sheet lines, such things as creamers, which we weren't in before, pudding cups, Jell-O cups. All those areas where we're investing in our higher barrier areas are showing excellent growth. We also got good growth in our core meat and cheese programs. We're coming out with new products and new convenience features for our customers. So we do have good growth in those regions, then the regions of China. We have some excellent growth in the U.S. in the high barrier area.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then can you give me some color on how demand is tracking? What’s your outlook for Lat Am? I know that was a market that you flagged. Part of that was related to the current [indiscernible] come in a bit. I just wanted to get some thoughts on the market in particular.
Henry J. Theisen: We still expect to have good growth in Latin America. It isn't what it has been in the past. The growth of Brazil, for instance, has flattened somewhat. It used to be pretty at high single digits, and now it's down in the low to mid-digits. So it'll be down a little bit from where it has been in the past, but we still expect to see growth in that area. And we have been investing in, again, as the middle-class grows and more products want to come to market with the same kind of convenience and food safety and barrier properties and extended shelf life that we have technology -- we have transferred substantial technology over the last couple of years into Brazil to meet that demand. So we expect to have good solid growth in the region -- in the areas that we want to grow our business.
Scott B. Ullem: Philip, I'd also just add, that good solid growth is in real, and we expect a weakening real over time. So the improvement in growth in Dixie Toga will be a little bit masked by currency.
Operator: We'll take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Benjamin Wong: It's actually Benjamin Wong, filling in for George. He was on another call. First question is on guidance. For the first quarter, it looks like you're largely guiding in line with current street estimates, but the full year guidance appears a bit below. Realizing these are bottoms of forecasts and you don’t manage the business according to Street expectations, what considerations make you potentially more cautious on 2012?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, you're right. We can't comment on what the forecasts were for 2012. What we can say is we feel good about the business and specifically the expense structure and the plant footprint that we are working to put in place. The real concern that we have is just overall volumes. And as we look at what our customers and other companies are saying, we just -- we haven't baked in a lot of confidence in what the volume outlook may look like as we get into 2012.
Benjamin Wong: Okay. The second question is around resin. Did you get any benefit from resin in the fourth quarter? And are you expecting any benefit for the first quarter? And I guess, any update on the specialty resin side would be helpful. I think you mentioned that your guidance includes polyethylene commodity increases, but anything you could comment on the specialty side would be helpful.
Henry J. Theisen: In the fourth quarter, we did get some benefit on drop in pricing on polyethylene resins. And that would've occurred really in our polyethylene division, where the time lag from when the resin goes in place to when it is actually passed on to the consumer, mostly because it is a very straightforward business of making film and then printing it and selling it. It doesn't have the work in process and the complications of some of our higher barrier operations. So those resins flow through better. So we got a little bit of a bump, a little -- more than we expected in the fourth quarter in that small segment of our business, in that specific segment of our business. We know -- do know that there are announced price increases. We will start to feel some of those effects, I think, late first quarter. We could have a little bit of carryover of the reduction in polyethylene prices into the first part, but I think that's going to kind of neutralize itself. As far as long-term, specialty resins, we have in our guidance here for the full year that they will be relatively flat. My only comment I can make to you is we follow benzene prices, and a lot of benzene -- cost to benzene drives a lot of those specialty resins. And it has some upward momentum, so I don't know how that's all going to play out.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions for you. First, if I could -- I want to follow up on a previous question because this is maybe what we're trying to all get at. You're walking away from some business, but yet, Henry, when you spoke earlier, I think to Phil's question, you talked about a lot of terrific areas in higher barrier where you're seeing growth. And I guess, what I want to try to balance is -- and I recognize this is challenging to do, but if embedded into a full year of flat volume assumption, are you walking away from 3% volume and you're thinking the other businesses are growing 3 or -- how would we think about that balance? That's what we're trying to get at.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think, overall, if you want to just take some of things -- the overall -- all the markets we feel are going to be volume challenged for the year, overall. We're not walking away from substantial amounts of business. It's small segmented parts of business that just don't fit our long-term strategy. It's not a great big number that we’re trying to overcome with some high barrier growth that's going to occur later in the year.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Second question I had was, I think, earlier you guys commented that you're kind of in the middle innings of one of your initiatives with Alcan. Part of that acquisition was to improve pricing a few hundred basis points -- or to improve margins a few hundred basis points via pricing. It sounds like the actions here on restructuring are more addressing the fixed cost base and the manufacturing footprint. Is everything on track with the pricing side of the story as well? That -- I just want to make sure as we're talking about the opportunity, I think you guys called out 40-or-so million of op income or something in the neighborhood of $0.34, that it will help on the earnings basis, that these 2 are mutually exclusive events. Or have they kind of been combined here?
Henry J. Theisen: First off, on pricing, we still expect to see, and we will see, and I think we are, as we renew some of these contracts. And especially your opportunity on pricing is really related to ruling out new products and innovations, and that's really what Bemis is good at. So as each one of these new product come up, they help to drive that margin improvement that we have overall in our business. What happened, and I don't think that many people can really see how well we've done with this because the raw material increases in the first half of 2011 were so great and so large that they took so much of that away from us. So I think we still have a goal, and we still will make where we increase those margins to the Bemis levels of pre-Alcan.
Operator: We'll go next to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Matthew R. Wooten - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's Matt Wooten, sitting in for Ghansham today. Within flexible packaging, do you attribute any of the volume decline to inventory destocking or any of it to market share loss? Or is it just end customer demand remains weak?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think there is anything in there that relates to market share lossing, other than in the areas where we felt it was necessary to make some pricing decisions. I really can't say if it's a destocking or if it's just over -- less demand in the retail area. But it is not loss of market share, other than in areas where we have decided to take pricing.
Operator: We'll go next to Usha Guntupalli with Goldman Sachs.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you comment on your 2012 EPS impact from recent acquisitions that you're factoring into your guidance?
Scott B. Ullem: We have not -- we are not breaking out guidance on Shield Pack and Mayor Packaging acquisitions. They will be modestly helpful to the overall earnings that we expect to generate in 2012. But we're just not going to break out earnings by acquisition going forward.
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, helpful. And a quick follow-up. Could you also comment on your outlook for 2012 price cost differential? You talked about your cost estimates for resin prices, but how do we think about the price cost differential based on the timing of contracts?
Melanie E. R. Miller: You're talking about as you look at planning sales growth from year-over-year and how much is price? Or whether or not we can pass along cost changes into our prices?
Usha Chundru Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, passing along cost changes into price in 2012.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we expect that if raw material prices remain less volatile than they were last year, we expect that we're going to be able to pass through price increases during the course of the year to our customers. And that's the assumption that we've baked into our guidance for the year. What happened last year, as Henry mentioned, is prices spiked quickly, and we were not able to us along the prices realtime to customers until later in the year. But again, we're hoping for a moderated raw material price environment for 2012 that we'll be able to pass through to customers.
Operator: We'll go next Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can give any perspective on whether you're getting any better visibility in customer inventory levels in emerging markets. Are you getting a better picture on what's going on from a destocking and stocking standpoint?
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think we have any real accurate information to give you on that.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Do you see some hope that you're going to be able to get better visibility in the channel over time?
Scott B. Ullem: I think it stands to reason that we should get better visibility as the retail and distribution systems evolve and mature in places like Asia, where there's not as good of as -- for example, they don't have a scanner data and check-out data the way we would have here in the U.S. So we would hope so, but I think we're not expecting that anytime soon.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: How about in Brazil?
Scott B. Ullem: In Brazil, we've got better -- we got a better lens into going on, but it's Brazil and Argentina. And in Brazil, it's both domestic demand but also export from Brazil into other South American countries. And so it's a little obfuscated, and again, we don't have as good a beat on it as we might in the U.S.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tom Mullarkey with Morningstar.
Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: My question is, can you remind us what the percent of sales mix is in Brazil and Latin America that you get from higher margin, high-barrier products as compared to what you typically find in the United States? And how do you see that mix shift changing over the next few years?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Sure. I'll take that one. In Brazil, we actually get a large portion of our business in the dairy and liquid and confectionery and snacks cookie-cracker market. There's a lot of yogurt sales there, and we are a big provider to that market and ice cream packages, things like that. So there are some refrigerated foods, but it's really not the meat and cheese business that we have here in the U.S. When we look at our North American business, roughly 25% to 30% of our sales in North America are into meat and cheese markets and then an additional, say, 10% to 12% in dairy and liquids. And those are refrigerated products that are high barrier, higher-margin, good business for us that we invest in heavily. On the Brazil side, those are still small. The meat and cheese is less than 10% of their total sales. And while dairy and liquids is important to them, there's still opportunity for that to grow in the future. So as we move forward, as Henry said, we're making investments in moving some of our high-barrier technology down to Brazil in order to ensure that we have the right capacity to match those volumes as they continue to grow over the next couple of years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take a follow-up question from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Matthew R. Wooten - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: We were just wondering if the increased CapEx in 2012, I think it's $40 million or so, is that equally split between China, Brazil and North America?
Scott B. Ullem: No, it's not equally split. What we're doing is investing in additional capacity to fuel will our high-barrier business in developed regions like the U.S. And in China, with this new acquisition, the Mayor Packaging, we're really just building capacity because our business there is growing so nicely. In Brazil, yes, it is investment in the higher end, higher-barrier capacity.
Operator: And we'll take another follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Benjamin Wong: It's Ben again. Scott, do you have the pension expense in 2011?
Scott B. Ullem: In 2011?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Pension expense in 2011 is -- I don't have the total global balance, but it's somewhere in the $35 million range.
Benjamin Wong: Okay. Great. And then you gave the cash outlay for restructuring. I think you said $60 million overall. You gave the 2011 and 2012 number. Can we assume the balance of that, which is like $20 million, that would go out in 2013?
Scott B. Ullem: That's right.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Yes, that's the plan right now.
Benjamin Wong: Okay. And then final question is, it seems like the product strategy you're favoring is more value add, higher-margin products which presumably use more specialty resins. Does anything need to be done differently with the way your contracts are set up now to pass through specialty resin costs?
Henry J. Theisen: No, no, not anything that would be specific the specialty resin costs. I think it's just something for overall, all of our pricing agreements. We need to try to find ways to reduce the time lag involved in passing those on, and that's consistent across all of our pricing agreements.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us a quick update on FreshCase, where you are with that? I know you had approval, but I think it's been in customer testing. Is there any anticipation for that in 2012 to be -- we can start seeing it on shelves in a major way or…
Henry J. Theisen: I think you're going to seeing it on shelves in the second half of the year. Not in a major way, but you're going to start seeing it on shelves. In fact, it is out there with one product application now. And I think we've got a couple that are going to start up in midsummer. So you'll see it out on the shelves but not in a big way yet.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Albert Kabili with Crédit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Henry, I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit more on the new commercial product introductions in 2012. How much extra sales or volume do these products add, as well?
Henry J. Theisen: They all start out pretty slow, and they gradually grow. And the ones that we -- I really can't talk about the ones that are in our customers' plans right now that we're working with them. But the ones that are out there, an example of that would be the ketchup package we have, the Dip and Squeeze with Heinz. It has been very successful for us, and now it's entering the retail area. We brought out new products that get into creamers that are really expanding. Our rigid applications that get into like cups for coffee, other ways to display coffee, are growing. I really can't put a number on every year what exactly that would be for you, but it is substantial.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up is just as the cash flow from ops ramps up to that $500 million by 2014, any sense of sort of the balance of the incremental cash flow, which way that would go in terms of share repurchases versus increasing the dividends?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Our philosophy and discipline around application and cash flow really hasn't changed. Number one, we're going to continue to fund an increasing dividend. Two, we will continue to fund higher-return internal organic growth initiatives. Three, acquisitions. And then four and five is really just striking a balance between debt and equity, and we're managing towards about a 2x debt-to-equity ratio over time.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Debt to EBITDA.
Scott B. Ullem: Excuse me, debt to EBITDA over time. And so I think we'll look at opportunistic share repurchase opportunities at a minimum to repurchase dilution from incentive compensation and then beyond that as our balance sheet and our leverage and the market price for our stock permit.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, as a follow-up to that, Scott, if I heard it right, you purchased 5 million shares in the fourth quarter?
Melanie E. R. Miller: No, no.
Scott B. Ullem: No, in 2011.
Melanie E. R. Miller: In all of 2011.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Got it. Okay. Okay, got it. And then a follow-up on the M&A front, what's the pipeline looking like in terms of bolt-on acquisitions?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. There's a lot of deal activity now and really generally in packaging. There is relatively less opportunity for high-quality, value-added barrier film technology, which is what we're really focused on. And so we're going to be fairly disciplined about acquisitions. I think we'll err on the side of smaller-sized deals, not larger-sized deals. We're pleased with the 3 that we completed in 2011. But beyond that, we really can't predict what we're going to be doing on the acquisitions front.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Actually, I was on earlier and couldn't get the question in. But I want you to clear up something that maybe others are pretty clear on, and that is you mentioned the $100 million in savings you expect from the facilities consolidation that you started in the fourth quarter. And then I know you mentioned the $0.24 or $40 million in savings. And I just -- is that $100 million sort of a cumulative amount of savings over a number of years? Or how do you reconcile those 2?
Scott B. Ullem: It is. That's really $100 million over the next couple of years. But the way to think about it is that $40 million run rate that we mentioned.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. So it would be something a lot less than that because of the implementation this year, and then $40 million in ‘13, and then by -- certainly by '15 at some point, you will have achieved the $100 million?
Henry J. Theisen: That's exactly right.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. Okay. You mentioned in Europe you had a greater than 20% volume decline because of mix changes that you all chose. And of course, you still saw some benefit with EBIT rising. Could you just give us an idea on 2 levels: what kind of products or markets are you leaving, and therefore, what are you more or less emphasizing? And I guess, it's the heavier barrier film world, but could you be a little more specific about what you're doing differently in Europe than you were before?
Henry J. Theisen: In Europe, we had some pieces of business that were low barrier type business, just rigid monolayer business, where you really didn't add any value with any barrier technology. And those were very, very competitive pieces of business, and we decided that the best thing to do there is just let someone else service that business.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. [Operator Instructions]. And we have no further questions from the phone audience at this time.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. And we look forward to seeing you hopefully at a conference over the next several months.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We'd like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry J. Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Independent Director
Analysts: Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Chris Maxwell George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Today is October 26, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to plant closings, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filing, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. The third quarter results were within our range of EPS guidance. Although volumes weakened as the quarter progressed, limiting our performance to the low end of the range. The results vary from region to region, so I will go through the details by geography.  In North American Flexible Packaging, we experienced lower volumes in most of our market categories. These mirrors the softening demand experienced by our customers in the product categories that we serve. In Latin America, we experienced substantial volume declines as our customers responded to the slowing economy. In addition, with the Brazilian currency weakening by nearly 10% during the quarter, raw material imports to that region became more expensive. In response, domestic suppliers took the opportunity to increase their prices to match this currency move. This created an unexpected increase in raw material costs in our Latin American operations and will put downward pressure on our operating margins during the fourth quarter as products are shipped. This is the only region of the world where we are still seeing meaningful increases in raw material costs. We raised prices in our European food Flexible Packaging business in response to increased raw material costs and reduced volume in more competitive products due to a combination of pricing and challenging economic conditions. I am pleased to see that the result of these actions, sales mix and operating margins in this region have improved. In our pressure sensitive materials business, our roll label commodity product line continues to have volume challenges in this difficult economy. New products are helping to offset this impact. Since early June, raw material costs in North America and Europe have been generally stable. This gave us a chance to adjust our selling prices during the third quarter to reflect these increased costs. We have experienced some minor raw material cost decreases recently but expect costs to remain stable for the rest of the year. With volumes down and not expected to improve before 2012, our management teams are working aggressively to reduce costs and adjust our workforce levels where necessary to meet lower production needs for the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter is historically a slower time for us, with most of the holiday-related food packaging shipments occurring by the end of October. November, December volume level with fewer shipping days reflect the slower seasonal demand of the winter months and result in lower fixed cost absorption during the period. This year, we do not expect the month of October to reflect the normal seasonal volume strength. Our lower guidance for the fourth quarter and the total year has incorporated these lower volume trends. Customer feedback leads us to believe this to be a short-term trend and not a permanent change in volume levels. We experienced a similar decline during 2007 and during the fourth quarter of 2008, when consumers were forced to tighten their belts and adjust their grocery spending.  In each case, we found that our North American customers responded to these market conditions by introducing new products to regain consumer attention. These new products each represented an opportunity for Bemis to gain new business, reset price points and improve sales mix with value-added products. As I mentioned, after the first quarter, our customers have been working on new products at a steady pace since our Food Americas acquisition, tapping into our new capabilities and taking the opportunity to reinvigorate the innovation process. One example that we have been touting for months is the Dip & Squeeze product, which is benefiting from a successful marketing initiative; stable, quick service restaurant demand levels; and their new retail version for the grocery store. In the food service business, our Liquiflex, 13-layer high barrier film is generating sales and opportunities as a replacement of the number 10 can.  Switching to our medical device packaging business, we have developed for 2 key customers a high-barrier film used to package the new drug-eluting stents introduced into the U.S. and European markets in 2011. In our press release this morning, we commented on new optimization initiatives that will result in workforce reductions and several small plant closings. We also expect to incur costs related to this optimization initiatives through 2012. I'll let Scott get into more of the financial details, but these activities will generate savings and operating profit beginning in the first quarter of 2012. Lastly, I want to mention that we acquired a Chinese flexible packaging business during the third quarter, Mayor Packaging. This edition provides our Asia-Pacific footprint with more complex food packaging capabilities including standup pouches and retort technology. This is a great complement to our existing medical device and shrink bag capabilities in that region. The operations are well-capitalized and offer room for expansion in the future as we grow our presence in the Asian food packaging markets. 2012 continues to be a challenging year, bookended by dramatic raw material cost increases during the first half and meaningful lower volume levels during the second half. While it is disappointing to have accomplished so much in the business with so little to show for it in the bottom line, we are keenly focused on the successful execution of initiatives that will drive us toward our goal of improving operating performance and growth in the future.  Now I'll turn it over to Scott for his comments on the financials.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.53, which included $0.03 of transaction-related costs associated with our Mayor Packaging acquisition. This adjusted EPS of $0.56 was $0.01 less than last year's third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.57. The increase in net sales of 4.9% reflects 2.3% increase due to currency translation, 1% from the addition of new sales from Mayor Packaging, our recent China acquisition, and the balance from higher selling prices, which were partially offset by lower volumes compared to the same quarter of last year. On average, this quarter's volumes decreased by mid-single-digits versus last year's third quarter. Gross profit margin decreased both compared to last year's third quarter and to this year's second quarter. While we have been passing along to customers the raw material cost increases from the first half of the year, gross margins continued to be under pressure as lower production volumes reduced fixed cost absorption. Selling, general and administrative expenses were down sequentially from the second quarter of 2011, due principally to the reversal of incentive compensation accruals. Our effective income tax rate year-to-date was 36.2%, down from the 36.5% rate for the first half of the year. This resulted in an effective tax rate of 35.5% for the third quarter. Note that net income attributable to Bemis is higher this quarter due to the successful repurchase of preferred shares of our South American operations on July 13. This is reflected in the line item net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which this quarter is only the $348,000 of minority income for the first couple of weeks of the quarter and in future quarters will be 0. Looking at the balance sheet, working capital balances remained higher than they were at the end of 2010, but have come down by over $50 million since the high at the end of the second quarter. Working capital balances should continue to decline during the fourth quarter as higher-priced inventories shipped and receivables are collected. Net debt to latest 12 months adjusted EBITDA was 2.4x at the end of the third quarter. We have used our balance sheet to fund 2 growth acquisitions, Mayor Packaging and all the preferred shares of our Brazilian operations. We also repurchased an additional 1.2 million shares of Bemis common stock during the third quarter for $38 million, bringing the total repurchased in 2011 to 5 million shares. The remaining share repurchase authorization at September 30 was 4.5 million shares. Cash flow from operating activities for the third quarter was a record $169 million, reflecting the benefits of the decrease in working capital levels. Short term, we intend to use our future cash flow to repay our $300 million bond that matures in April of 2012. Turning to guidance, guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.36 to $0.42, bringing total year guidance to $1.90 to $1.96. This does not include severance charges in the range of $0.04 per share. These workforce reductions alone will create annualized savings of about $0.06 per share beginning in 2012. There will likely be additional charges associated with plant closings through 2012. However, the timing and total costs of those actions have not been finalized. We will provide more specific details for you in our year-end conference call on January 26.  In summary, we are facing volume headwinds in our business. But we have gone through short-term periods like this before. We have a resilient business model, a strong competitive position and opportunities to improve operational efficiencies. We feel positive about 2012 and look forward to laying out our full year guidance in January.  Now we'll take any questions you have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions for you on volume and SKUs. The first one, if I look back at '07, it took about 4 quarters for you to turn positively on a volume basis. This quarter, you were down -- second quarter, you were down. So should we assume that maybe you have another couple of quarters including the fourth before you turn positive on volume?
Henry J. Theisen: We had concerns from our customers which we talked about at the end of the second quarter conference call. Our customers continue to express those concerns. We've seen them turn into facts, so that's why we're guiding that way for the fourth quarter. What's going to happen in the first part of next year, I really don't know how our volumes will turn. It’ll be mostly based on what goes on in the macroeconomic conditions and how the end-use purchaser of food products responds to this climate.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. Appreciate the color, Henry. I guess the other question I had, as you analyze your businesses and really here, I mean, within flexible packaging, what percentage of the portfolio do you think right now is actually burning your cost of capital, what percentage of the portfolio isn't? And what actions, you mentioned some plant closings, what actions do you think you might take to remediate the portion of the portfolio that's not earning the margin return that you should deliver for your investors?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first off, the small plant closings that we're going to be doing through the course of 2012 aren't really related to the volumes that we see. What we're really seeing is, as we've talked about, we want to optimize our footprint and put the specifications into the best-running facilities, so we get the highest margin and the most productivity. So as we look through and we optimize our specifications, that generates activity to move business into other facilities where we'll have a higher return on that business. And also as we work through, as we talked about our world-class manufacturing, we're opening up some additional space in various facilities that we're going to take advantage of. So the small plant closings are not related to really the volumes. It's related to the opportunities we've generated through specification consolidation and through world-class manufacturing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The 5% -- the mid-single-digit volume decline you touched on, how does that split between flexible packaging and PSM, and I'm sorry if I missed that, if you broke that out?
Melanie E. R. Miller: That's okay. Flexible packaging is -- well, flexible packaging is 90% of the company, so it’s pretty much for flexible packaging. PSM was down high single-digits as far as volume. So volume was a little bit worse there, but completely offset by a year-over-year price mix improvement.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. And on the flexible packaging, just sort of based on what Henry's commentary was on the customers, what the customers are saying at this point, is there any deviation in trend between private label and branded? And also, can you just touch on whether you lost any market share during the quarter in North America?
Henry J. Theisen: As we said in the past, we really don't care whether it's a private label or a branded product. We really didn't see any big switch from branded to private label. Things were pretty consistently down across the board in both categories. And as far as market share, as I talk to our key operating guys, we're not noticing where we would say we've lost market share. We do have, in our more commodity or competitive-driven areas, we lose business and we win business. And sometimes, it affects the quarter, sometimes you get it back in the next quarter, but I don't see any different trends as far as losing market share or losing business than we see in our overall day-to-day business.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: As we look into the fourth quarter, are you seeing higher levels of competitive pressure? And is that being translated into lower pricing? Or is this -- or is pricing holding up and this is all a volume effect?
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it's all volume effect. We've worked very hard and diligently to get the first half raw material increases passed through our customers, and I think we've done an excellent job in doing that. What we see really is pretty much across the board volume concerns, all related to the price of food.
James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay, that helps. Sorry, appreciate it. And just to dive into the small plant closures, are there any regions that you see most of those closures happening, heavier or just more in certain regions?
Henry J. Theisen: No, they're going to be spread around. We're going to have closings in North America, South America, Europe. It's really a global effect. It's not concentrated in one region.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Was wondering if you could give a little bit of assessment as you've reflected than what you've seen out of Brazil in currency volatility, et cetera. Is it changing at all, how you're approaching the business? Is there anything that can be done that will mitigate some of the volatility that we have seen over the last year currency-wise?
Henry J. Theisen: That's a good question, because the currency changes that we saw in the third quarter have affected our performance. And also, the just overall Brazilian economy slowing down has affected our operations. As we got together at the end of the second quarter and put together our guidance, we really did not expect to see the Brazilian economy slow as it has, nor did we factor in the currency effects. So it did affect our third quarter performance, and it's part of our fourth quarter guidance. The slowing economy in Brazil has affected our volumes, more so than we had planned at the end of the second quarter. And the currency effects, it's kind of strange because the currency effects have a change of about 10% with most of -- a lot of our raw materials being imported drastically increased the price of the raw materials and then the Brazilian manufacturers of competitive products also increased price to match this currency effect on imports. And in all parts of the world, we really caught up on the raw material increases of the first half of the year. This is kind of a unique situation now where our Brazilian operations have to deal with both the volumes and the currency effect raising the raw material costs.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Be careful what we wish for, right?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, be careful of what you wish for.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc., Research Division: Is there anything that can be done contractually in some of that input costing, or are you pretty well there and it's just a matter of dealing with the volatility we got right now?
Henry J. Theisen: In our Brazilian and our Latin American really don't operate on contracts as much of the North American. So it's more of a day-to-day negotiation or an order-to-order, and our management team in Latin America understands where they operate, and they're out pushing these raw material increases through as best they can, and I'm sure they’ll be very successful as they have shown to be in the past.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Asha Nampapali [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Unknown Analyst - : Could you comment on your outlook for use of free cash flow going forward as to the priority of using it for reducing leverage or share repurchase as [indiscernible] increases?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Short term, our priority for cash flow is to repay the $300 million 4 7/8% bond that matures in April 2012. Longer term and over time, our priorities for use of cash flow remain the same. And in order to pay a continually increasing dividend to fund internal growth initiatives, to fund acquisitions as they present themselves and as we make strategic decisions to acquire businesses and grow externally and then to balance our capital structure between share repurchase on an opportunistic basis and managing our debt levels.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Maxwell with Wells Fargo.
Chris Maxwell: A couple questions for you. Let's start with on the restructuring side, and I appreciate you may not have disclosed this to all of workers or things yet, that you don't want to get specifically into -- too deep in the numbers but can you give us a sense as to what you're undertaking here in 4Q as a percentage of workforce perhaps or how that’ll impact your utilization, and then also give us a sense as to what you're contemplating for 2012, just orders of magnitude of what it could be, and also appreciating that you may not fully know how big you want to do yet but just some sense of magnitude as to what the bookends are that you're contemplating for restructuring and perhaps if it makes sense, what that might do to your utilization levels?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, Chris. First, it's not a restructuring. We're optimizing our operations and there are really 2 components to it. One is we are reducing workforce in the low single-digit percent of total employees, and so making some surgical rightsizings in the workforce that we have in place around the world. Second, we are going to address some small-sized production facilities to help optimize our operational efficiencies, and those will take place over the next several quarters. As we consolidate operations, move equipment -- consolidate the operations that are being closed and move equipment -- relocate equipment and production and we'll give you a better sense of how those charges and benefits are going to flow through in our January call.
Chris Maxwell: Okay. That's helpful. And the second question I had was around -- I appreciate that you don't know how long volumes are going to remain challenging or things of that nature. But from your conversations and discussions with your customers, have they -- has there been any change in their appetite for product conversion or new product launches, i.e., have they perhaps scaled back the size of any launches, delayed any launches? Or is it still all systems go in terms of looking to develop and look at new products. Just some sense of color as to what the customer mindset would be helpful?
Henry J. Theisen: I’ve ventured this a number of times where you have some macroeconomic conditions that affect volumes, and our customers recognize that packaging really drives a lot of opportunities for them and they have to differentiate themselves on the marketplace. And as you enter these times, I think the product development activities actually pick up because you're competing more and more for that same purchase. A good example of that is our Dip & Squeeze, which has come out now and which is growing and is – you’d think nothing would happen with ketchup, but it is generating a lot of sales in the ketchup arena. And so I think that's a good example and I really believe when you hit these areas, new products are what customers look for because it helps differentiate from everybody else in the marketplace.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Also Chris, the fact that this is, to some degree, driven by the increased food prices in the grocery stores, our customers do tend to use new products or they tend to repackage their products in order to try and make the food prices increases more palatable and introduce new products in order to create value for customers at this higher price.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Mullarkey with Morningstar.
Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I was hoping that you could maybe expand a little bit on the Mayor Packaging acquisition. If you look in the coming years, will you be looking to gain additional scale in China, either through additional M&A? Or is this an acquisition where you can maybe make additional capital investments in the coming years? And also, what does Mayor Packaging's existing product mix and customer mix look like?
Henry J. Theisen: Mayor Packaging, I think, was a very strategic move for us. We all know that the Asia Pacific rim is growing. We have been looking for a good entry where you can get a base to grow your business. We've acquired, I think, an excellent operational team, excellent management, and hopefully, they'll be just like our people in Brazil and help us grow the business. We intend to continue to invest in that part of the world. We think we have a base where we can move some of our higher technology products that get into packaging proteins. I think we can grow our medical business on this foundation. So we hope to expand or we plan to expand both the markets that they service, which are in the retort area and the pouch area, as well as implant some of our technologies that will allow Mayor Packaging to grow in the protein and the medical device in pharma business. So I look at it both ways.
Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And could you provide additional commentary on how the FreshCase film trials have been going in the second of the year thus far?
Henry J. Theisen: Our FreshCase trials continue to go well. We are getting more and more people interested in it. Unfortunately, it takes a while to go through all the shelf life testing that's required, but we are starting to generate miniscule sales, and I'm going to call them almost like trial orders. But it's generating a lot of activity and I think we'll start to get some traction in FreshCase in 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: With demand coming down a little bit, do you have a sense of CapEx is going to shake out next year?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, Philip, we do not have our CapEx plans finalized yet for 2012. We're still in the range of about $125 million for 2011. Our depreciation and amortization is up around $215 million, and over time, you should expect that CapEx will get closer to depreciation and amortization. But for the foreseeable future, it will be less than that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And it sounds like the pricing initiative is still going through, so you're not seeing any pushbacks that used to come out [ph]. Has the competitive landscape changed a bit where you’re having a more difficult time pushing pricing through?
Henry J. Theisen: I think that our ability to push the pricing through that we saw from the raw material increases and commodity increases in the first half of the year went very well. I think it went just like some of the others that we've experienced in the past. Customers always want to push back and we know when you have raw material costs that make up 50% of your selling cost, you have to get those through or you cannot stay alive. And our operating guys and our sales force and our marketing people know that very well, and push hard to drive those through.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So just looking at the implied guidance for the fourth quarter, it's called 1/3 worse than what we thought 3 months ago. And as I just listened to the various drivers here, it sounds, again, based on the comments you just made, Henry, that price cost presumably is getting at least close to, or caught up in the fourth quarter. You mentioned earlier that the new product spending and the focus from customers remains reasonably favorable so I would imagine that bodes well for mix. So just coming back to the volumes, you had a quasi-competitor today, who does play even more in kind of away from home channel, had kind of volumes that were flat to down 1%. And then -- so I'm just trying to get my arms around where you think the volumes are going? And going back to the earlier comments about market share and I know that's hard to really get at, but can you maybe expand on that where you think -- I guess, why the conditions have been so much worse than you thought just 3 months ago?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, there are a couple different influences on our current volume trends. One is just macroeconomic conditions and what the consumer behavior has done, which is weakening the volumes at the retailer level. Second is that we're in a seasonal period where fourth quarter is usually relatively weaker for us. Third, all of our customers in the supply chain has gotten exceptionally tight at this point in the year. And so that's constricting volumes as well, which has some year-end effect to it that will not -- that we expect will not be the case when we get into 2012. And then in Brazil, the volumes have fallen precipitously from where they were just a couple of months ago. So those are at least 4 volume trends that are different now than they were earlier this year.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And staying on the flexible business, looks as though margins here will fall below double digits for the first time, in our model anyway since back to the early '90s. Do you think, and I appreciate the impact from Alcan, as well as some of the other investments you've been making. But is there anything structural that you would point out that would limit you guys to, say look into 2012 and I know you're not giving guidance, but that you'd caution in terms of not getting back to double-digits next year based on the way the world looks today?
Henry J. Theisen: No. The arithmetic on the percentage margin always goes down in a rising raw material environment because we protect our operating profit dollars, but we see no reason why over time, we're not going to be able to continue to improve our overall operating profit margins and our flexible profit margin -- flexible packaging profit margins as part of that.
Operator: And we'll now take a follow-up from George Staphos.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had to jump off and get on another call, but I want to come back to the question I had asked earlier, Henry. So to the extent that you evaluate your portfolio within flexible, and to the extent that you've done this analysis, what portion right now is not earning a margin commensurate with what you think it should or is earning cost of capital?
Scott B. Ullem: George, it's Scott. Look, we look at return on invested capital very carefully. And we look at it by a couple different angles, whether it's geography, customer, type of product line. But we really don't get into talking through publicly, relative returns. What I can say is, it's increasingly important, it's one of the reasons why you've seen our capital expenditures be very disciplined over the last couple of years, and we are continuing to look at businesses where we can achieve over the intermediate term, an attractive return on capital because as we think about it, with every dollar of cash that we have to spend, we can invest it on -- in a whole number of different ways, ranging from internal growth investments, external growth investments, managing our balance sheet and that's just the way we have to approach disciplined use of our cash flow.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I guess that's helpful. On corporate expense, you've done a nice job of taking that down. Do you think there's any further room to bring that down, Scott or Henry, from the $8 million [ph] run rate in the third quarter?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, we are obviously, focused on corporate expense, which is the reason why we're taking some of these actions both in the field and at corporate. I think that SG&A expenses will probably go up again a little bit in the fourth quarter. But over time, it's something that we're looking very closely at.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you very much. This ends our conference call. Thanks, all, for joining us for today.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Independent Director
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Benjamin Wong Stewart Scharf - S&P Equity Research Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc. James Armstrong - Henry Armstrong Associates Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Bemis Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our second quarter 2011 conference call. Today is July 27, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for the call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trend, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I get into the details of our business initiatives and expectations for the rest of the year, I'd first like to update you on the challenges that our industry is facing in 2011.  Since October of 2010, we have experienced steady increases in raw material cost, especially resin and film used for our packaging business, including steep increases in Specialty Materials in the months of February and, again, in May. At this point, it appears that the momentum of these broad raw material cost increases have subsided as costs have been fairly stable in June and July.  Our business model is designed to meet this type of challenge by responding in a scheduled way, with selling price adjustments that offset the dollar impact of the raw material cost increases. As we have explained in the past, there is a time lag for selling prices to be adjusted to incorporate cost increases, and we expect all of our adjustments to be in place on or before the start of the fourth quarter.  The second challenge that our industry is facing is a threat of lower consumer demand for products that use our packaging. This is not related to the increase in our raw material costs but more directly is related to inflation in the cost of food ingredients. Food ingredients compromise a much larger portion of the retail cost of our product than our packaging does. And with meaningful price increases facing retail consumers, our customers have publicly expressed concern about the potential impact on demand for their products. At Bemis, our North American volumes were healthy in the first quarter and above average overall for the second quarter with some softening late in the second quarter. In light of the commentary from our customers, we are expecting volumes for the second half of 2011 to be a few percent lower than the comparable volume from 2010.  In Brazil, our rigid packaging operations have been dealing with substantial volatility in the cost of polypropylene, their main raw material, which is affecting our profit margins. In Mexico, we trimmed our volumes in 2010 to restore the region to profitability. As a result, while volumes are considerably lower this year compared to last year, the business is now profitable compared to last year when it was operating at a loss. We continue to be pleased with the progress and performance of our operations in Mexico and look forward to its continued growth in both sales and profit margins. Our European operations continue to meet the challenges of their very competitive environment, with renewed focus on World Class Manufacturing initiatives and sales strategies that prioritize niche projects. In total, we expect raw material prices to stabilize while selling prices continue to rise as pricing agreements adjust in the third quarter. In this challenging environment, which we expect to continue through the rest of the year, we are aggressively managing costs and accelerating opportunities to improve. We continue to transition production to optimum facilities and take costs out of our processes to maintain momentum and continuous improvement efforts. We have accelerated our World Class Manufacturing efforts, and we are aggressively passing through raw material cost escalation to our customers.  Outside our current operations, we continue to look for opportunities to expand our reach around the globe and apply our technological expertise to products in other markets. We continue to see our largest growth opportunities in growing economies like Brazil and Asia and in growing markets like medical and pharmaceutical. This year's environment is a challenging one, but our diligent focus on process efficiency, customer service and cost control has prepared our business well for the future.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Henry. Today, I'll begin by focusing my comments on a review of the quarterly results, and then review the assumptions used in our guidance for the rest of the year. Second quarter earnings per share were $0.51, in line with our guidance for the quarter. This compares to last year's earnings, excluding special charges of $0.58. The decrease in EPS compared to last year reflects higher raw material costs that were not yet reflected in higher selling prices to customers.  Net sales increased about 8% from the second quarter of 2010. Currency provided an increase of about 3.4%, driven by strengthening of the real, euro and pound sterling versus the dollar. The remaining increase was generated by selling price increases on roughly flat volumes.  In flexible packaging, overall volumes were also roughly flat. Volumes weakened in Latin America quarter-over-quarter, driven by several factors. Volatility in the price of polypropylene resin used for our rigid packaging operations in Latin America has increased competitive pressures and reduced operating margins in this category. While this volume may be restored in the future, as these factors change, we do not expect them to turn around during the second half of 2011.  Separately, we purposely trimmed low-margin business in Mexico during the second half of 2010 in order to improve profitability which was successful. So year-over-year second quarter volumes were lower. In addition, the strengthening real puts pressure on our customers' exports from Brazil. Finally, the inflationary economic conditions in Argentina have not been favorable for our business in that region.  Continuing through the income statement, consolidated gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 17.1 in the second quarter. We expect this to be the low-point in 2011 as selling price increases boost gross margins during the second half of the year.  Looking at flexible packaging operating profit, we reported $116 million or 9.5% of sales in the current quarter of 2011 compared to $130 million or 11.5% of sales in the same quarter of last year after add-backs of special charges. The decrease in 2011 primarily reflects the impact of increased raw material costs in advance of selling price adjustments. As we head into the second half of 2011, we expect operating margins to improve as selling prices are adjusted higher to reflect the raw material cost increases we experienced during the first half. We have implemented selling price increases in our flexible packaging and pressure sensitive businesses to reflect these higher raw material costs. We reported cash flow from operations of $91 million for the second quarter. This was a substantial improvement from the $8 million use of cash we reported during the first quarter. Working capital contributed slightly to cash flow during the second quarter in spite of the continuing raw material cost increases. The largest use of cash for operating activities was a pension contribution made in April totaling $15 million. No other contributions are planned for 2011. Based on capital expenditures we have completed to date this year and our CapEx schedule for the second half of the year, capital expenditures will likely total approximately $125 million in 2011. This is lower than our original guidance for the year of approximately $150 million.  During the first 6 months of 2011, we repurchased a total of 3.8 million shares of our common stock for $123 million. Future share repurchases will be evaluated among other priorities for cash flow, including dividends and acquisitions.  Subsequent to the end of the quarter, on July 8, we completed the tender offer for the outstanding preferred shares of our South American subsidiary, which were publicly traded. On July 22, the preferred shares of Dixie Toga were de-listed from the Brazilian Stock Exchange. The total purchase price was approximately $90 million, and there will no longer be a reduction in our income associated with non-controlling interests. Now looking at our guidance for the remainder of the year, resin prices stabilized in June and our guidance assumes that they remain generally flat on average for the rest of 2011. Our selling prices are increasing to reflect this year's earlier raw material inflation, and the net effect will be improving income margins in the second half of this year. Our earnings per share guidance of $0.56 to $0.61 for the third quarter and $2.08 to $2.18 for the full year, reflects this combination of stable costs and increasing selling prices.  Now operator, we will be pleased to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Henry, the last time your customers pushed through retail price increases was in the '07, '08 time period. I think your volumes at that time were also impacted as consumers adjusted their purchasing, and obviously, it was a weak consumer spending environment as well. Is what you're seeing now comparable to back then?
Henry Theisen: What you're saying is what happened in 2007 is exactly right, and that's what we saw. We saw our volumes pretty much across the board fall 2%, 3%, something in that magnitude. What we're seeing now is warnings from our customers and concern from our customers. We were relatively flat in the second quarter with last year, and what our customers are telling us is to expect slight decreases and their concerns over how the retail environment will react to these price increases. So it's really kind of a little bit unknown at this point.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, and just as a follow-up, on your revised guidance for 3Q, it sounds like you're still expecting EPS to be nicely up on a sequential basis. Just based on your comments, volumes are expected to be down a few percent, I think is what you said. Is it the resin catch-up the offset on the positive side along with the lower share count?
Henry Theisen: The real part of that is the resin catch-up as our ability we pass through a lot of these increases, a lot of our contracts or pricing agreements that fired in the third quarter. And with stable resin prices, we should start to catch up where we should be.
Operator: We'll go next to James Armstrong with Vertical Research Partners.
James Armstrong - Henry Armstrong Associates: My first question is on the range of the guidance. Can you help us understand what differentiates the low end of the range with the high end, and what factors we should be looking for?
Scott Ullem: Sure, James. It's really going to be tied to how quickly we realize the higher selling prices and that better spread versus the raw material prices that we've paid in the first half. And so that really explains the $0.05 range, $0.56 to $0.61.
James Armstrong - Henry Armstrong Associates: Okay, and then as a follow-up on a slightly different topic, have you already worked through all the synergies of the Alcan acquisition? And should we see year-over-year increases in 2012 from 2011?
Scott Ullem: James, we did achieve the cost savings that we expected in 2010, and really, the operations are being run together in 2011. So it's really not possible to break out the difference between cost savings from the integration and cost savings from the World Class Manufacturing initiatives that we have accelerated during the course of this year. But we expect there's going to continue to be benefits from World Class Manufacturing in the process efficiency programs that we have in place.
Operator: We'll go next to Phillip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Yes, it looks like your pricing, at least from run rate standpoint, 2Q decelerate little bit. I would imagine it would have ticked up. Was that more of a mix issue or...
Melanie Miller: From a pricing standpoint, no, prices definitely increased year-over-year.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, and then...
Melanie Miller: There was not -- as Henry had said, some of the pricing doesn't go until third quarter. So but yes, we did have positive in all geographies, positive price second quarter 2011 over second quarter 2010 [indiscernible].
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And if you assume resin prices do stay stable, do you expect to reach the price cost parity by 3Q or more so in 4Q?
Henry Theisen: We would expect to meet price equilibrium with the raw materials at the start of the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America.
Benjamin Wong: This is Benjamin Wong filling in for George. First question is on the cash flow statement, specifically cash from operations. What was behind the big increase for deferred charges and credits?
Melanie Miller: That's mostly where -- the biggest thing there is that pension contribution.
Benjamin Wong: Got it. Okay. And as a follow-up, Henry, what kind of volume trajectory have you seen at the end of 2Q and entering third quarter?
Henry Theisen: We saw in the first quarter healthy volumes, which at the end of the first quarter, we talked about going to second quarter, we saw that same pattern. We saw that very late in the second quarter just slightly start to decrease and stay flat.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Just to clarify on the guidance. So going into the quarter, you hadn't assumed completion of the buyout of Dixie Toga, but now you are. Is that -- am I correct on that? So if you did, it adds, call it, $0.05 or $0.06 a share on a full-year basis, if our numbers are correct. So can you just clarify that in terms of what -- if you look at the change in guidance from last quarter to today, did the buyout of Dixie Toga come into play?
Henry Theisen: The buyout of Dixie Toga did not come into play, and given the timing, we expect the impact will be nominal in 2011. But our full year guidance does assume the buyout being completed in the month of July -- or the delisting in the month of July, and there's a little bit of a squeeze-out still that’ll come in early August. But our $2.08 to $2.18 includes the repurchase of the preferred shares in Dixie.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then just coming back on the, Henry, I guess for you, the food price inflation that you mentioned in the release is a potential drag on volumes. But then, you also commented on some new product launches as a positive factor in the second half of the year. I would think those 2 would be somewhat at odds. In other words, the food and HPC companies potentially throttle back on new products and innovation as they try and focus more on getting price passed through at the retail level. But can you comment or add any color on that in terms of what you're seeing in the pipeline in light of this inflationary backdrop?
Henry Theisen: When we enter these times of inflationary backdrop, what our consumer product companies, our customers, recognize is that packaging is a differentiator on the market shelf. And it's a way to differentiate themselves from other products. So we really don't see a real slowdown or a big change in direction from trying to launch new products, trying to get new packaging concepts into the marketplace. It is really a differentiator, and I think that a lot of our launches will help offset some of these volume concerns that we have.
Operator: We'll go next to Stewart Scharf with Standard & Poor's.
Stewart Scharf - S&P Equity Research: My question was basically regarding the new products. Would you be able to expand on that a little bit, what products? And going into '12, how much impact that would have on the mix? And I assume they're higher-margin products, and how you will be able to sell that considering the weak consumer demand?
Henry Theisen: A good example of some new products that we have coming out are related to the packaging of ketchup, for instance, in the Dip & Squeeze. It's a new packaging concept for condiments where can you not just give them away free at a fast food restaurant, but they also will be sold in a retail store. And they're easy-open. You can squeeze and get your ketchup out or you can dip the ketchup. It's a whole new packaging concept for condiments that we've launched. And we've been able to -- and what really allows us to go through and do this is we've been able to put in oxygen scavengers that double the shelf life. So it's quite a unique technological development to be able to put in that oxygen scavenger. And it's one of the things that really came out of the acquisition. When we put the 2 R&D groups together, we were able to add technology to their understanding of that product line. Another one would be FreshCase. Our launch, finally, after getting approval from the FDA and going through testing of a packaging concept that preserves the red color of meat in a vacuum package. And a vacuum package offers a lot of conveniences, a lot of extended shelf life. It offers a new way to go to market. It offers better economics for our customers. It fits the shelves better than the rigid tray, and we had our first minor sales where we have some sales now in the U.S. And it's kind of interesting, we also have expanding sales in Latin America, specifically in Chile. So those are 2 good examples of where material science drives new products and new concepts.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions.
Melanie Miller: All right. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you at conferences in September.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Independent Director
Analysts: Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Albert Kabili - Macquarie Research Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Michael Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc. George Staphos Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Bemis First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Today is April 28, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section.  Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions]  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends or customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, everyone. This was a challenging quarter for Bemis, and we are disappointed to have missed the low end of our first quarter EPS guidance by $0.03. Our guidance for the first quarter incorporated our expectation of increasing raw material costs for the first half of 2011. However, with the escalation of unrest in the Middle East and supply issues in the chemical industry, raw material costs increased dramatically during the first quarter, particularly the cost of the specialty resins Bemis relies on for our high barrier Flexible Packaging products.  In our Flexible Packaging business segment, we use a variety of raw material inputs, including polyethylene, nylon, polyester, polypropylene and many others. Our customer contracts provide for us to adjust selling prices in response to raw material cost changes, but there is a time lag between the raw material cost changes and the scheduled selling price adjustments. Currently, the contract price adjustment lag times vary from one month to 6 months. However, the lag time for polyethylene-based packaging is shorter and will be longer for complex multilayer products that incorporate more specialty resins.  During the first quarter of 2011, we experienced more dramatic raw material increases than we expected. The cost of polyethylene, polyester polypropylene and nylon increased in excess of 15% and even above 30%, in some cases. While most of this impact will be recognized during the second quarter, there was still a measurable impact on first quarter gross margins.  At this point, we recognize the additional cost increases that we will be experiencing in the second quarter. Clearly, our selling prices will adjust to reflect these higher input costs, and we will continue to reduce material costs with material substitutions and efficiency improvements. We have well-established continuous improvement initiatives throughout Bemis that are focused on plant efficiencies, and I am confident these projects will continue to deliver value as we move forward.  Looking out through the rest of the year, Flexible Packaging volumes are expected to be relatively flat with last year as our customers have began to express some concern about the impact of food price inflation on consumer buying patterns. At Bemis, we expect to see volume growth throughout the year due to the pipeline of new products that we are introducing. Our rigid barrier platform, coupled with our Peel Reseal technology, is giving us new market access and expanding packaging formats in existing markets. Examples of some of these are creamer cups, frozen pizza and condiments. Bemis is gaining growth in these market categories because our products offer convenient features, reduce material content and extend shelf life. Let me illustrate some examples of our innovation. Our new frozen pizza package eliminates the need for an outside carton, therefore, reducing packaging content by 30% compared to previous frozen pizza formats. The opportunity to use less material is critical to our customers' sustainability goals and helps control package costs in this environment of escalating raw material costs. This new package uses our polyester platform and incorporates our EZ Peel feature for consumer convenience. This is just one example of how Bemis is providing our customers with packaging solutions that deliver affordable sustainability benefits. Another example of our contributions to the sustainability needs of our customers is exhibited in the creamer cup business where our rigid barrier technology has reduced the material content by 20% and provides an improved barrier to extend product shelf life.  Our Peel Reseal polyester platform continues to grow nicely as it eliminates the need for reclosable zipper. This package is primarily used for applications for processed meat and cheese, and we see customers using this cost-effective packaging upgrade to add consumer convenience features to their current product lines.  Bemis has also introduced an innovative new condiment package that includes easy-open features, premium graphics and a design that offers both a dip format and a pour format. This new package is being launched in retail stores as well as restaurants. We are also pleased to see the continued growth of our technology and value-added platforms in the medical device and pharmaceutical markets.  Our world-class manufacturing initiatives continue to expand the new production facilities and improve efficiencies throughout the production process. Raw material waste reduction programs have become even more important as the cost of resin has increased, and we expect continuous improvement through 2011. In 2011, we are aggressively pursuing the second phase of the Food Americas integration. In this phase, we are optimizing our manufacturing processes to ensure that the right product is produced on the best equipment for that particular process. This exercise will improve margins by improving economies of scale on certain equipment and taking advantage of best practices across the company. In addition, we are evaluating situations in which multiple product specifications are used for one particular product or feature. Reducing specifications also reduces changeovers on equipment, increases economies of scale and simplifies the manufacturing process. Streamlining of our product and manufacturing footprint, as we continue to integrate the Food Americas operations, has led to some additional expenses that total approximately $0.02 during the first quarter. We expect to see the positive benefit of these initiatives in the current year.  Our earnings per share guidance of $2.15 to $2.30 for the total year 2011 reflects the reality of this volatile and inflationary environment. This range accounts for all of the known raw material cost increases through today. We are working diligently to execute our sales and profit growth strategy as quickly as possible and to take the opportunities to shorten the time selling price adjustments whenever possible. In this environment of specialty raw material cost increases and a cautious demand outlook resulting from food inflation, we believe our guidance reflects a realistic assessment for potential outcomes of 2011. Our financial condition remains very strong. And while working capital absorbed cash during the first quarter due to higher resin cost, we continue to expect strong cash flow for the rest of the year. We purchased 1.7 million shares of common stock during the first quarter, and we'll continue to balance opportunities to invest in prudent capital projects, acquisitions, debt reduction and opportunistic share repurchases to maximize our return metrics and increase shareholder value.  In summary, expensive resin costs will pressure our margins in 2011. We expect this to be a short-term issue until we get contractual selling prices adjusted. We are progressing well on facility optimization, and new business is ramping up nicely. We expect our products that extend shelf life will become even more important as food costs increase, giving us a competitive advantage in the market.  Now I'll turn it over to Scott for a more detailed analysis of the financial results.
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Henry. Although we are operating in a challenging raw material price environment, Bemis is in an advantageous position in the flexible packaging industry because of our new product platforms and pipeline. Our volume growth this year is coming from new products and product line extensions, which is why we are so focused, as an organization, around material science, chemical engineering and value-added customer relationships. Unfortunately, so far in 2011, our successes with new products have been overshadowed by the volatile and inflationary raw material costs we are experiencing.  In the Flexible Packaging business segment, first quarter net sales increased by about 34%, of which about 22% related to the fact that we have a full quarter of Food Americas in 2011 versus just one month in the first quarter of 2010; currency benefits increased sales by 2.5%; and the remaining 9.5% growth reflects the impact of higher raw material costs pushing up selling prices in all categories, in addition to unit volume increases in categories where Bemis sells higher-priced value-added products.  Mexico continues to deliver improved performance, and our business in Brazil is performing well, save for the strengthening reais, which creates headwinds for our customers that export from Brazil. We're the largest flexible packaging company in Mexico and South America with nearly $1 billion in annualized sales. And our business in those regions continues to offer attractive long-term organic growth. We are also positioned to capture increased margins and returns as those food markets mature to require more and more high technology barrier packaging.  On the other hand, our food Flexible Packaging business in Europe, now approximately 5% of Bemis sales, is subscale and is not meeting our margin objectives. While our Pressure Sensitive Materials and medical packaging businesses that sell into Europe are continuing to deliver nice results, our food Flexible Packaging business participates in a fragmented, highly competitive arena. This will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future.  Our focus is European food Flexible Packaging, continuous improvement in manufacturing operations along with volume and margin growth in the niche, meat and cheese markets we serve. The good news is that these European sales, which were decreasing for most of 2010, stabilized in the first quarter of 2011 compared to the first quarter of last year. Flexible Packaging operating profit for the first quarter was 9.9% of net sales. If we adjust last year's operating profit to exclude acquisition-related fees and include pro forma Food Americas results for January and February, the comparable rate would've been about 11% for the first quarter of 2010. The difference in year-over-year percentage margin reflects raw material headwinds.  Second quarter Flexible Packaging margins will remain under pressure as the dramatic price increases from the first quarter move through our production cycle from raw materials to finished goods, but we do expect the second half of the year to return to higher margin levels if specialty resin costs stabilize, which is the assumption our EPS guidance reflects. One of our company priorities is to increase the frequency of selling price adjustments in our customer agreements. A number of the customer agreements we inherited with the Food Americas acquisition specified 6-month periods before selling prices reset to reflect changes in raw material costs. This compares to most of our U.S. Bemis Flexible Packaging customer agreements, which generally adjust selling prices to reflect material cost changes every 30 to 90 days. Going forward, we will be working with our customers to shorten the periods between selling price adjustments. Shifting to our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, which represented about 11% of sales this quarter. Net sales increased $4 million, and operating profit increased $3 million. Operating profit for the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment trended in the right direction this quarter due to a combination of prudent cost management and good matching on selling prices with raw material cost increases.  On a consolidated basis, our selling, general and administrative expenses increased sequentially over the fourth quarter, largely reflecting the amortization of losses in our pension investments when the markets declined sharply in 2008. EBITDA for the first quarter increased by almost 20% compared to adjusted EBITDA for the same quarter of 2010, excluding all of the onetime acquisition-related charges from last year. This would have driven a healthy increase in cash flow from operations this quarter but raw material cost increases resulted in much higher working capital, offsetting any cash flow improvements. Consistent with past years, we expect cash flow from operations to strengthen for the remainder of the year.  For the total year 2011, we continue to expect capital expenditures to be approximately $150 million. Bemis capital investments in materials science research and development is directed at 2 areas: one, product categories that offer higher long-term volume growth and margins, like semi-rigid packaging, packaging that protects food freshness and extends shelf life, as well as medical packaging products that require high barrier film properties. New products and targeted product line extensions will continue to be a key to our Flexible Packaging volume growth. And the second priority for CapEx is to fuel growth in geographies outside the U.S. and Europe, where we can achieve attractive organic growth rates across our product portfolios. These disciplined capital investments continue to be our first priority for use of cash flow after dividends.  Our next priority for use of cash flow is to make selected acquisitions when we have opportunities to purchase businesses that fit our strategic and financial objectives. Finally, we will manage our capital structure to give us the flexibility we need to fund growth investments while minimizing our cost of capital. Translation, we want to preserve our investment grade rating while reducing our shares outstanding through opportunistic open market repurchases.  We repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock during the first quarter, resulting in average diluted shares outstanding of $109.1 million for the earnings per share calculation for the quarter. We reported on our cash flow statement a $16 million payment for acquisitions during the first quarter that relates to a final working capital adjustment payment to Rio Tinto, primarily related to cash on hand we received at the close of the Food Americas acquisition a year ago. We continue to pursue a tender offer for the outstanding preferred shares of our Brazilian subsidiary. The purchase of those shares is not reflected in our guidance since we could not predict the timing or certainty of the completion of that transaction. If and when we receive regulatory approval to resume the tender offer, we will move as quickly as possible to complete the transaction.  Our guidance for the second quarter of 2011 is $0.48 to $0.54. This reflects the 15% to 30% cost increases in specialty resins that will be recognized during the second quarter with many of the related customer selling price adjustments occurring late in the second and early in the third quarters. The reduced earnings per share expectations for the first half of the year have been incorporated into the total year earnings per share guidance of $2.15 to $2.30. As Henry mentioned, the change reflects these dramatic increases in specialty resins costs, which tend to have longer lag times for selling price adjustments, some further raw material cost increases in the second quarter and then no further increases for the second half of the year. Now Henry, Melanie, and I would be pleased to answer questions. Operator, please open the call to participants.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ghansham Panjabi. [Robert W. Baird]
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: In your prepared remarks and your press release, you mentioned customers expressing, it sounds like, incremental caution. Has this actually translated into lower volumes than you expected, or was the comment sort of proactive anticipation on your part? And how, Henry, would you characterize the current environment versus what occurred in '08 when you had very similar energy and resin spikes?
Henry Theisen: First off, we have not seen any drop in volumes in the first quarter related to food inflation. These are just some comments that we've picked up from a number of our customers who just look at what's going on and are just kind of a little bit cautious going forward. But we have not seen any effect in reduction in volumes based on that, as of today.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And the shortage of specialty resin you referred to, which region is being impacted and also which specific grades are you referring to?
Henry Theisen: When we talk about specialty resins, the big hits are in the nylons, the acid copolymers. Polyester is a big hit related to the cotton prices. I think polyester resin is now at its highest level ever going into the water season. So polyesters, nylons, high EVAs, acid copolymers, ionomers, all of the things that fit into that specialty area. And it's pretty much around the globe.
Operator: We'll go next to Philip Ng with Jefferies & Company.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a quick question on the business that you guys don't have a pass-through. Are you seeing the same level of success on passing pricing through?
Henry Theisen: We're seeing the same level of passing our price increases through as we characteristically had through the past. Earlier, Ghansham asked a little bit about how this compares to the 2007, and it's very similar. And we are being successful in, first off, increasing prices to our non-agreement customers. And secondly, we are actively passing through the raw material increases for the agreements we have.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then you mentioned how you're trying to adjust some of these contracts to have quicker pass-through. That's a work in progress, right, because you readjust that every year. So it's like a 3- or 4-year process, or how should I be thinking about that?
Henry Theisen: I think you're correct in saying it's a 3- to 4-year process. We will work diligently when these contracts come up for renewal to review the terms and improve these terms that, quite frankly, we can't be in the middle having 6-month escalated/de-escalated clauses we inherited from the transaction with Alcan. And you can't just be in the middle between our customers and our raw material suppliers and absorb that. So as these contracts come up, especially the ones from Alcan, we will actively pursue reduced terms.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A couple of questions. Firstly, on the business that you have the contractual pass-throughs on, you talked about there being a longer lag of passing through some of the specialty resins. Is there a way to break out what part of your business is more exposed to specialty resin relative to the more commodity resins with their faster pass-throughs?
Henry Theisen: If you look at which areas really run the specialty resins, it's in our high barrier. It would be the products that require extended shelf life.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Is there a way that you can give us a number of what percentage of revenues those contracts will represent for you or some order of magnitude of how to think about those -- that business relative to the rest of the company?
Melanie Miller: If you break out our Flexible Packaging business into the various market categories that we sell into, meat and cheese is roughly about 30% of our Flexible Packaging. But then -- and that's going to be one that's high barrier. Dairy and liquids is way over 10%. Some of the dry foods category would fall into this. That's close to 6%. And then you get into other specialty type areas, so that's another 10%. So it's going to be somewhere over 50% at least. And then it just depends upon what other specialty resins are in that -- in those more simple categories. Because even as you look at confectionery and snacks, some of the snack foods have a lot of other types of specialty resins in them, depending on the type of package. So medical is in there. Medical products is between -- depending on if you include pharma. I guess it'd be close to 10%, including pharma with medical.
Operator: We'll go next to Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert Kabili - Macquarie Research: Henry, just a question on the Alcan contracts. You've had the business for a year now. Wondering of the contracts that you have renewed and renegotiated, can you tell us about the success rate on how those have gone relative to shortening the timing of the pass-throughs?
Henry Theisen: Up until today, we have had very few -- I'm almost going to say none, but I hate to say none without knowing exactly. But it's very, very few that have come up. They're really going to start coming up later this year, the first part of next year. So we really don't have any experience to pass on to along those lines.
Albert Kabili - Macquarie Research: And then I guess the second question would be along the lines of new business that you mentioned. Any feeling on a flavor of what you're targeting this year in terms of sales for new business and how the margins compare to the Flexible segment average?
Henry Theisen: The new business that we talked about, and I think it's a lot like all new businesses will be at higher margins than our average business. When we introduce products, we get an opportunity to price those products, and we price those with higher margins. And then, of course, as you know, over time, thanks to the standard curve go down. But I expect all of our new products will go out with higher margins than the average we have in our Flexible business. And as far as what the volumes will be, I think we can look at growing our new business $50 million to $100 million. And a lot of that just depends upon how fast we could scale up those products.
Operator: We'll go next to Timothy Thein with Citi.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Just going back to the legacy contract issue that you just mentioned, Henry, in terms of as we look ahead to the renewal of these contracts. Are there other competitors you think out there that would be able to manage through in this kind of volatile resin and raw material backdrop that we've seen certainly over the last couple of years? Do you think others out there would be able to handle similar delays and pass it -- in this kind of nature of the pass-through? Now what I'm getting at is, as those contracts come up, are there others out there that you think would be able to absorb a 6 to 9 months lag in terms of the contract terms?
Henry Theisen: I think everyone, all of our competitors, and everyone in our industry or anyone even really related to the chemical industry has to look at this and say that these 6-month terms that are out there just are not sustainable. I don't think anybody can absorb the kind of increases we've seen and not be able to pass those through in a shorter period of time. I think everybody's going to be suffering the same way.
Timothy Thein - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And on that, as a follow-up, I know it's getting harder and harder to track this. But internally, when you guys look at the Alcan synergies, I presume they took a little bit of a hit here given the raw material environment. But how are those tracking relative to the initial expectations?
Henry Theisen: I think that, that was tracking very well. In fact I think we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be as far as synergies with the Alcan acquisition. Unfortunately, the magnitude of the raw material increases are just varying the good things that have happened along those lines.
Operator: We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I wanted to go through the Alcan contracts a bit more. Would there be a situation, perhaps in the future, where in order to expedite your ability to pass through on a quicker basis that, perhaps, you would also be willing to adjust the other terms in the contract to your customer, whether it be around margin or some other values to serve?
Henry Theisen: I think when you go in and you talk to the customer it is a negotiation. And all things will be on. The margins will be on the line, what business you're going to do on the line, what kind of terms will be on the line. I think all of those things are up for negotiation and discussion at the time. And then you just got to negotiate them. Some things you give on, some not. And as in most contracts, both people walk away feeling that they've gained some things and lost some things in it.
George Staphos: Right. Okay, so it sounds like you're at that stage. I guess the second question I had, maybe for you or for Scott, is it possible to determine what the lag effect actually cost you in the quarter? You gave us some guidance around resin and the overall compression that occurred from that. But if every piece of your business was on the legacy traditional classic Bemis type of contract, what would you have sort of had back in earnings this quarter that you lost instead because of the Alcan contracts?
Scott Ullem: George, it's Scott. It's really not possible to track exactly what impact the lag had for different customers and different terms of contracts. Just we don't have the breakout.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Manuel, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: A couple questions for you. As these businesses are now put together, I remember when you laid out synergy targets and such for us, one of the components that you hadn't necessarily touched on, but you anticipated having some of, were revenue synergies. So as you sit in the business today and have now had about a year or so or a little better of it all together, do you have any opportunities you've identified there or are you seeing some? Is that's what principally driving this $150 million or so of new products that you're seeing, or is this all legacy stuff or mix? Maybe a little color there would be helpful.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Chris, it's a good question. The answer is that, certainly, having a broader sales bag of products that we can sell is helping our relationship with customers who have broad product portfolios. And so I think we're seeing the benefits of having both the existing former Food Americas product line but also the new product pipeline that we can offer to our customers and it's helping our ability to get price. As Henry said before, all these customer relationships are driven by a combination of product differentiation, pricing and margin, terms. And so I think we're feeling very good about our ability to get paid for our products that have a differentiated position in the marketplace, whether they were the Food Americas product line or Bemis product line because they're all now combined.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe a point of kind of clarification. As you put new products in place, do you kind of end up on the same sort of clock? Meaning, can you price it appropriately the day the new business launches, or could you kind of end up being behind on some of these already as you're launching some of the new business?
Henry Theisen: When you launch new business, you price it on the day that you launch the business. So you launch it with all the current raw material costs and everything in it. You get to set that initial price.
Operator: We'll go next to Sara Magers with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Henry, in your prepared remarks, I believe you mentioned about $0.02 of higher costs in the quarter related to the acquisition. Am I right in understanding that this is not anticipated? And I guess if I'm thinking about this the right way, could you give us a bit more color on what exactly this was?
Henry Theisen: As we talked about optimizing our footprint and optimizing our specifications and, in some cases, taking a look at where we made 2 separate specifications for packaging the same product and how we put things in our plant, we experienced some excess waste in doing that. We experienced a little bit of extra downtime. We've had to put a little more work into getting some of the equipment to run efficiently.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, all right. And so this wasn't something that you had anticipated going, I guess, before the quarter or when you were doing your due diligence on Alcan?  [Technical Difficulty]  I'm just wondering was this anticipated, this higher costs related to the extra waste and downtime and such?
Henry Theisen: No, we anticipated some costs associated with the optimization of our footprint and the optimization of our specifications. But we had some additional difficulties that we did not expect. But we're through those now, and we expect to see the benefits of making those adjustments as we go through the rest of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc.: Would like to touch on your comments on European Food Packaging. My sense, and maybe you can educate me if I'm wrong, is that some of the volume declines last year was in…  [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Michael Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc.: All right. Again, back to the European Food Packaging, my sense was volume declines last year were, in part, commodity end that you were willing to lose in the environment. With the stabilization that's going on, could you give a dynamic? Are you working more aggressively in the more commodity area to hang onto share? Is it growth coming in other areas, and kind of how are you thinking about that end of the business going forward?
Henry Theisen: We're not actively trying to pursue some of those areas that are more commodity that we let go last year. Scott's remarks were about stabilizing what we have, and it’s is in the niche areas where we compete very well with our technologies. And our desire is to grow in those niche areas. We're such a distant minor player compared to the number one person over there in Amcor that we just have to find our spots where we can operate profitably.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Wealth Management, Inc.: And one other one. Obviously, a decline in R&D expense sequentially. How are things looking in there for the year?
Henry Theisen: R&D. R&D is going very well. We don't run R&D in a pilot plant or anything. We actually do it out in our manufacturing facilities because we believe that allows to scale up better. And it also puts our engineers in the plant with the operating guys, so that we run more efficiently. Our R&D expenses really just kind of track the number of people we have and some minor expenses. So our R&D pipeline is full. We've moved into a new facility. We call it our Bemis innovation center. We've combined all our technical people under one roof to share ideas. We're generating a lot of good thoughts and in our R&D pipeline, and the attitude in R&D and the morale in R&D is very fine. And we're just going to have some great new products coming out of there for multiple markets.
Operator: We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Two questions on volumes. Number one, did you specifically break out what the Flexible Packaging volume was in the quarter? I think you said something to the effect that the balance that you hadn't called out was a mixture of price mix and volume. And are we hearing you say that you still expect volume in Flexible Packaging to be positive this year, or you are less certain and it's probably flat on an acquisition-adjusted basis given what customers are starting to fear anyway in terms of food inflation?
Scott Ullem: George, volume was up slightly in Flexible Packaging, especially in the areas where we're selling high barrier property films. The real growth in the balance of 2011 is going to come from new products and new product line extensions. There's not -- we don't see a lot of volume growth in the market overall, but we're feeling good about our volume prospects just because of the new product pipeline that we're rolling out.
George Staphos: And then specific to one product you mentioned, this replacement that you have for the frozen pizza market, with your flexible packaging replacing the carton. Now the interior of the product, is there still a tray with a susceptor or is this -- is the flexible package entirely replacing both the carton and the tray?
Henry Theisen: This would be a frozen pizza so it would have a corrugated platter, if you want to call it, on the bottom, and it would have a, I call it, a rigid forming film so that it can support the sides. And then a lid stock, a printed high barrier lid stock. So what you're really doing is you're taking away the carton, and the package is replacing the protection and the stiffness and the support that the carton supplied.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Manuel with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I really do have a couple of questions for you. First is, when you're looking at this new product development and such that's going on, is it tend to be -- with the spike up here in material costs and such, have you seen things accelerate? Have you seen some projects maybe get put on hold for a short period of time until things level out and get comfortable to launch, or have things decelerated? Can you just maybe give us a sense of customers' acceptance or desire to put new products out in the market right now?
Henry Theisen: I think the customers' desire to put new products out in the market increases in times like this, because they all recognize that packaging is a differentiator from other people in the marketplace. And they want to be the first one out there with those new packages. So you really don't see big changes in that occurring in our R&D area. The same push, the same drive by our customers to introduce those new products and those new packages continues.
Scott Ullem: There's a second element as well, which is there's a lot of focus on material content reduction and sustainability, where Bemis really has a leading edge. And as Henry mentioned, a couple of new products like creamer cups, for example, where we are saving a lot of material, saving costs for us, saving costs for our customer and meeting the -- some broader sustainability objectives that I think we all have.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Yes. That's helpful. Because I find it hard to believe that as you're bringing these new out, they tend to replace some old ones that you aren't able to accelerate some of the terms as you renegotiate or redo those contract.
Henry Theisen: That's correct, that's correct.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: My second question had to do with kind of as you look at your portfolio, and you look at branded business versus private label business. As all these price increases have rolled through, it’s been more and more challenging to the branded products businesses out there. And it seems to be private label, again, picking up some more share. What's your mix with those 2? And have you seen anything like that in your, I don't want to call it backlogs, but your new business activity?
Scott Ullem: Yes. Historically, we have sold same products to both the branded customers and to private label customers. Oftentimes, the contract packers are making both branded and store brand on the same lines. What we've seen is -- in fact, some of the growth that we're seeing is from store brand contract packers and customers. And so we're feeling good about having that shift well covered. The interesting thing is that the store brand customers, the private label manufacturers want the same types of convenience features and quality graphics properties and, of course, all the food protection requirements as branded food manufacturers want. And so we like the private label customers just as well as we like our traditional branded customers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Last question for me. Clearly, over time, you've done a very, very good job in Latin America in improving returns, and you should be commended for that. I wanted -- if you hadn't mentioned in the past, on this call, could you give us an update on how Mexico stands relative to some of these issues and opportunities you saw for that business? And then related question, the European Flexible Packaging business has been, I think to be fair, an under performer for most of the last decade. Certainly, there have been years where it's done well, other years where it's not. You can agree or disagree with that premise when you answer the question. Are you getting to a point where, strategically, it makes less sense to have that in the portfolio, Henry? Or does it serve a need and you see it as a long-term player within the whole of Bemis? Thanks, guys, and good luck on the quarter.
Scott Ullem: George, first question on Mexico. We are really pleased with the performance of our Mexican operations. Two years ago, our business in Mexico was struggling. The Food Americas business in Mexico, when we actually closed the transaction, was not performing up to expectations. And our management team there has done really an excellent job of turning that business around and improving what is now a combined business. And we've done it through focus on profitable customers and focus on the manufacturing footprints that we're running very efficiently there. Second question on European Flexible Packaging, you're right. This has been a long struggle with our business there. We are subscale, and it's a very difficult market environment. And so what we're really focused on is what we can control. We cannot control how many competitors in the marketplace. We cannot control how our customers behave. What we can control is how efficiently we run our plants and the markets on which we focus, which are really niche markets around meat and cheese where we have a differentiable product that we can compete with in the marketplace. And we're going to continue to do that.
Henry Theisen: George, many of our customers, both from North America here, have operations in Europe, have operations around the globe. And we're going to work to strengthen our European operations. We're committed to being in Europe, and we're going to fix Europe. It may take us longer because we are such a smaller player. But we have customers in Europe, and we're going to service those customers long term.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Two quick follow-up questions. One, Henry, can you just give us an update of how your FreshCase offering is doing in the case-ready marketplace?
Henry Theisen: We just had an American Meat Institute packaging show, and we introduced FreshCase there for a lot of people who come in. It's the first time many customers had an opportunity to see it. It is generating tremendous interest, and people are excited about it. We have numerous trials going around with various customers. I expect to start seeing FreshCase in the marketplace later this year.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, and then just shifting back to resin. We had a meaningful increase across the commodity grades in April, and I think there is more increases on the table for May. Does your guidance reflect -- does your updated guidance reflect the full price hikes that were implemented in April and the potential increases in resins?
Henry Theisen: Yes, they do. We are -- our guidance reflects all proposed price increases, and ones that are also effective as of today that we know about.
Operator: We'll go next to Tom Mullarkey with Morningstar.
Thomas Mullarkey: A follow-up on George's question about the new pizza packaging. I was at the AMI Expo a couple of weeks ago and saw it, and I think it makes sense compared to other pizza packaging options. But can you remind us prior to this new package what your exposure was to the pizza market? And given that your existing customer that's getting this new package appears to be in the high end of the pizza market, how much penetration do you actually think you can get in the grocer shelves?
Henry Theisen: In the self-rising pizza, we have a major position in there, in the self-rising pizza business. And I don't know if this is going to give us more market share, but I'm certainly hoping that our customers sell more pizzas, and that's our growth in that area.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, operator. We will be attending several conferences over the next 2 months, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Henry Theisen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Independent Director
Analysts: Thomas Mullarkey Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Albert Kabili - Macquarie Research Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our year end 2010 conference call. Today is February 1, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with his comments on the financial results, followed by Henry with comments on the business. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for additional questions.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends or customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Melanie, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll discuss the results of the fourth quarter and then provide some color on our guidance for 2011. Before we get into the details, I'd like to note some of the key financial highlights from 2010. We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $2.12, our second year in a row of double-digit EPS growth and in line with our guidance for the year and the quarters. We recorded our second highest year ever of free cash flow in the face of increasing raw material costs, as well as higher levels of working capital related to Food Americas as we carried extra inventory during the integration of our expanded plant network. We paid down approximately $200 million of debt since the acquisition of Food Americas on March 1, and we repurchased 1.5 million shares of Bemis common stock. Now turning to the fourth quarter. Our results were in line with our guidance and continue to demonstrate healthy growth over the prior year. Earnings per share before special charges was $0.49 for the fourth quarter of 2010, compared with $0.45 last year, an increase of 9%. Net sales increased by about 38%, including about 34% from the Food Americas acquisition. The remaining 4% organic growth reflects the increase in sales in 2010 compared to the pro forma sales of 2009. Currency did not have a significant impact on consolidated sales during the quarter.  In the Flexible Packaging business segment, net sales increased by about 44% for the quarter, of which about 40% related to the Food Americas acquisition. The remaining 4% organic growth reflects the impact of higher raw material costs pushing up selling prices in addition to increased sales of higher priced, value-added products. Volumes in North America were somewhat higher compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, reflecting the continuation of volume trends that we experienced throughout 2010. In Latin America, now almost 20% of Bemis, sales volumes declined in the fourth quarter as customers in Brazil made inventory adjustments at the end of the year. And in our Mexico operations, we strategically reduced volumes and improved sales mix resulting in improved profitability. Our European Flexible Packaging sales remained below last year's levels. However, we did see sequential volume improvement compared to the third quarter of 2010, which is encouraging.  In the Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, which represented about 10% of sales this quarter, net sales increased nearly 4%, excluding the impact of currency, which represents stronger volume sales in North America and the pass-through of increased raw material costs. Moving on to operating profit. We are very pleased with the cost savings results of our integration efforts. We have achieved the targets we set for 2010, and we are on track to achieve our run rate target of $60 million of cost savings by the end of 2011. Going forward, these integration synergy targets have been built into our existing continuous improvement programs and will no longer be separately identified as synergies. This is a positive indicator of the extent to which we have completed our integration of Food Americas. It is important to note that the lower operating profit margins associated with the newly acquired Food Americas business have reduced our overall operating margins in 2010.  Looking sequentially at operating profit for the Flexible Packaging segment from the third quarter of 2010 to the fourth quarter, the nearly 1% decrease reflects primarily the seasonal decline in volume, coupled with increased raw material costs in the fourth quarter.  Selling prices increased contractually and with non-contract customers during the second half of 2010 to reflect the higher costs of raw materials. Our business model uses escalator and de-escalator clauses in customer contracts to mechanically adjust selling prices for changes in raw material costs on a regular basis. These clauses are embedded in our multi-year customer contracts, which represent approximately 2/3 of our Flexible Packaging sales. This is a common industry contract clause and therefore, the contracts that we acquired with the Food Americas acquisition in 2010 also includes similar escalator and de-escalator clauses. However, the acquired contracts have longer periods of time between selling price adjustments than Bemis' standard policies. This will prolong the negative operating profit impact in a rising raw material cost environment in 2011.  Several years ago, we shortened the adjustment periods in our contracts to address increased volatility in raw material markets. One of our priorities is to synchronize the terms of these Food Americas customer contracts with the Bemis contracts, including shorter adjustment periods in the escalator/de-escalator clauses.  Selling, general and administrative costs increased during 2010, and we expect SG&A spending to be approximately level in 2011 with 2010. The improvement in the line item other operating income and expense reflects the fact that we had $15 million in acquisition-related expenses in 2009. Most of the other operating income in 2010 was generated by fiscal incentives we earned in Brazil.  Turning to the cash flow statement. In the fourth quarter, we generated $119 million of cash from operations, an increase of $39 million over the same period of 2009. For the full year 2010, we recorded our second highest level of free cash flow in our history. This was less than we had planned and resulted from higher working capital largely as a result of two factors. One, just as rising raw material costs had a negative short-term impact on our earnings, they also increased the carrying cost of our inventories. Two, we carried higher inventory levels during the integration process in order to ensure that we maintain high levels of customer service as we integrated our new production facilities.  Capital expenditures totaled $48.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2010. This is a reflection of the timing of expenditures that had been planned for 2010 and realized in the fourth quarter. This year, we repurchased about 1.5 million shares of Bemis common stock. This offset approximately 1.2 million shares issued in connection with incentive compensation programs for Bemis employees.  As we look to 2011, our earnings per share guidance for the total year is $2.33 to $2.48. This includes an assumption of constant currency exchange rates and increasing raw material costs through the first half of this year. Our guidance also reflects an increase of about $10 million in pension costs and continued accounting for the non-controlling interest in our Brazilian subsidiary. While we continue to pursue a tender offer for the outstanding preferred shares of our Brazilian subsidiary, the purchase of those shares is not reflected in our guidance at this point since we cannot predict the timing or certainty of the completion of that transaction. The increase in pension costs is primarily a reflection of the amortization of asset losses experienced back in the stock market decline of 2008. Subsequent gains are expected to reduce pension costs beginning in 2012. Our guidance for the first quarter of 2011 is $0.50 to $0.55. Again, the first quarter includes the months of January and February, which are seasonally slower months. In addition, higher benefit costs and raw material cost increases are expected to create headwinds compared to the first quarter of 2010.  For the total year 2011, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $150 million. This is below the level of depreciation plus amortization, which we expect to be about $215 million in 2011. The reason we have been able to keep capital expenditures down is because we acquired well-capitalized production capacity with the Food Americas acquisition, and World Class Manufacturing initiatives are contributing to our production efficiencies. Longer term, we expect capital expenditures to be closer to D&A. Finally, in addition to our judicious approach to capital expenditure decisions, we also remain committed to disciplined use of free cash flow. We are continuing to seek strategic and accretive acquisition opportunities. Meanwhile, we will continue to improve shareholder value by repurchasing shares opportunistically and reducing interest expense.  Now I'll turn it over to Henry for his comments.
Henry Theisen: Thank you, Scott. To start with, I'm very pleased with the performance of the company in 2010 and the progress we have made integrating the Food Americas acquisition. Our success in this effort is thanks to the talent and hard work of many dedicated Bemis employees in North America and Latin America, including sales, marketing, operations, engineering, customer service, finance, purchasing, human resources, information technology and our R&D teams. Today, I'll focus my comments on three main topics: the product development and process improvements being derived from the completion of the Food Americas integration; the climate for raw material costs and strategic investments in 2010; and the plan for 2011.  Our customers have been pleased with what has been a nearly seamless transition, and our focus on maintaining customer service throughout this integration has further strengthened our customer relationship. As Scott mentioned, we have begun to move production among our facilities to better align our production facilities and technologies to optimize our manufacturing footprint. Part of the integration plan for the newly acquired facilities was the opportunity to leverage the new products, technologies and manufacturing expertise that came from the Food Americas acquisition.  Let me give you some examples of commercial opportunities arising from our joint portfolio of technologies. One example is the expansion into new markets for barrier cup products from single-serve coffee to cups for creamers, puddings and single-serve condiments. This is a result of a combination of our unique rigid film structures with the Food Americas' lidding technology around heat seal, lacquer and die-cutting capabilities supplying the complete solution. We have leveraged our film/foil and sealing technologies to replace and improve the performance of our blister pack used for oral pharmaceuticals in Latin America. Now that we enjoy the leading position in pharmaceutical packaging in Brazil, bringing this production in-house gives us a great opportunity to expand our expertise in this market category and offer innovation to our pharmaceutical customers.  And lastly, an important part of our efforts toward development of more sustainable packaging is the reduction in the use of raw materials. By combining the processing technology of Food Americas with the polymer science of Bemis, we have been able to make a significantly thinner cereal liner while matching all current performance criteria. As I've mentioned before, we have a high-quality portfolio of facilities, and we are making changes to incorporate best practices across all facilities on a continuous basis.  In 2011, we expect earnings per share to continue its double-digit growth trend in spite of some unexpected cost increases. We are behind the raw material cost curve for the fourth quarter of 2010. At the beginning of this quarter, most of our selling prices have been adjusted to reflect these higher costs. But we expect raw material cost to continue their upward trend during the first half of 2011, which will put downward pressure on operating margins until the trend flattens out or reverses. As we have said in the past, while our business model accommodates upward or downward trending raw materials fairly well to minimize the impact of operating margins, dramatic volatility can have a more sizable impact on our short-term results. We currently don't expect anything other than the normal trends.  Capital expenditures were higher than usual in the fourth quarter of 2010, reflecting the impact of project spending, which was somewhat delayed by integration efforts earlier in the year but ultimately needed to be accomplished in 2010 in order to be prepared to meet 2011 capacity demands. Capital expenditures in 2011 will increase to approximately $150 million, which includes the expanded nine-layer capability to support our new products for refrigerated applications such as meat and dairy. These new products add consumer-oriented convenience features to the package and improve barriers to further extend the shelf life of these refrigerated foods. In Latin America, we are also investing in new capacity to expand our production of proprietary barrier films for the protein market in that region. We have been pleased with the positive reception from customers over the past year as we introduced these films to our local customer base. While we expect additional growth in 2011, the benefits of the new capacity will have a stronger impact on 2012. Overall, 2010 was a great year for Bemis. We have experienced an increase of over 30% in net sales, number of facilities and number of employees. And in the process, we've put together a talented team that is learning from each other and making positive changes throughout the business. I am pleased with the strong pipeline of new products that we are commercializing in 2011. Our manufacturing operations are improving every quarter as initiatives move forward, and we are keenly focused on helping our customers benefit from all the value that we have to offer them.  Now I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I guess the first question I had on working capital, Scott, you mentioned that resin prices increasing and selling prices increasing in '10. I was wondering that you're carrying more working capital this year than perhaps you had anticipated and that's clearly understandable. One thing you also mentioned was that you kept higher working capital levels to maintain service through integration, which I would have imagined you would have planned for and therefore, shouldn't have been a source of negative variance. I just want to confirm why that might have been the case and just to make sure that the operations are running as you expect through the integration?
Scott Ullem: Well, we did plan for some of it, but not all of it. And as we integrated over 20 new production facilities, a lot of this was just preventive insurance to make sure that as customers -- that we could fill customers' orders in the timeline that they expected. We think that at this point, we do have the right mix of working capital. We are still moving some production among plants, but we feel good about having our finger on the pulse of the working capital and the inventories they're required to satisfy orders, both at the raw material and the web and the finished goods level.
George Staphos: The second question I have, I think you've mentioned this in the past, but I just wanted to confirm, on the Food Americas contracts that have the somewhat longer lag, if you will, in terms of being able to readjust pricing, when do you think you'll be able to address most of those contracts to get them to, if you will, Bemis' standards?
Scott Ullem: Sure, well as we've said, many of these multi-year contracts are three years in duration. And so as they mature at various points during the next couple of years, we'll work on getting those escalator/de-escalator clauses more synchronized with our policy, which is shorter than what a lot of the Food Americas' contracts were. Many of our multi-year contracts even go up to five years in length. So over the next several years, we'll be making those adjustments, but it's not going to be something that you see it pop in, for example, in the next quarter or two.
Operator: We'll go now to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Trying to dig a little deeper on your full year earnings guidance for '11. If you start with a $2.12 in EPS that you reported in '10 and add the synergies that you outlined for year two of Alcan, that gets you close to $2.30, and I assume that higher raw material costs were sort of backstopping the lower end of your guidance at $2.33. But what would need to happen for you to hit the high end of $2.48? And also what is your base case volume assumption for the year?
Henry Theisen: Well, there's many variables that go into our guidance and what we expect to do for an earnings standpoint in 2011. Some of the headwinds we face in raw materials are some of them. Some of the commodity prices we're seeing and how they're going to affect food industry and the pricing and the volumes along those lines, our pension costs. On the other hand, to get to the higher end, we've got a lot of good things going for us. We've talked about just some of the new products that are coming out of the stream. We've got additional new products that we've been able to develop with the combination with Alcan and Bemis people that are sitting on our customer's doorsteps and hopefully those will commercialize and be successful in 2011. We talked about our abilities when we meet with our operations people and I meet with the process engineers and our product engineers. There's a lot of good things going on there that can lead to increased productivity that can lead to lower cost raw materials going to our products. I gave you an example of the cereal liner. We have a number of those things. If that integration accelerates and increases, that can help us get to the top part. The optimization of our manufacturing footprint that Scott alluded to in his -- and also just being able to acquire the shares of Dixie Toga. So there's a lot of very positive things along our integration stream that can get us to that higher end of our guidance.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Your comments on Latin America customer inventory de-stocking, what gives you comfort that, that's in fact what's occurring versus just a slowdown in market?
Henry Theisen: When I talked to our management team in South America and we got into November, they have talked a little bit to me about the fact that some of their customers were looking at decreasing inventories as just part of what they wanted to do now and how they wanted to end the year. We have good customers there. We have good volumes. We're running a good first quarter, and I think that was just a matter of them making adjustments to end up their fiscal year.
Operator: We'll go now to Sara Magers with Wells Fargo.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Could you give us a little bit more color on the Alcan synergies? I understand they're running on track, that's very good. And I'm just wondering about the buckets of opportunity you have left in 2011, what exactly is left? And then to follow up on that, on the last few conference calls, it seems as though the synergies could be increased based on optimization opportunities and I'm just wondering is that still the case, if you're still seeing further opportunity there?
Scott Ullem: Sure. Sara, as we talked about during the course of last year, we got most of the SG&A savings at the time or shortly after we closed the acquisition on March 1. What we've been focused on since then is aligning production where we want it to be across our plant network. We are partly along that path. We have more work to go, and there were two other key buckets, as you recall, from the original synergy forecast that we laid out. One was really about getting more savings out of that operations and plant optimization effort. That's still ongoing, and it's the reason why we are not going to be able to break out cost saving synergies from integration efforts versus cost savings from our ongoing normal course World Class Manufacturing initiatives. But we feel very good about the path that we're on to achieve better synergies and to really take advantage of our broader manufacturing footprint. Second, in terms of raw material purchasing opportunities, we're just at the front end of being able to negotiate, as well as possible purchasing prices for the resins and films and inks and other raw materials that we purchased as part of our business. So we think there are going to be additional cost savings that come from that. Again, because we've merged with Food Americas now, it's impossible to breakout what portion of that is result of integration, what portion of that is just running our business as efficiently and effectively as possible.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then just to follow up on that, from what I understand, you have now have systems in place that better track the consolidated business. Can you talk a little bit about the cash flow coming out of the Alcan assets? What kind of returns are we looking at, at this point?
Scott Ullem: Again, there's really at this point not a way to break out cash flow from Alcan versus cash flow from Bemis. It's really a merged -- it's a merged enterprise, and so the plants are all operating in a similar fashion and there's no way to break it out.
Operator: We'll go now to Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Scott, I wondered if we could just jump back on kind of working capital and particularly this inventory issue because your inventories year-over-year were up between 65% and 70%. And I wondered if it's possible for you to give us just a sense of how much of that was insurance? How much of that is higher raw material cost? And how much of that is just normal increase because you got a bigger business base and how much of that you may get back as we go through 2011?
Scott Ullem: Mark, it's a good question, and you hit the three buckets that comprised that line. There's really no way to break out and forecast for 2011 how each category is going to look. What I can tell you is that working capital is a key focus at Bemis, and we and multiple different levels of employees throughout the organization get compensated based upon cash cycle and working capital performance. And so it's something that we're really trying to screw down as we go forward in 2011.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: So not possible to give us any sense of just sort of what the elimination of the insurance element might mean for you?
Scott Ullem: Well, the insurance element is reducing, but there's not really any way to quantify it versus raw material costs, for example.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then if I could just do a follow on, is it possible for you to give us any sense of how much new capital you're putting into the Pressure Sensitive business right now?
Henry Theisen: We're not putting really any new capital into our Pressure Sensitive business in the plan for 2011. We have, over the past couple of years, put some capital in there to take a look at growing in our technical and our graphic basis. We needed to take advantage of those investments that we made over the last couple of years.
Operator: We'll go now to Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert Kabili - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to, I guess, first ask on the outlook on the Alcan cost saves, and I appreciate you're not breaking it out any further. But I assume you kind of hit your $30 million savings target this year from your comments and you want to get that $60 million run rate by the end of this year. Can you just help us with how you see that ramping up? Is that a linear ramp throughout the year? Is it loaded one way or the other appreciably?
Henry Theisen: I think that's very close to a linear ramp-up through the course of the year. We'll have a little bit of ups and downs but it's basically, linear.
Scott Ullem: And one of the reasons it's linear is because our World Class Manufacturing initiatives are linear. We're just continuously improving our cost performance as we track it at every level of our production process. It's not as lumpy as it might have been during the integration period. It's just continuous improvement, continuous benefits.
Albert Kabili - Macquarie Research: The other question I had is on, I guess, on the cost inflation front, your customers are certainly seeing a large variety of cost inflation across a variety of input. Are you seeing any change in terms of -- is that causing any change in terms of how they're approaching their packaging outlook?
Henry Theisen: We are not seeing any change being pushed from our customers along those lines. If you go back a number of years ago, we kind of went through this and we came out of it, and what they really looked for was new packaging ideas and new ways to sell their products and to add value. So hopefully, as this goes through, again, it will give us a push to drive out new products and get new things introduced into the marketplace, and that's where Bemis does its best job.
Operator: We'll go now to Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: In your non-pass-through business, have you guys gone out on wage price increases? And have you seen any improvement on the pricing front just because the industry has consolidated a little bit over the years?
Henry Theisen: Our individual division presidents, they know the value. When raw materials go up, their bonuses and their pay is tied to that bottom line. So they know they have to pass those increases on to our non-contract customers, and they have to make sure that with our contract customers, that those increases get passed on at the time when it's allowed. So yes, we have been out and we're passing through these raw material prices.
Philip Ng - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But have you seen any structural improvement with the recent consolidation?
Henry Theisen: I think it's pretty much business as usual. It's still a pretty competitive business.
Operator: We'll go now to Alex O'Shea [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Can we talk about how you're thinking about the margin progression in Mexico. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you acquired a decent size business as part of the Alcan acquisition in Mexico, which had pretty low margins. How do you see the margin opportunity in Mexico and how much of that opportunity is reflected in your 2011 guidance outlook?
Scott Ullem: We haven't forecasted what exactly the profitability is going to be from our Mexico operations. What we can tell you is we now have a very sizable operation in Mexico. Before we were subscale, we're not a leading player. Now we are in Flexible Packaging in Mexico. It's a very good region for us. We've worked hard on rationalizing our operations, both on the production side and on the customer facing side, and we're pleased to see an improvement in profitability already just nine months into the ownership of Food Americas. And so we can't give you a specific forecast of operating margins. What we can tell you is that all the trends that we've seen early on are very favorable.
Unidentified Analyst: And then in terms of the cost inflation that's baked into the '11 outlook, how much of that is higher cost that were realized in the fourth quarter or the second half of last year and flowing through to 2011 versus what you anticipate you will see early on in 2011? Because I know there's a big price increase on polyethylene out there for January, February, but a lot of uncertainty on whether or not that actually gets implemented in the marketplace. So how much of the cost inflation in your number is and what you expect to happen versus what's already happened?
Melanie Miller: Well, the cost that went up in early in the fourth quarter when we start to see that ramp-up, that start hitting the income statement through cost of sales in the first quarter. So that's really, you're right, with the lag, that's the pressure that we feel now in beginning the first quarter of 2011. These announced increases that you're talking about for polyethylene, and maybe Henry can get into a little bit more detail with what we're seeing there, those are the ones that will hit later on as we get to the end of the first quarter and into the fourth.
Henry Theisen: This is Henry. Those increases that occurred in the fourth quarter have already been pass-through. The vast majority of them in our escalator/de-escalators. And what we were going to have to work hard to get through are those announcements that sit out there for the first quarter of 2011.
Operator: We'll move now to Chris Manuel with KeyBanc.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: First is just so I make sure I understand this correctly, when you're thinking about operating cash flow in 2011 and some of the different components within there, we know D&A is going to be up a tick. Working capital, it sounds like you're taking some out, so should we assume that, that's a source of funds for 2011?
Scott Ullem: Well, it may be a small source of funds, but again, a lot of this is going to depend upon where we are in the curve on raw materials. And so difficult to predict where raw materials go, and as a result, it's a little early to tell where we're going to end up with working capital for the year.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: If I could go back to some of the contracts that are working through, you gave an example of a cereal liner that came up as you redesign some components out. Can you maybe use that as an example as well to explain to us how that as a case study of as you went back then and renew the contract, is that an opportunity you have outside of normal within three years, five years what have you that those contracts reset that you can adjust the window for mechanisms, number one, or how you share or look at the cost saves just taking material off by making it thinner? Is that something that you generally can keep in your pocket? Is that something you generally share? How do you -- some example of how that works?
Henry Theisen: That's a good example, this cereal liner. When we develop a new product and I would consider this a new product, this gives us an opportunity to set the price for that new product at the time we offer it to the customer. And then of course, there'll be some negotiation like there always is on pricing and volumes and discussions, but that's an opportunity to set a new baseline price that would go into that contract. And from that point forward, it would work under an escalator/de-escalator just like all the older products. But when we develop a new product, it's a key part of being able to reprice and reset the baseline for that product line.
Operator: We'll go now to Tom Mullarkey with Morningstar Financial.
Thomas Mullarkey: Speaking of the new products, I was hoping you could give an update on FreshCase films and what you're seeing there?
Henry Theisen: Well, FreshCase is an exciting new product for us, and we took a long time to get the government approval, but it is also very exciting for our customer base as they look at what it offers. We have what many customers -- FreshCase now in testing as going through and seeing how it holds up over a shelf life. They're trying different products. They're looking at it. So right now, we're in shelf life test with numerous customers who are very interested in it and the real test will be if they decide to launch some of these products for us in the second half of the year, which is what we expect to do and start to see some sales growth late in the second half of this year.
Operator: We'll go next to Timothy Burns with Cranial Capital.
Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital: One question I had, and I'm sure it's probably just a net of a business right now but the movement -- more and more we're hearing about your movement into high barrier cups, trays and packages. The applications you've talked about are, I don't want to say mundane, but they're out there. Is this kind of product line going to head more towards fresh meat, more towards medical? I mean, could this become a major business unit?
Henry Theisen: I think that it will become, I don't know about a major business unit, but it will become a major part of our overall product offerings because it's going to go into all kinds of different applications. Some are in meat, some of the sliced deli luncheon meats where we really launched this, it's going in the creamers and sauces. It's going into areas that we never even expected when we started into this program a few years ago. So it's going to be a major part of our business, but I think it's going to be part of all of our businesses.
Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital: Henry, do you attach it to a piece of high barrier film that's basically branded onto the top of the lid? I mean, it would seem to me there's a great opportunity for a film tray combination?
Henry Theisen: Yes. Yes, a good example of one of the things I've pointed out through the Alcan acquisition, where Alcan really had some great lidding technologies around heat seals and lacquers, and those married up very well with our rigid cups, so we could supply both the top and the bottom and complete solutions, and that allows you to get after convenience features like easy peels. Other areas where those kinds of things really fit is when we move into the retort area and you make a rigid tray say for a rigid meal and then you have the lid stock, and it has all the technologies that allow you to go through that retort where you cook the product under pressure and temperature, and then it has to cool off and absorb all that and it still goes through. It has to have a year shelf life. And then when the customer finally puts it in their microwave, they wanted to peel it open so they can eat it very easily. So I mean those are two examples, and I think there's going to be a lot more examples as our rigid barrier business matches up with Alcan's and now our lid stock technologies.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: One piggybacking on that question on new products and another one back to Alcan synergies in a minute. I thought I heard you say Henry or Scott that you had some promising applications for barrier packaging for meat and dairy applications within, if I heard it correctly, the refrigerator cabin or the refrigerator. And I guess if I heard that correctly, why would that be something that would actually have a fair amount of growth behind it? I could see it again for retort and shelf stable, but I'm not sure why need such a great barrier applications for refrigerator or refrigerated cabinet type of product in terms of where it's kept?
Henry Theisen: Some of these technologies go into areas where we already are in that area, but we have new films that offer peel seal convenience features that we hope our customers will see the value of it, move more business towards us as we gain market share because we supply a peelable feature. We supply an additional barrier, which extends the shelf life for products. And then not -- don't just think of it as what goes into your refrigerator but also applications that go into more backroom services in hospitals and into restaurants and places where a lot of things are moving from bulk packaging into a flexible packaging like tomato sauces, cheese sauces, those kinds of things, and we're offering again additional barriers and extending the shelf life of a lot of those products. And so really what we're trying to get at here is getting more market share by extended shelf life and by adding convenience features.
George Staphos: The question with synergy and I can appreciate that it's going to be increasingly difficult or now is too difficult to be able to break out either an aggregate or an individual component on a going forward basis because you've been integrating the operations. Having said that, how will you internally be able to track your progress on the synergies that were part of acquiring Alcan, if you have that difficulty trying to disaggregate them and track your progress?
Scott Ullem: Well, just to be clear, it's very easy for us to track and we do track carefully the improvements we have in World Class Manufacturing and cost takeout initiatives, our production side and our operations side and separately to track what our purchase costs are, what our improvements are in raw materials that we purchase. So we look at that very carefully. What we cannot do is determine, okay, how much of savings in this particular class of resin was attributable to the fact that we now own Food Americas versus just growth in our underlying business. So we track it by category. We just can't break it out between Food Americas and Bemis because we're all one company.
George Staphos: Scott, I understand that but if the goal is $60 million and you're at $30 million or so in year one, will you be basically then saying, okay, here's my baseline productivity metric, whatever that might be, here's my baseline purchasing metric whatever that might be and the progress that you see in 2011 you largely ascribe to the combined benefits of the two businesses?
Scott Ullem: That's exactly right. And by the way, yes, that is exactly right. In addition, the metrics that we track well below just World Class Manufacturing is a category. We have a number of different KPIs in the division level and an individual plant levels and an individual piece of equipment that we track carefully. But it all rolls up into terms of what we can track at a consolidated level and reference in aggregate Bemis plus Food Americas.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to come back to volume in the fourth quarter and maybe volume looking forward. I wondered, Scott or Henry, can you give us sort of the closest you can come to sort of apples-to-apples same-store volume in Flexible Packaging in North America in the fourth quarter?
Melanie Miller: In his comments, Scott talked a little bit about the various regions of the world and what we saw, and really it's in the fourth quarter similar to the trends that we saw in the second and third quarter. We saw strong sort of broad volume improvements in North America and weakness in several categories in Europe. In Latin America, we have that inventory correction issues, so we didn't have quite the strength that we had in the second and third quarter in Latin America. But overall, volumes year-over-year were improved in 2010 over 2011. We had some good trends going through, and it was pretty broad-based. I think part of that is because 2009 was a challenging year for volume. So the year-over-year comparisons lent themselves to the positive numbers. And as we go into 2011, we have no reason to think that those trends will change. They've been pretty steady. There are no one-time home run type of items in there, and there are several areas where we're winning new business, and we expect to see volumes in particular categories continue to grow.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, what I was trying to do, Melanie, was a couple of things because I think Scott mentioned that part of the issue with volume growth, if I think about 4% away from acquisitions in North America, part of that was raw materials prices. So I was just trying to get a sense of that 4%, how much is volume and how much is price? And then the other thing I'm curious about it seems like most other packaging companies were showing some reasonable volume growth in Europe year-over-year in the fourth quarter, and you were down. And I just wondered if you could give us some color on what you think might be going on there?
Henry Theisen: In Europe, we saw some increase in volumes sequentially, and what's interesting is as we talk about some of the new products for the technologies that we added to Europe, things that get into PET, peelable seals and protein packaging, those areas where we've invested our money, we've seen growth. If you look overall, some of the more commoditized areas, I'll use the word, where it's just a polyethylene base, we're flat to slightly down. So we continue to see growth in those areas where we have transferred our technology. However, it is a very competitive environment, and we are not the leader in Europe.
Melanie Miller: And if you're looking at splitting up that organic growth, it really depends upon if you're talking about fourth quarter or total year because in the fourth quarter, there wasn't a lot of volume growth because we had the difference between the volume trends in Latin America and Europe versus North America. So it was more driven by price and sales mix. But for the total year, it was probably pretty even because we had, as I said earlier, nice volume growth for the year. But there certainly was a balance with raw material increases that changed the selling prices, as well as just improved sales mix.
Operator: We'll go back to George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Henry and Scott, I haven't recalibrated yet for your full results here this year, but based on what have been kind of our prior forecast, we're modeling for something around two to three percentage point improvement returns on investment in 2011. Again, that's our forecast. What do you think will be the key drivers of improving return on investment in 2011? Do you have a goal in mind that you could share in terms of how much you think you can improve ROI this coming year?
Scott Ullem: ROI is something that we're tracking very carefully. And obviously, everybody focuses on growth and EPS, but where we're spending a lot of our attention is on both margin improvement and the balance sheet. And the way we think about it is really at several different levels. We look at pre-tax return on invested capital both in a disaggregated basis and in a consolidated level. And we look at after-tax return on assets and plain old return on equity. And so we're not forecasting specific returns objectives, but I can tell you that it's a key indicator for us at the senior management team level, it's something that we are focused on growing over the next several years.
Operator: We'll go now to Chris Manuel with KeyBanc.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just a couple of last questions. One was with respect to what you're seeing for specialty resin pricing, what you saw through the second half of '10? What you're seeing right now heading into 2011? Can you give us a sense there?
Henry Theisen: Specialty resins had increases in the last half of 2010, and there are announced increases out there on all specialty resins for the first quarter of 2011, and they're similar in magnitude to the $0.11 per pound increases out there for polyethylene.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then the second question I had was -- and maybe I just missed it in the press release, but did you give a share count or can you tell us what the share count was at the end of the year?
Melanie Miller: No. Unfortunately, you're right, it's not disclosed on the face of the income statement, but you can back into it pretty easily, I think from the numbers that are there. I think it does get disclosed in the 10-K footnotes later on at the end of this coming month in more detail, but it has not been on the face of the income statement for a little while.
Christopher Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Europe. There were just some discussion that you're making some adjustments and some volume coming around there a little bit, but what's your anticipation for '11? That began to become a problem here the end of '10. Is that a business that you think is back on track in '11? How are you feeling over there?
Henry Theisen: I think 2010 was the lowest point for our European business. I expect our European business to increase in profitability and volumes through the course of 2011. I don't think it's going to quite get back to where it was in 2009 very quickly, but 2011 will be a year of increase and I think 2012 will get us back to where we want to be.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. We'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, operator. And before we conclude the call, I just want to reassure everyone that, well, I transferred here from Minneapolis and Scott has been a long time supporter of his hometown team, the Chicago Bears. We all now leave in Neenah, which is only 30 miles south of the infamous Lambeau Fields, and we'll all be cheering for the Packers this Sunday. Have a nice day.
Operator: That concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller – Vice President and Treasurer Henry Theisen – President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Ullem – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi – Baird Sara Magers – Wells Fargo Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Chris Manuel – KeyBanc Capital Al Kabili – McGuire Investments Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan. James Armstrong – Credit Suisse. Michael Hamilton – Royal Bank of Canada David Raso – Citigroup. George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch. Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital.  
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Bemis Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now like to turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer of Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller:  Thank you, operator. Welcome to our second quarter 2010 conference call. Today is July 27th, 2010. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen, and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with his comments on operations followed by Scott with comments on financial results, cash flow and guidance. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, costs and integration risks associated with business combinations, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filing including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry J. Theisen:  Thank you and good morning, everyone. I’m pleased to report that after five months the integration of our Food Americas acquisition is progressing well and ahead of schedule. The cultural integration has been smooth. Our business teams are now completely integrated and we are benefiting from best practices shared across our global businesses. We have integrated the former Food Americas plants within the Bemis plant network using our focused factory strategy. Over time this will offer our business leaders opportunities to identify available capacity and rebalance production as needed to meet customer schedule. We expect to realize tangible cost savings associated with these efforts beginning in 2011. In addition to the integration of plant operations, administrative sales and marketing functions we are taking the opportunity to reorganize our research and development functions to promote accelerated commercialization of new technologies and global product development efforts. With the Food Americas acquisition we acquired a facility in Wisconsin that we now call the Bemis innovation center. In this location we're consolidating our R&D resources to create an improved model for developing innovative solutions for our core markets and expanding our polymer science expertise into new applications. This is an exciting change for Bemis and one that I’m confident will deliver value to our customers and our employees. Convenience has remained an important feature in packaging, even through the economic downturn. Consumers want to maintain the quality and convenience that they have grown accustomed to. Let me highlight two examples of product categories that demonstrate this trend. Single-serve beverages and quick preparation meals. Demand for individual single-serve coffee packages continue to grow as consumers opt for specialty coffee drink that they can make at home, at work and on the go. Powdered drink stick packs are also very popular in Latin America and have been gaining popularity in the United States. Our customers have been aggressively launching quick preparation meals with which consumers can prepare meal for their family in 10 minutes or less. These products cross over several grocery categories, including shelf-stable, refrigerated and frozen foods. Shelf-stable meals are gaining popularity as food companies introduce new products for busy families. Our new acquired retort technology offers an ideal solution for shelf-stable products like pasta and rice meals, baby food, and even pet food. Retort flexible packaging technology essentially offers the same food processing techniques used in canning in a flexible pouch, therefore offering a shelf-stable package to products that would normally require refrigeration. Sandwich kits are also gaining popularity with consumers. These kits include all of the ingredients necessary to make a quality deli-style sandwich at work or on the go. They are available at both grocery stores and convenience stores. We are seeing continuing growth in microwaveable frozen vegetables that incorporate convenience features. These packages have to self-vent at the appropriate time such that the vegetables are uniformly steamed. They can include plain vegetables or vegetables with sauces in a standup pouch format that billboard well in the upright freezer displaces. Packages that include sauces need our unique proprietary film to withstand the higher temperatures generated by the oils in the sauces. In addition to growth in these value-added packaging categories, we have noted an increase in sales volumes in candy and confectionary markets, multi-pack overwrap for beverages, health and hygiene markets, because these packages are less complex and incorporate a higher proportion of commodity resins. The market for these packages has been more competitive. Geographically, our operations in South America are growing nicely. We have the leading packaging manufacturer in that region of the world, and now we have added a leading position in pharmaceutical packaging for the Brazilian market. Recently we have begun to transfer ice film technology for protein packaging to the Brazilian markets with positive results. With the addition of the Food Americas business we now have the leading market position in Mexico, and substantially better facilities in that region. Unfortunately, the Mexican operations have been underperforming. Our management team has responded quickly with a dramatic reduction in specifications and focus on customer service and waste reduction. We are optimistic that these efforts will quickly improve the profitability of this region. In Europe volumes are lagging the rest of the world, although our mix of sales continues to move toward more value-added proprietary packaging. Our operating margins in Europe flexible packaging improved sequentially from first to second quarter, but are still behind the strong margins of 2009. Shifting gears to our pressure sensitive materials business, volumes improved in this business in all product lines and in both North America and Europe, substantially improving operating margins. Overall, it has a positive quarter for organic growth across most of our businesses. During the first quarter we noted that raw material costs were increasing. This continued through April when commodity resin costs began to decline. We would consider commodity resins to include certain grades of polyethylene and polypropylene. These costs appear to have stabilized as we enter the third quarter. The costs of specialty resins increased during the first quarter but stabilized during the second quarter hanging on to first quarter increases. We expect these costs to be relatively stable for the remainder of the year. Our business model incorporates mechanisms that allow us to pass along raw material changes in our selling prices of over one to six months. Creating time lag of 90 days. While the cost increases that we absorbed into inventory in the first quarter put modest pressure on second quarter operating profit. Selling prices adjusted quickly to moderate the impact, likewise the decrease in commodity resin costs during the second quarter is expected to offer only a modest benefit to third quarter operating profit. Finally by managing the integration of manufacturing footprint to support the consolidation of product specifications and emphasize our focused factory strategy, we identified opportunities to reduce our near term capital expenditure requirements while still supporting growth initiatives in key value added areas.  For those who may not have seen it we actually issued two press releases this morning.  One was at earnings release and the other was announcement that we received all necessary review and approval from the FDA and USDA that will allow us to sell our fresh case film product. This film was developed specifically for the case ready meat market which is one in which Bemis has not generally participated in the past. Our new film in a vacuum packaging format offers extended shelf life, lower package material content and added convenience features versus the current case ready format. Now that we have approval, we will restart the marketing process with our customers and expect to begin trials as early as the fourth quarter. If successful, meaningful sales of this product will likely occur toward the end of 2011. The interest in this product extends across meat customers around the globe and we look forward to reporting or progress to you in the coming quarters. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem for his comment on the financials.  
Scott B. Ullem:  Thanks, Henry. I'll begin my comments this morning by reviewing some top level financial highlights from the second quarter, and then explain some of the underlying drivers of our results. I will also provide our outlook for the balance of 2010. Consolidated sales for the second quarter were $1.27 billion, a 47% increase over last year's second quarter. Currency translation increased consolidated net sales by 2%.  Adjusted earnings per share totaled $0.58 in the quarter. This reflects GAAP diluted earnings from continuing operations of $0.52 plus special charges of $0.06 which was the impact of acquisition related costs of purchase accounting. Please refer to the reconciliation page in our press release for more details. This is a 16% increase over last year's second quarter adjusted EPS and at the high end of our quarterly guidance of $0.53 to $0.58.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $23 million over the second quarter of 2009, reflecting higher costs associated with running a bigger business. However, we are on pace to realize the announced year one cost savings synergies from the integration of Food Americas. Research and development expenses in the second quarter were $2.2 million higher, again reflecting higher expenses associated with the acquisition. Cash flow from operating activities was $126 million for the second quarter. Since working capital was negative in the first quarter, our total cash flow from operating activities for the first half was $124 million.  Our debt to total capital ratio decreased to 43% at the end of June. Commercial paper outstanding declined to $329 million at the end of June. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter, we further reduced commercial paper with the $82 million of cash proceeds we received from the sale of our discontinued operations on July 13th. As of June 30th, our total debt outstanding was $1.475 billion of which about 75% was in fixed rate bonds with weighted average interest rate of 5.9%. Our commercial paper borrowing rate is currently below 40 basis points annually, which brought our blended interest rate at quarter end to 4.6%.  Now let’s turn to some of the underlying drivers of our financial performance in the second quarter. Sales in our largest segment, flexible packaging increased 54% from the second quarter of 2009. Of this increase about 45% was driven by the Food Americas acquisition and to a much lesser extent our June 2009 acquisition of the rigid packaging business in South America. In addition, currency translation increased net sales by almost 3%. While about 6% of our flexible packaging sales originated from our European operations where the currency weakened over the past 12 months, nearly 20% of our segment sales came from our operations in South America where we transact in Brazilian reals, a currency that strengthened by nearly 18% compared to the second quarter of 2009. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, and currency fluctuations, the remaining 6% organic increase in flexible packaging net sales was driven by increased unit volumes, an increased sales of value-added products. When we analyzed that 6% organic growth rate by region, the results are as follows: North American flexible packaging sales grew over 7%, driven by packaging sales for a broad array of markets including processed meat, confectionary, frozen foods, pet products, coffee, liquids, multi-pack, lawn and garden, medical device, health and hygiene, and display films. In our Latin American operations, we continued to experience double-digit sales growth. Increased sales across nearly every market category provides further evidence that the Latin American market is expanding and offers exciting growth opportunities for our proprietary films structures. In Europe we saw increased sales of packaging for cheese products and medical device markets, although total sales in this region decreased by about 10% from last year's levels due to lower volumes and other packaging markets. Adjusted flexible packaging operating profit as a percentage of net sales was 11.8% this quarter compared to 14% for the second quarter of 2009. Last year's higher margins reflected benefits from declining raw material costs ahead of selling price adjustments. In addition, this year's second quarter results reflected the lower margin profile of the Food Americas business we acquired. We are in the early days of executing our longer-term integration plans to improve Bemis's post-acquisition consolidated operating margins.  In the first quarter, we provided a breakout for the financial results of Food Americas. Now, that we are well down the path of integrating the acquisition, it is no longer meaningful to provide any kind of breakout. This is because we have rebalanced production among our plants as well as absorbed all of the costs associated with supporting the acquired operations into Bemis's administrative structure. Shifting to our pressure sensitive materials business segment, net sales and operating profit improved as customer demand returned to product lines that had been hard hit by soft economic conditions during 2009. Excluding the 2.3% negative impact from the quarter-over-quarter weakening of the euro, net sales for this segment increased about 10%. Sales volume increased across all product lines including double-digit increases in value-added graphic and technical product lines. This increased volume level combined with improved sales mix, also helped drive operating profit from 2.2% of sales in the second quarter of 2009, to 8.2% this quarter. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter and total year, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter to be in the range of 55 to $0.60. This range reflects several expectations. The third quarter is historically slightly weaker than our seasonally strong second quarter. We expect little change in the cost savings synergies run rate from the second quarter to third quarter, and any benefit from the impact of resin costs decreases during the second quarter will be modest. For the total year of 2010, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.20, up from our guidance in April of 2 to 2.15. Consistent with our previous guidance this excludes the impact of financing costs for the first two months of 2010 before the Food Americas acquisition was completed, which represented approximately $0.06 per share. In addition, guidance does not reflect the impact of severance charges, acquisition related professional fees, or purchase accounting adjustments for inventory and order backlog. For the second half of the year, cash from operations is expected to strengthen but we now believe working capital may be a use of cash for 2010. Capital expenditures for the second quarter including the new facilities, were slightly lower than the second quarter of 2009, we are revising our CapEx guidance downward to around $140 million for the year, a decline from our original guidance of 160 to $170 million. This lower CapEx forecast reflects our ongoing commitment to invest in projects that support growth initiatives, while at the same time recognizing the attractive existing condition and capacity of our now expanded production platform. In addition, our world-class manufacturing initiatives are delivering excellent results without meaningful incremental capital requirements. We are continuing to examine where we want to make investments across this asset base and long-term we believe CapEx will be more closely aligned with depreciation and amortization. But for the foreseeable future, we expect CapEx to be lower than D&A, which this year should be in the range of $210 million. In addition to capital expenditures, debt pay down and regular dividend payments, we expect to use about 50 to $55 million of our free cash flow in the second half of 2010, to repurchase the minority shares of our Brazilian subsidiary, Dixie Toga, a transaction we announced on May 14th. It is important to note there is still no assurance the tender offer will be completed successfully, and if it is it likely will be late enough in the year that any impact to full-year 2010 EPS will be insignificant. Now, operator, we would like to open the line. Henry, Melanie, and I will be pleased to answer questions. 
Ghansham Panjabi – Baird: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi – Baird: Hey, just a clarification question, if you could, your original $2 or 2.15 or EPS guidance for the full year, I assume that didn't include any impact from the divested operations. Is that fair?
Henry Theisen:  That's correct. There was no discontinued operations in that -- in that estimate.
Ghansham Panjabi – Baird: Okay. So -- and looks like discounted operations is based on 2Q run rate. Is it going to be about $0.06 on an annual basis?
Henry Theisen: Well, just to be clear, there was no discontinued operations in, in our income statement in our 10-Q, and none of the guidance that we have put out there is included in discontinued operations. So it’s really stripped out of all the numbers we talked about. 
Ghansham Panjabi – Baird: Okay. Good. And just Henry, in terms of the market opportunity for fresh case, you know obviously the approval process has been very slow, is the market opportunity that you saw initially for this business in '07 still there, and can you also update on what’s happened in the market over the past three years, thank you.
Henry Theisen: Gosh, I believe it is still there. The major retailers still continue to sell fresh meat prepackaged by the slaughterhouses. This will give an opportunity that they can brand it if they wish to brand it. If it is expanding in the marketplace. And I think we have an excellent opportunity in the segment of the business that we really don't participate in currently. Operator: We'll take our next question from Sara Magers with Wells Fargo.
Sara Magers – Wells Fargo:  Good morning.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning, Sara. 
Sara Magers – Wells Fargo:  Good morning. I was impressed with the reduction in SG&A in the quarter and I'm wondering what is the details behind that and if it’s sustainable at all. And then I guess my follow up to that would be with the increased marketing you're expecting with your new case-ready products, do you expect this to go back up? 
Henry Theisen:  Sure. Why don't I tackle the first one, which is the reduction in SG&A. SG&A actually grew in the second quarter over second quarter of 2009, with the addition of the – of the Food Americas acquisition. And so we're still – we're still integrating operations and we're still getting benefit from the – from the rationalization of our structure. But we've seen -- we've realized most of the benefits that we originally set out to realize in SG&A in year one of the acquisition. 
Scott Ullem:  I'll take the second question on case-ready. As you know, we sell into the protein markets, so we have the marketing, the R&D, the development, the sales people. And in addition, this product is not one that is going to require a lot of CapEx for us to initiate. So I do not foresee SG&A going up as a result of our case-ready efforts.  Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank.:  Good morning. 
Henry Theisen:  Good morning, Mark. 
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank.:  Henry I wonder if you could talk just a little bit about pressure sensitive. Your sales were up nicely there, especially if we adjust for FX, and also your margins are good. Can you give us some sense of, you know, what you think is left in terms of kind of incremental sales recovery? And also, you know, can you get that operating margin above you know, 8, 8.5%, in that business? 
Henry Theisen:  You know we're very happy with the improvement of our pressure-sensitive business over last year. Last year we had to take some very difficult steps to react to how the economy was behaving especially with our roll label business. We have been able to maintain that cost structure as we’re seeing our sales go up, so that’s driving some margin improvement. We've also taken a look at our business over the last three or four years, and drove our business from roll label where we want to maintain what we have, but we drove our business more into the graphics area and into the technical markets and we're starting to see some sales growth as a result of those activities. As far as your last question, I think we can get up above 8.5%, but it’s not a double-digit return business, it’s a business that’s going to be in that 8 to 10%.  Operator: We'll take the next question with Chris Manuel from KeyBanc Capital. 
Christopher Manuel – KeyBanc Capital:  Good morning.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning. 
Christopher Manuel – KeyBanc Capital:  A couple of questions for you. First, I want to go back to what Ghansham asked you about earlier a little bit about case-ready, the new offering that you have there. Can you go back and refresh us, where is the market today? I believe it was up 500ish million market several years back. What do look at the addressable market is that primarily a North American market? How do you anticipate attacking that market, et cetera?
Henry Theisen:  Well, I think it's really a global market. You know, the technology that we have, that would allow you to use vacuum packaging which really tenderizes the meet and can extends the shelf life would be applicable in all of the regions of the world where we do business. The largest market here in North America and we looked at this few years ago, we thought it was approximately a $400 million market. I wouldn't have any intelligence to say it's any different. But we're very excited about it. It is something that we don't get a chance to participate in, so it has given us a lot of good growth opportunity of ourselves. And we think we will deliver some features for the consumer that will be as far as convenience, the ability to freeze it without repackaging it, the extended shelf life, easy open, all of those types of convenience features. I think this will be an excellent product for our customers and the consumers.
Christopher Manuel – KeyBanc Capital: Okay. And then follow-up question I had, as you went through some of the different segments, it sounded like – I think Scott you gave some numbers North America up 7%. Is that an organic volume number?
Melanie Miller: It wouldn't be all volume. Its volume combined with mix. 
Christopher Manuel – KeyBanc Capital: Okay. So I missed the ones for South America and Europe. Do you have what those were, by chance? Henry Theisen Yeah, South America was up double-digit total, sales excluding currency, up double-digit. And Europe was actually down roughly 10%, excluding currency. But in Europe there were – we still saw some mix improvement, but the more commodity type of items we sell in Europe were down across the board.
Christopher Manuel – KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Thank you.  Operator: We'll take our next question from Al Kabili with McGuire Investments.
Al Kabili – McGuire Investments: Hi good morning, thanks. Question on resin. If maybe you could give us a little more color on – maybe help us quantify a bit more on what the impact to resin would have been in this quarter and what you're looking for as a benefit in the third quarter?
Scott Ullem: I think that we're going to have a modest benefit in the third quarter. Likewise, the effect of the resin dropping in the second quarter was very modest. The more commodity resins had a price run-up in the first quarter, which we passed through, through our escalated/de-escalators. And the time of the resin dropping in the second quarter, a lot of that is going to be benefit will be negated by passing those through the escalated/de-escalator clauses of our contracts. So I think we had a very modest effect on resins for the second quarter and I predict a very modest effect on that for the third quarter.
Al Kabili – McGuire Investments: Okay. And by modest are we talking well under $10 million of operating profit impact?
Scott Ullem: You know we really don't have that detail at this point. It’s not something that we're prepared to offer.
Al Kabili – McGuire Investments: Okay. Thank you.  Operator: We'll take our next question from Claudia Hueston with JPMorgan. 
Henry Theisen:  Good morning, Claudia. 
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan:  Hi. How are you?
Henry Theisen: Great, yourself? 
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan: I'm good, thank you. Just two questions. Maybe just one quick follow-up on resins just following the Alcan deal. How should we be thinking about your mix between specialty and commodity resins?
Henry Theisen: Claudia, right now our resin mix is about in terms of volume, a little bit more than 50% in polyethylene and polypropylene. In terms of cost, it may be 50-50, or maybe a little bit more in dollar terms for the specialty resins that we buy.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan:  Okay.
Henry Theisen: Claudia, I think that the resins that Alcan Food Americas purchased would lie very over the resins that we would purchase and it would be very similar.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan: Okay. That’s really helpful. Thank you. And then just one question just on Western Europe, volumes there, obviously a little bit weak still. But I was just curious if you could comment on how your facilities are running. I know you've spent a lot of time over the last couple of years, really trying to improve the operating efficiencies within your European system. How do you feel that those assets are running at this point?
Henry Theisen: We did put a lot of effort into improving the assets that we have in our Western European business, and most of those businesses we acquired as parts of a different acquisition. And we transferred -- we worked hard at transfer technologies to make value added products. Those areas that we have invested in, where we transferred our ice technologies, our polyester technologies, are shrink bag technologies, those assets are performing very well, and the usage of those assets is pretty strong.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.  Operator: We'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Chip.
James Armstrong – Credit Suisse: Good morning, this is James Armstrong for Chip. I just had a question regarding your future growth strategy. Would you be willing to make further acquisitions in the near future potentially as early as 2011?
Henry Theisen: Absolutely. We still are very acquisitive. We've got a good balance sheet. We're looking for acquisitions that can add technology. We look for acquisitions that can grow our geography or add new customers. So, we are very acquisitive and interested in acquiring businesses that will fit our growth strategy.
Scott Ullem: Okay. I’ll just add near term again we're in the process right now of buying in the minority shares of our Brazilian subsidiary, which will be a 50 or $55 million use of cash we think between now and year end.
James Armstrong – Credit Suisse: Okay. And following up, is there any particular region or specialty that you would be most interested in acquiring?
Scott Ullem: I don't think we have any specific area. We'd be open to just about anything.
James Armstrong – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much. Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Hamilton with Royal Bank of Canada.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Hamilton – Royal Bank of Canada:  Good morning and congratulations.
Henry Theisen:  Thank you.
Michael Hamilton – Royal Bank of Canada:  Would like your thoughts on Europe. Obviously you've got a relatively new management team that's done a nice job. I just wanted to know how they're addressing the weakness, if we ex out meat and cheese, how much of your sense of what's going on is customer destocking, and how much of it is market weakness, if that is definable? And how much of it is their willingness to lose commodity share in a tough environment?
Henry Theisen:  In Western Europe, it's a small segment, a small reasonable segment, small segment of our flexible packaging business. And our management team over there is concentrating on the specialty products, the value-added products where they can offer solutions for our customers and in the end the consumer, such things as easy-open, such things as receivable product lines. And that's what they're concentrating on. And we are a distant –- I don't know if we're number two, but we're distant to Amcor Alcan propositions. So, we're trying to grow in those niche areas where we can add value.
Michael Hamilton – Royal Bank of Canada:  Is the feeling destocking there, or some willingness to lose market share off the commodity portion?
Henry Theisen:  We're going to run our businesses to return an operating profit and an EPS number for our shareholders, and if those businesses get so competitive that we can't seem to do that, then we'll move on.
Michael Hamilton – Royal Bank of Canada:  Thanks. And if I could sneak in one final one. R&D is kind of second quarter what we see, what we get or will there be some cost reduction out of the integration?
Henry Theisen:  It’s probably a good proxy for the run rate that we'll have at least going forward where we were up $2.2 million second quarter 2010 over 2009. And I would emphasize what Henry mentioned about our Bemis Innovation Center which is a very important cornerstone of our growth strategy to offer our flexible packaging customer differentiable value added products and that comes from our – now enhanced R&D group. Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tim Thain with Citigroup.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning, Tim.
David Raso – Citigroup:  Hi. It’s actually David Raso for Tim. Good morning to you all.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning.
David Raso – Citigroup:  Hi, I had a question about your capital expenditure guidance. Last couple of years the spending obviously been a lot more, and you mentioned that you expected it to tick back up to mass depreciation. How long a guide path do you think it will take before depreciation and CapEx come together? And given that you've spent combined, I guess, well over 200 million, is the lower level in the future, will that be enough to get all the spending that your plans need?
Henry Theisen: Over the last – this will be the third year in a row that we've had CapEx spending substantially below D&A in our Bemis units. And previous to that we saw some opportunities to add technology and to add capacity where needed, which we did. We filled up a lot of that capacity. We have been very good in our world class manufacturing in driving productivity, reducing waste, getting substantially more output out of the equipment we have.  With the acquisition of Alcan, we’re finding that they also have assets which are similar to ours, and as you start to focus these are all the assets throughout the new Bemis, and we improved the productivity we focused those assets we get more off of those assets. So I think we could have a couple years here of reduced CapEx spending below D&A.  Now, the FreshCase and a few other things we have in our R&D repertoire break out, we will be happy to increase that spending for those new products.
David Raso – Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you. Operator: We'll take our next question from George Staphos with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning, George.
George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch:  Hi, guys. Good morning. I jumped on the call late. I apologize if you discussed any of this previously. With – I guess first question I had with your customer base in food and generally consumer products, are you seeing an improvement, continued improvement in their willingness to launch new products, say relative to what you have seen, Henry, a year ago. And how do you expect that to play out within your mix in products in next couple of quarters and into 2011?
Henry Theisen:  You know, I think our customers see packaging as a way to differentiate themselves on the marketplace. And I really don't believe that in the recession like we went through here or year-to-year, you see a big change in our customers' willingness to introduce new packages and new products and new formats. I just don't see it because the package is so important in selling the product and whether a consumer picks product A or product B. So I think they'll keep continuing up coming out with new products. We saw all the things. We mentioned some of them with stick packs. We saw some of them in the coffee retail market. Everybody likes the convenience. They like the quality. And I just don't see a new product introduction slowing down.
George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Would that argue, then, that your margins should more or less, if we could extract Alcan from this discussion for a minute, which I know is different difficult to do, but if you were looking at a same-store basis, if you will, will that suggest margins more or less have reached the level we should expect for the future, i.e., new products are more or less churning at the same level or do you think that overtime as you bring out new products in line with what your customers have been projecting that you have chance to continue to see a margining up of the flexible business?
Henry Theisen:  You know we intend to see a margining up of the flexible business. And I think it’s going to be hard to really pick out which ones come from new products and which comes from uplifting the acquisitions sales and the acquisition margins that we acquired here.
George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll turn it over and I'll be back, thanks. Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank:  Yeah. Henry, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the Mexican business. I know it’s not a big business, but it seems like it has struggled here for the last several years, and wondered if you have kind of a sense of when you can really get that business turned around and running at an optimal level?
Henry Theisen: Well, I think we're going to start to see improvements in our Mexican business in the fourth quarter and through 2011. That’s when I think we're going to start to see the improvements. They will probably take us into 2012 to really get it running right. We bought a small Mexican business a number of years ago, which just kind of got us in the market. The acquisition of Mexico or the acquisition of Food Americas Alcan gave us substantial increase in footprint and in assets that we have in Mexico. It is performing poorer than we thought it would be when we made the acquisition, but our management teams have dug in. We’ve made some changes in the management staff. We have made some changes in our product mix and I think we're going to start to see some of those benefits flowing through the fourth quarter of this year.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And If I could as just a follow-on. Could you just, one more time on the resin. Given the drop that we had in the second quarter, it just sounds like we're not going to see much -- you're not assuming much benefit in the third quarter and it’s not like it’s going to lag into the fourth quarter, that we're just really not going to see a whole lot of benefit from that. Can you explain why that is the case?
Henry Theisen: Well, first off, our resin buy is about half specialty resins and about half polyethylene or commodity grade resins. The specialty resins things like nylon polyesters, [indiscernible] polymers, went up in price, they stayed at those levels. They're not increasing, but they didn't drop. So to begin with, you have half or slightly more than half of your raw materials for the Bemis Company, not changing in the second half of the year. So you're really down to some commodity resins and the timing of when those fell, versus the timing of when we passed those through to our customers, were almost on top of each other, so we're not going to see a large lag because of the timing of when that occurred.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Operator: We'll take our next question from Al Kabili with Macquarie Investments.
Al Kabili – Macquarie Investments:  Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow-up on cost synergies and relative to the 30 million of that you're expecting this year, can you give an update of how you're tracking towards that 30 million this year, how much you've realized thus far. And then as you look out to next year and you spent more time with the acquisition, are you – are you feeling more confident on the 60 million annual run rate goal, is there upside to that? Thanks.
Henry Theisen: Sure. In terms of this year's synergy performance, we have realized or taken action on the SG&A opportunities and plans that we had set out to do right out of the box. And so we are on pace right now to achieve the SG&A cost savings for year one. We are just starting to see the second component of our year one cost saving plan which is raw material advantages. And so we expect those will start to layer in more in more in Q3 and Q4, so that by the end of 2010, we will have realized that $30 million cost saving synergy number that we had set out to achieve. In terms of 2011, we still feel very good about the plans that we have in place to extract cost savings as we turn our attention to our plant network, and I think our views about the dollar impact have not changed, which is that between the year-end 2010, where we will have realized about $30 million in cost saving synergies, and 2011, where we will be on a run rate of about $60 million in cost saving synergies it would be a pretty steady progression from that 30 to 60 during the course of 2011. So it is not perfectly predictable, but our views about that path and the actions that we're taking to achieve those synergies are the same as they have been for the past several months. Operator: Take another follow-up question from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Hi, guys. It sounds like you've gotten a couple of questions on resin previous in the call. I guess one question I would have, in past quarters you have been able to at least for a period of time, benefit from the rate of change in your input costs relative to as they – as those costs are translated into selling prices and passed through. Was there something that made that gap narrower in this particular quarter or is it just a -- if you will, aberrational time effect -- timing effect that, normally wouldn't occur on a going-forward basis?
Henry Theisen:  If you look at what happened with commodity prices, they really continued to rise through about April, and then took a real nose-dive through the second part of April into May. And then by the end of the third quarter -- second quarter, excuse me, they had really come back to almost the same levels where the commodity resin prices were at the beginning of the year. And so it is tough to pin down exactly the impact interquarter and intraquarter. But as we look out over the course of the balance of 2010, where we're basically flat from the beginning of the year to midway to the year, our expectations for commodity prices are really more of a stable environment for the next two quarters.
George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. But presumably, let's say that we do have an environment, hypothetically, where a resin prices would continue to decline, guys, you would imagine you would imagine you would get some marginal benefit over again for the more traditional timing effects that would occur. Would that be fair?
Henry Theisen:  That would be fair, George. If resin materials continue to fall -- in the past where we've seen benefits. We've seen that all the resins, whether they were specialty or polyethylene would fall and we are not seeing that with specialty.
George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understand. I will turn it over and be back. Thanks. Operator: We'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse.: Yes, thank you. And I apologize, if this has been touched on, but as you look at the at the Alcan Americas acquisition and you're obviously seeing the synergies you expected, I know there was discussion early in the process of technology, transfer and acquisition that you could take from that business or at least what you have in the existing business and apply it to that business that you acquired and that would obviously impact 2011 and above and beyond. Are you seeing any surprises in terms of what you've discovered in that business, or in how you can transfer what you've done here in the U.S. into some of the other geographies?
Scott Ullem: I think we're seeing some very pleasant surprises as our R&D Group works with the Food Americas R&D group, and that's one of the reasons when we saw some of the subtleties that they have and the way they approach things and you mirror with ours, we have substantial growth opportunities coming out of our R&D Group in the future, and that's why we're going forward and we’re excited about putting the R&D organizations together in what we call the Bemis innovation center and take advantage of those synergies between the development groups.
Henry Theisen: One of the things we realized after we closed the acquisition, was that there is actually a very robust pipeline of new technology, innovative ideas, that was held in the R&D group at Food Americas that really had not yet been commercialized. And so one of the things we're doing is working on combining that pipeline of R&D ideas, and we're putting together plans to really commercialize what we've got – what we've got in inventory. The other thing I've noted is that there are very – there's very robust opportunity to transfer ideas across regions, so it’s not just great ideas coming out of North America being exported to South America, but there's a lot of strong technology and product platform in South America that we're going to use to sell into other regions of the world. Operator: We'll take our neck question from George Staphos with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Hi, guys, you might have covered it before, but in putting the R&D centers or capabilities together, do you envision, then, over time moving your R&D folks within legacy Bemis out to the old, Neenah facility I shouldn't say old but the Neenah facility of Food Americas?
Henry Theisen: That's what we're doing, George. We're taking the facility here in Neenah that Food Americas had and which was an excellent R&D facility and we’re going to be moving the legacy R&D Bemis people in there with the LTN people so we start to have better exchanges of technologies.
George Staphos – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: When that facility was part of, you know, American Can and American National Can, were they solely flexible packaging that they were doing there or were there other capabilities, you know, whether it be around, you know, metal packaging and others that have since been moved out and could be a cost save for you?
Henry Theisen:  You know, I can only comment there on when we took over, it really was flexible packaging. There wasn't really any Can or other things that the old American Can had there. 
George Staphos – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. The last question and then I'll turn it over and have a good quarter. Should we expect corporate expense from the current I guess $25 million level to, you know, over time trend somewhat lower as you continue to work on optimizing R&D and work on SG&A, as you're pleased with the progress you've made thus far?
Henry Theisen:  Right, well, there is some overlap between corporate expense that you saw on the table on our financial statements, and SG&A in the income statement along with other income and expense. So those numbers will be moving around. I think overall, as I mentioned before, we feel good about the cost reduction actions that we've taken as part of our integration plan in 2010. And so you'll see an accumulation of those cost savings over time. As we identify, we're looking for other opportunities, but we haven't quantified any work that we can share at this stage. 
George Staphos – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  All right. Thank you very much, guys. 
Henry Theisen:  Thank you.  Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Khoshaba with KSA Capital. 
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital: Hi, good morning.
Henry Theisen:  Good morning, Dan. 
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital:  Could you share with us where your cost savings as a result of the Alcan acquisition, are going to come from in various categories. For instance, how much would you expect to come from areas inside cost of goods sold versus SG&A and R&D? And then lastly in that corporate line? 
Melanie Miller: Yeah, if you look at the synergies we expect for 2010 about let's say about a third of it – third of that $30 million of synergies we expect to realize would be focused on just savings on raw materials, just because we're able to buy raw materials better, as a combined larger company. And take advantage of what was -- what has been negotiated by the separate companies before this year. And then looking at the other two-thirds, I'm doing rough numbers, but roughly a third would be related to the benefit plan costs that were left with Rio Tinto. And in that case, you’re really looking at a number that’s going to be spread between cost of sales and SG&A depending if they are direct labor costs versus SG&A type of labor costs. So I can't – I don't really have any ability to split that out, but you could say...
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital: Okay. So some portion of that is sold in SG&A.
Melanie Mille: Exactly. That’s going to be – and then the rest is all SG&A cost administrative overlap, things that I would say is generally in SG&A.
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital: So fairly evenly, kind of split among different expense categories.
Melanie Mille: Roughly, yes.
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital: Yeah. As a question, I mean, I don't know if you could look at it this way, but if you looked at Alcan's business, the business you acquired on a standalone basis were their margins, their flexible margins up versus a year ago? And can you give us any color on that?
Henry Theisen: We can’t, at this point, we integrated the businesses so quickly that we really lost the ability to derive any meaningful trends in call it the legacy Food Americas business versus the legacy Bemis business.
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital: Yeah.
Henry Theisen: And so we really can't break out one versus the other. What we can say is clearly our operating margin percentages are down year-over-year. And that’s really the focus of our attention over the next couple of years, which is how do we improve the overall consolidated operating margin of Bemis company to higher levels. And we feel really good about the plants we have in place and started executing to do that.
Daniel Khoshaba – KSA Capital: Okay. Thank you. Operator: (Operator Instructions). Ms. Miller it appears we have no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to you, and the presenters for any additional or closing comments.
Melanie E. R. Miller:  Thank you very much, operator. And thank you very much, everyone, for joining us today. I hope you have a great rest of your summer and we'll look forward to talking to you again soon.  Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen; once again that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller – VP, IR and Treasurer Henry Theisen – President and CEO Gene Wulf – SVP and CFO Scott Ullem – VP, Finance
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W Baird Tim Thein – Citigroup Chris Manuel – KeyBanc Capital Markets Sara Magers – Wells Fargo Securities Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan Mike Hamilton – RBC Capital Al Kabili – Macquarie James Armstrong – Credit Suisse Benjamin Wong – Bank of America Joseph Naya – UBS
Operator: Good day everyone, welcome to the Bemis first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms Melanie Miller. Ms Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you operator. Welcome to our 2010 conference call today April 29, 2010. A replay of this call will be available on our Web site, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf; and our Vice President of Finance, Scott Ullem. Today Henry will begin followed by Gene with comments on financial results, and then Scott will discuss cash flow and guidance. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, the timing of the sale of discontinued operations, costs and integration, risk associated with business combinations, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. Now, I will turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry Theisen: Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. I want to start off by saying how pleased we are with the business and talent that we have acquired. As I attend integration status and regular management meetings, I am thrilled at the enthusiasm in the combined organization and the opportunities identified by these leadership teams, to improve operations, utilize the combined technologies, and take Bemis to a higher level of service to our customers. Moving forward, we are in a great position to grow the topline as well. Material science remains a catalyst for growth in our business with added expertise in our employee [ph] handling, crystalized polyester trays and retort packaging. We are also pleasantly surprised to find that our acquired business has more complementary technologies than we have previously recognized. There are several examples of innovative Food Americas product developments that will benefit from Bemis technologies and vice versa. With this acquisition, we acquired an excellent technology centre in which we will house all of our R&D talent and technologies. This new Bemis innovation centre will be utilized to escalate the development of new products, integrate technology platforms within the new organization, and enhance our R&D efficiency to drive value for our customers. This integration will create and improve the opportunities for all Bemis operations to assess new technologies and expand the reach of our unique products to new market segments and new geographies. With our strong customer relationships and expanded product reach, we are well positioned to deepen and broaden our strategic partnerships assisting customers to meet their growth objectives and ours. This means more opportunities to bring new ideas, new technologies, and new capabilities to the attention of these global foods, consumer products, and healthcare companies. Additionally, we tend to grow geographically through our leading market position in Mexico and additional operations in Australasia. Again, all of these growth initiatives will take time to create positive momentum but we are positioning ourselves during this integration to promote an organizational structure that facilitates growth from every angle. As we look across our expanded portfolio of plans, there are many areas of best practices that will be shared to improve each and every operation. Our business teams have already begun to look at optimizing production schedules and specifications between plans wherever possible. We expect these actions will improve profitability and efficiency. Now, turning to the first quarter results, the first quarter generally starts slow, March to be one of the strongest months of the year as we prepare for the seasonally stronger second and third quarters. This year was no exception. We entered the quarter with good volume levels and a strong backlog heading into the second quarter. The raw material cost environment has turned 180 degrees from where it was one year ago. In early 2009, we were experiencing declining raw material cost, and enjoying a short-term benefit from the lag in adjusting selling prices. Selling prices had absorbed most of the raw material cost changes by July and the second-half of 2009 was relatively quiet. In 2010, we are now facing increasing raw material cost and experiencing a short-term negative effect from the lag in adjusting selling prices. The increase impacts all of our raw materials although to varying degrees and for varying reasons. These raw material cost increases are being passed on to our customers. Our top priority for 2010 is to successfully integrate the Food Americas business into Bemis as soon as possible. I have personally met with many of our customers and I have committed to smoothly integrate this business in a way in which we could provide them a long-term innovative customer supplier relationship. Part of a successful integration involves the achievement of cost savings synergies and the identification of additional opportunities to enhance operating profit. I am pleased to report that we believe that we are ahead of schedule with regard to our cost savings synergies’ goal for 2010. Most of the synergies achieved today are related to SG&A overhead costs associated with duplicate positions or a function not transferred to Bemis at closing. I have challenged the collective management organization to control cost, and maintain this level of synergies as we integrate the operations. Just to be clear, the integration of the operations in not an exercise in capacity consolidation, it is a program of capacity optimization. These acquired facilities give us the opportunity to better focus certain technologies, processes and specifications. This means fewer equipment changeovers, better line speeds, more efficient purchasing, better quality control and improved profitability. We will see the benefits of these efforts beginning in 2011. Now, I will turn the call over to Gene for his comments on the financials.
Gene Wulf: Thank you Henry and good morning everyone. With this quarter’s closing of the Food Americas transaction, we must explain several special items related to the transaction that will make our financial statements more understandable and comparable. I will do my best to bring more clarity to this quarter’s results. Today we reported GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.27 and an additional $0.01 from discontinued operations for a total diluted earnings per share of $0.28. This GAAP earnings per share includes the impact of several special items during the quarter. We have excluded these special items in our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations as shown on the reconciliation table in our press release to arrive at the results of $0.48 per share. You will see on the reconciliation table, we have excluded the January and February pre-funding acquisition related costs, specifically the interest expense on the $800 billion of bonds and the dilution effect from the sale of 8.2 million shares sold last July to partially fund the transaction. This represented about $0.06. Since the acquisition was completed on March 1, at that point these costs were no longer reconciling items as they financially support the now completed transaction. We excluded the transaction related cost for the quarter, including such costs as investment banking fees and other professional fees, which totaled about $0.08 per share. We excluded the purchase accounting impact from the write-up of finished goods and work-in-process inventory on hand, and the backlog market value at closing. In purchase accounting, these items are re-valued to a market value rather than cost. Thus when these items are sold from the inventory, they have nominal profit margins. This accounted for a charge of about $0.07 per share that was added back to adjusted earnings per share this quarter. With these adjustments, we believe adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations more properly reflects our quarterly results and are more comparable to past and future quarters. Back in January, before we knew the timing of the acquisition closing, we provided guidance for the first quarter and said that we expected adjusted earnings per share for Bemis’ legacy business to be similar to last year. In the first quarter 2009, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.43. In the first quarter of 2010, our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.48. However, this amount includes the March results of the Food Americas acquisition. The legacy Bemis results are approximately $0.44 per share for the quarter, and about $0.01 per share above our guidance. The GAAP earnings per share attributable to the Food Americas acquisition was a $0.03 per share loss. This $0.03 loss included the $0.07 purchase accounting charge that was added back to arrive at the adjusted earnings per share. Therefore, since we add back the purchase accounting charge to arrive at our adjusted earnings per share, we would add back that same amount to the March result of the Food Americas acquisition. The $0.03 Food Americas loss becomes a $0.04 profit that is part of our $0.48 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations. As Henry mentioned, integration of these plans within the Bemis portfolio plans is well underway, and while we are pretty comfortable with our ability to identify profit contribution from those plans for the month of March, this calculation becomes increasingly more difficult with every passing week. As such, we do not expect to be able to provide future results isolating or excluding the impact of the Food Americas operation. All these highlighted items relate to our continuing operations. In 2010, we have added a line on the income statement for our results of discontinued operations. You will also see several lines on the balance sheet that represent the purchase price value allocated to the assets and liabilities of these discontinued operations. These are the operations that we are required to sell post closing in order to obtain regulatory approval in the United States and Canada. This discontinued operation represents two overlapping market between Alcan and Bemis, and fresh red meat shrink bag packaging and retail natural cheese packaging. As we said before, the assets for sale includes two plants for sale of about $100 million. In addition, there are customer contracts that will be part of the sale, which makes up about $50 million in added net sales. For a specific period of time, Bemis is obligated to supply products for these contracts to the buyer of the discontinued operations through a totaling arrangement. The process to sell the discontinued operation is underway and has advanced to our satisfaction. There has been strong interest in the assets for sale and we anticipate the assets will be sold to a new buyer in the not too distant future. We continue to work with the Department of Justice as we keep them informed of the progress and milestones achieved during the sales process. We are unable to provide any further details due to the competitive nature of the sales process. Now let us turn to the results of the quarter but first, I would like to take a minute to comment on our expected sales mix going forward. Now that we have had time to look closely at the mix of existing business in the acquired plants and adjusting for discontinued operations, going forward we expect the combined food packaging sales to be between 65% and 70% of total Bemis sales. We see the areas of increase in our sales in the liquid packaging market, which includes foil technologies used in ready to drink packaging, and hard to hold liquid packaging. The cookie and cracker market where Bemis has had a small market penetration, the cheese market with the wax coated technologies for processed cheese packaging, frozen food and pet food products including CPET and retort packaging, and film labels for beverage bottles. Now, let us look at the quarter. Looking first at total Bemis results, net sales increased to $1 billion, a 21.1% increase compared to last year. Excluding the impact of acquisition and currency, net sales was approximately equal to last year. In total, generally lower net price mix compared to the beginning of 2009 was offset by generally higher sales volume. Turning to flexible packaging, net sales increased 23.2% over last year. When excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, net sales decreased 1.8%. In the Americas, we enjoyed a volume increase of nearly 10% partially offset by lower price mix. However in Europe, we saw the opposite with volumes decreasing about 10% with about a 3% benefit from mix improvement. As we look at the specific markets, we saw volume improvements in markets such as dairy and liquids, confectionary and snacks, pet foods, medical and lawn and garden. We also experienced volume improvements in multipack and health and hygiene product lines. These volume improvements were partially offset by the impact of pass-through of lower selling prices. By third quarter 2009, selling prices had adjusted down to reflect last year’s falling raw material costs. In 2010, raw material costs are escalating again and selling prices are increasing in response. As we have stated in the past, with non-contracted business, we have the ability to adjust selling price in response to raw material cost changes. Where we have had customer contracts, there are scheduled trigger points when we pass through raw material cost changes. Since we have to wait for these predetermined trigger dates, there is a time lag between when the raw material cost changes, and when we can pass that change through to the contracted customer. With the newly acquired Food Americas operation, our mix of business with customer contract has increased slightly but we estimate those contracts represent about 70% of our flexible packaging annual sales. We experienced weaker year-over-year volumes in other packaging markets for bakery, dry foods and other non-food products. In the meat and cheese market segment, our largest market represented about 28% of our first quarter packaging sales, volume were about the same as last year. Net sales in our pressure sensitive material segment increased 9.4%. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales increased by about 6.4%. We were pleased to report over 8% sales growth in both labels and graphic products and almost 3% growth in sales of technical products. The growth in labels and graphic products was almost entirely attributable to volume improvement, while the growth in technical products reflects double-digit increases in volume partially offset by decreases in net price mix change. Gross margin as a percent of sales decreased from 19.4% at 2009 to 18.2% this quarter. This decline includes the negative impact of the generally lower margins from the acquired business and the inventory related purchase accounting adjustments I discussed earlier. Without the impact of purchase accounting for inventory related items, the gross margin would have been 19.4%. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales are 10.5%, which is equal to the level of expenses in the first quarter of 2009. This is an initial area of emphasis for synergies. Research and development costs are a bit lower this year than last year but nominally the same sequentially. The reduction from last year is a reflection of several different factors. Last year at this time, we were investing in the development of two new shrink bag products Form-tite and Eco-tite. Those products were commercialized at midyear and the development cost ended. As we neared the closing on Food Americas, the R&D team spent detailed time planning the R&D integration and then executed that plan in March. As a result, we have just run fewer projects this quarter. As shown in the reconciliation in the press release, flexible packaging adjusted operating profit was 12% of net sales compared to 12.9% for the first quarter of 2009. The lower operating margins primarily reflect the impact of raw material cost pressures during the quarter and lower margins the acquired Alcan plants had in certain markets. We expect the impact of higher raw material cost to be corrected to some degree when selling prices are adjusted over the next few months. At that time however, our acquired business will have a larger impact on the quarterly results with three full months of results included. Since the acquired business generates somewhat lower operating margins, this will also impact our consolidated operating margins going forward. Adjusted operating profit as a percent of net sales for our pressure sensitive materials business improved dramatically compared to the first quarter of 2009. This is a reflection of the diligent cost management combined with healthy sales volume growth during the first quarter of 2010. We are pleased with the performance improvement, but our pressure sensitive materials business still has progress to make to get to historic operating performance metrics. Before I turn the call over to Scott Ullem for further details on cash flow for the quarter, capital expenditures and guidance, I would like to take a moment to thank all of you in the investment community that followed Bemis during my tenure as CFO. Since 2002, I have been on these quarterly calls doing my best to explain what is happening to Bemis. Whether it has been at these quarterly calls, at investor conferences or one-on-one meetings, I have enjoyed my time working with you and appreciate the respect you have shown me and Bemis. I look forward to my new role in Bemis and want you to know my successor Scott Ullem, who is a highly qualified member of the Bemis team, and will do an excellent job leading our financial organization, and serving the investment community. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks Gene, good morning everyone. As Gene mentioned, I will wrap up the commentary this morning with details of our cash flows during the quarter, and on our earnings guidance for the rest of the year. Cash flow from operations decreased in the first quarter of 2010 due primarily to $118 million swing in working capital. Historically, due to the seasonality in our flexible packaging business, we use cash for working capital during the first quarter and that is what happened this year. This is due to the normal buildup of inventory in March to support strong second quarter shipments. In addition, higher March sales increased accounts receivable balances in the first quarter. A year ago during the first quarter of 2009, cash flow from operations included substantial working capital improvements as order volumes were softer and raw material costs were declining. This improvement delivered $53 million of positive cash flow to the first quarter of last year. During the first quarter of 2010, we faced increasing raw material cost, and strengthening sales order volumes for which we were building accounts receivable and inventory levels. As a result, working capital balances increased and resulted in a use of cash totaling $66 million by the end of March. Looking forward to the rest of the year, working capital management continues to be a major focus. We expect working capital to once again be a source of cash flow for the total year. This quarter we also made a $15 million voluntary tax-deductible pension contribution in order to improve the funded status of our pension plans. We do not intend to make any additional contribution in 2010. Net income in the first quarter of 2010 included cash expenses totaling about $15 million for acquisition related professional fees and taxes. This compares to cash paid for such fees in the first quarter of 2009 of about $3 million, the difference resulting in another $12 million use of cash in 2010. The Food Americas business is integrating with Bemis and delivering the value that will quickly generate strong cash flow. The proceeds from the expected sale of the discontinued operations and additional near term cash flow will be used for debt reduction. We will continue to prioritize our use of cash for debt reduction, growth focused capital spending, sustainable dividends, complementary acquisitions, and opportunistic share repurchases. While we are not providing specific cash from operations guidance, we do expect cash from operations in 2010 to be a healthy step up from the past few years with additional cash generating power of the Food Americas business. Capital expenditures totaled only $18 million this quarter, but we expect this to catch up to more normal levels through the rest of the year. We now expect 2010 capital expenditures to be in the $160 million to $170 million range including the needs of the acquired facilities. This means that once again our capital expenditures will be well below depreciation and amortization in 2010. We expect annualized depreciation and amortization going forward including acquisition related purchase accounting adjustments to be in the range of $210 million to $220 million. It is important to note that over the long term, we believe capital spending for our business should be approximately equal to depreciation and amortization. Turning now to earnings per share guidance, we are increasing our guidance for full year 2010 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations by $0.05 to a range of $2.00 to $2.15. Consisting with the approach we have used in the past, our guidance excludes the $0.06 pre-acquisition impact of acquisition financing in the months of January and February when we did not yet own the Food Americas business. Guidance for the second quarter for earnings from operations excluding the impact of transaction related costs and inventory related purchase accounting is $0.53 to $0.58 per share. Several positive factors are driving the increase in our 2010 EPS guidance as compared to the guidance we provided last month. We are ahead of schedule in capturing cost savings synergies from the Food Americas acquisition. In addition, we have slightly higher expectations for growth in our key flexible packaging markets and our world-class manufacturing initiatives are showing attractive momentum for the rest of the year. Offsetting some of the positive momentum is the raw material price increases we are experiencing. In aggregate, we expect these factors to help drive earnings per share from continuing operations $0.05 higher than we projected last month to a range of $2.00 to $2.15. Now, we would like to open the call for any questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take our first question from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W Baird: Hi guys, good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W Baird: You know, now that you have closed on the acquisition are in the process of integrating the assets, can you update us on whether the long DOJ approval process led to some market share shifts, maybe (inaudible) better it has got more aggressive during that time period?
Henry Theisen: I do not really believe that happened. I think Alcan, the people at Alcan did a very good job of maintaining the business and supporting their customers, and I do not see that as having occurred.
Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W Baird: And in terms of the raw material adjusters, are they different for the acquired Alcan assets relative to your assets?
Henry Theisen: The contracts that they have for escalators, de-escalators are very similar to ours. They sometimes have a little more six month and we are a little more three month but the basic premise of them are the same.
Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W Baird: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Thank you, and Gene thanks for all the help over the years and good luck as you move on.
Gene Wulf: Thank you.
Henry Theisen: Good morning Tim.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Yes, good morning. First question is on – Scott, going back to your recent comment about over the long term you would expect CapEx to be in line, do you mean you are talking depreciation and amortization or with depreciation, I am clear on that, and I guess as a kind of a related follow-on to that, it looked to us anyway that Alcan, the business you bought, their CapEx as a percentage of sales anyway was higher than pretty much anyone in the industry and that is even getting outside flexible packaging and getting into glass manufacturing, which is obviously a lot more capital intensive. So as you integrate these assets, do you think – I guess I am coming under the impression that these are pretty well capitalized assets, but maybe you can offer some insight on that.
Scott Ullem: Let me answer both questions the same time. First is to confirm, yes, over the long term we expect capital expenditures to be roughly in line with depreciation and amortization. The facilities that we acquired had clearly received a lot of healthy capital expenditures and capital investments over the last six years from the previous owners. And so we have been very pleased with the modern condition of those facilities and the capacity that they bring to us, and in general we are very pleased with what we bought and that is influencing our capital expenditure plans for this year.
Henry Theisen: Tim, this is Henry. The thing that I find interesting talking about CapEx is the more higher valued areas, the areas where complementary technologies are being brought to Bemis, I see some good uses of CapEx there to grow our business, and I see some good new products coming out of the technology. So, we will have some CapEx investments at those growth platforms.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Manuel with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Henry Theisen: Good morning Chris.
Chris Manuel – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. Couple of quick questions for you, first, as you look at some of the synergy numbers, it appears as though you have reaffirmed $30 million for the year, it does not look like or did not sound like as we tried to look through some numbers as though there was much in there this quarter, I mean is it reasonable to assume kind of $10 million a quarter for Q3 and Q4?
Henry Theisen: That is probably not a bad assumption. It is probably going to accelerate more as the quarter goes along but not that much. We only had one month in the first month, so it takes a while for that to accumulate.
Chris Manuel – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay that is helpful and as you have had now two months kind of running through these you talked a little bit about integrating the R&D together, any thoughts as to potential for revenue synergies or things of that nature from new products other types of development as you – I know it is an early innings [ph] but any thoughts along those lines?
Henry Theisen: You know it is in our DNA to create new products and look at these synergies and the talent levels and the different technologies I can see blending to make a lot of new products. But I also see a lot of other synergies where we have technologies that will help them, they have technologies that will help our product lines, and we also have product lines that I think will help each other, maybe they make a thermal foam tray and we can make the lid stock and add to the sealing capabilities. So I think there are a lot of areas where we are going to be complementary to each other and the synergies where we make retail cheese, they make wax coated products. We are going to have a lot of good synergies. Especially a lot of the customers we have here, we sell to one segment of the customer’s business and they will sell to another segment of the customer’s business. So it will make us more valuable to our customers.
Operator: We will take our next question from Sara Magers with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Henry Theisen: Hi Sara.
Sara Magers – Wells Fargo Securities: Hello. I am wondering, I know you said you are not going to give guidance regarding cash flow from operations for the year, but you were talking about a healthy step-up. What exactly do you mean when you say healthy step-up from last year? What are your expectations there?
Scott Ullem: I guess simply put, our cash flow from operations last year was – we were pleased with the cash flow and it reflects a lot of the working capital improvements that we have made by focusing on reducing cash cycle days, and really improving our working capital utilization. Alcan has done some of that as well and we believe we are going to be able to bring to bear some of our experience in improving working capital and really focusing on cash flow to the Alcan operations in total we think it is going to be incremental to what Bemis has been able to do historically on our own.
Sara Magers – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay and just a follow-up on that, just wondering a little bit about that inventory write-up, what exactly was it? I mean I know that resin has been kind of certainly high here, I am just wondering if there is a potential for any kind of reversal if resin were to fall off the cliff, which would be nice.
Henry Theisen: No actually Sara, this is related to purchase accounting entirely and as you know, in purchase accounting, we have to write those up to basically help the market value and that will go through the P&L relatively quickly, go through over the inventory turn, so it will be gone by the end of next quarter.
Operator: We will take our next question from Claudia Hueston with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Claudia.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Hi, how are you?
Henry Theisen: Good.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Thanks so much. I just had really just one question, maybe two. You have commented about the strength in March, I know it is hard because there is a lot going on but how does that compare to a normal March? And then in your guidance, you talked about some higher expectations for growth in some of the flexible businesses, what specifically are you seeing in terms of the areas where you are a little bit more optimistic? Thanks.
Henry Theisen: You know the March that we had I think is consistently with the past Marchs. We always have a nice uptick in business in March as we switch through the seasons. I do not see it being that drastically different than patterns in the past. You know some of the areas where I see growth in the flexible packaging business are relating to the rigid tray business. We are substantially growing our PET business with rigid trays, we are like sliced luncheon meats that we have shown around. Alcan has technologies in the rigid trays for retort packaging, for crystallizable PET. I see those rigid technologies as really having a good merit and driving a lot of good sales with it. I also see the technologies in multilayer films that will go into our perfect seal our medical device, the acquisition of the pharmaceutical business is going to give us some extra technologies to expand, the quality of convenience food marketing, the desire for extended shelf life, all of those things that go into a high barrier product lines are going to drive future growth of flexible packaging.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Okay, great, thank you so much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Hamilton with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Capital: Good morning everyone.
Henry Theisen: Good morning Mike.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Capital: First, I was just wondering if you could give thoughts on GAAP EPS second quarter, in other words, what are we looking at in the flow-through of inventory accounting adjustment, etc?
Scott Ullem: We have not put anything together publicly on that so we are going to have other kind of transactions to deal with, you have transaction costs to deal with, with the sale of our discontinued operation. There will be some effect of inventory that had to be written up. We have roughly 60 to 75 day turn in that inventory but we should be though most of it by the end of the second quarter.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Capital: Thanks. You mentioned the fact that you have done a good job in integration of R&D, the same as well in some of the overhead function areas. How should we think about what is going on in headcount as the integration rolls through here?
Henry Theisen: I think because of the extended time period that the DOJ did, we had a lot of time to plan exactly what resources we are going to need and how we are going to go forward with them. So we were prepared in our initial 100-day plan to react very quickly to the people needs, and to which people we need, and where they are going to be situated, and that is basically what is concluded in March.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will go next to Al Kabili with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: Hi, good morning guys.
Henry Theisen: Good morning Al.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: Henry, a question for you on Alcan as you spent a little time with the business, you mentioned the margins are lower than legacy Bemis, as you spent time with it, any thoughts on the differential there, and the opportunity to get those margins over time closer to legacy Bemis?
Henry Theisen: I think that is the target that we started with when we started looking at the acquisition. We are used to competing with Alcan day in and day out, and there is no reason that we cannot get the margins over time at Alcan to be at the same levels as Bemis has.
Al Kabili – Macquarie: Okay and then any thoughts in terms of how long this process could take? Is it something that three or four years out or sooner, any thoughts on timing?
Henry Theisen: You know, most of the people that we have or most of our key customers have contracts, and those contracts can go from three to five years, some will go all the year, some will go into two, some will go in three. So it will have to work through the time period of those contracts.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
James Armstrong – Credit Suisse: Good morning, it is James Armstrong for Chip.
Henry Theisen: Good morning James.
James Armstrong – Credit Suisse: Given the size of the recent acquisition, could you see yourself doing another acquisition this year given the tax law changes that are likely in 2011?
Henry Theisen: We still stand by the things we talked about in the past. We would like to drill the Bemis Company half with acquisitions and half to organic growth. If there is an acquisition that comes along this year that makes good sense for Bemis that increases our technology gives good geographic reach or some customer relationship, we are prepared to act on that.
James Armstrong – Credit Suisse: Okay and going forward, do you see yourself focused more on domestic growth or do you see yourselves growing internationally.
Henry Theisen: We see ourselves growing internationally, more so we have excellent operations in Brazil and with the gain in Mexico, I feel there is a good growth pattern in Latin America. We do not have much in Asia but we did pick up a small plant, which I think in the protein area will give some opportunities to grow. Our pharma and medical business has good growth opportunities on a global basis, and finally I am not going to give up our North America’s food business. I think the areas that have the technology will continue to grow for the Bemis Company.
Operator: We will take our next question from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Wong – Bank of America: Hi, good morning, this is Benjamin Wong [ph] stepping in for George.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Benjamin.
Benjamin Wong – Bank of America: Good morning. We have seen some signs of pick up in the retail point of sales data for packaged food products. I was curious to know maybe what your customers are saying about the state of consumer. And then as a follow-up, are there any new film technologies that Bemis is particularly upbeat about? Thanks.
Henry Theisen: I think the technologies that we acquired from Alcan are along the retail area and retort is very important for us and we see that being very additive to our company. As far as what our customers are seeing, I really do not feel in a position to comment on that.
Benjamin Wong – Bank of America: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joseph Naya with UBS. Please go ahead.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Joseph.
Joseph Naya – UBS: Good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on the combined company with Alcan, would you expect any shift or change in terms of the seasonal patterns you see through the year?
Henry Theisen: No, I do not. I think Alcan and Bemis are very good complementary companies, and you are not going to see much of a change in those patterns.
Joseph Naya – UBS: Okay, am just curious in terms of your expectations for the full year, your guidance, what type of assumptions have you built in, in terms of resin and your ability to pass along price increases there?
Henry Theisen: Our escalated, de-escalated contracts will pass those raw material increases through. Divisionally, we have presidents and we have people and that is how we are organized and they know that in order for them, their targets, their pay, they have to pass those along because they cannot allow them to hit the bottom line. So we have a strong culture of being able to pass through those price increases and that has not changed and will not change. As far as what we see the raw materials, this is a guess, everybody has a guess on what is going to go on with raw materials but we have seen quite a run up in the first quarter here. We expect it to be flat for a while and maybe slightly drop later in the year.
Operator: We will take a follow up question from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Two parts here before I get cut off, in the press release you talked about stepped up competitive pressures, going back to the earlier question, I guess it is interesting as you saw cost inflation on the resin side taking place during the first quarter, do you think it was – and folks trying to price maybe ahead of that or maybe going back to the uncertainty with regards to the acquisition of Alcan, when they will actually come through, or is it another factor I guess in terms of what was behind that competitive pressure if in fact it was in North America which is an assumption on my part. And then second question, just going back to the question earlier about the customer state of mind, it looks to us anyway that some of the HPC and branded food manufacturers have been talking more openly about using new product launch and innovation to drive the topline as kind of a change from the last couple of years where they have been pushing hard on pricing. One, are you seeing that and I guess as a corollary to that, is there any way you kind of quantify the number of new products in say the first quarter versus a year ago or last quarter? So, competitive pressures and then innovation in new product launch.
Henry Theisen: You know, we really do not have a very good way of quantifying new innovative products. A lot of those products are just the normal flow where you increase the performance or you use alternative [ph] materials to control the pricing of those products or their slight modification. So a lot of it is generally just kind of go with time and you will see the product progress. They are not like major launches of platforms that you have. As far as competitive pressures, this is still a very fragmented business. There is a lot of competition out there. The competition is both here in North America. Competition comes from abroad, even with the combination of Bemis and Alcan, there is still a lot of companies out there, a lot of competitive pressures, and the more technologies in the product and the more you can add convenience to features, to shelf life, to food safety, the more you can protect your program. On the other hand, the more that it is like a bread bag that you cannot really change in those areas you have more competitive pressure. I do not see this being any different than at any other time.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take a follow-up question from Sara Magers with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Sara Magers – Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you. Just given your guidance for Q2 and then your guidance for 2010, and then your commentary regarding what your guess is regarding resin through the year, it just seems that the second-half of the year, you are expecting earnings to be flat to down from kind of a large number in Q2. Can you kind of help us understand what you are thinking or what you are thinking is going to happen in the second-half of the year, what is built into your assumptions in your guidance for the year?
Henry Theisen: Well Sara, as we look going forward in this remainder of the year, we certainly have a lot of challenges as we go through a lot of integration. There is going to be a lot of cost we have to deal with as we start to optimize our plans, we will start to figure out some of these causes, we may have to re-qualify certain kinds of customers. So we are going to have some costs there plus we have the headwind we are dealing with right now with raw materials although we expect that to flatten out as the year progresses, it takes time for us to catch up on those price increases and last year at this time, we were benefitting from falling raw material cost that benefitted our margins. This year we are going into the second-half of the year with rising prices that we have to pass it on to the customers over the next few months. So I think we have more headwinds this year than we had last year as we went forward.
Sara Magers – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Chris Manuel with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Chris Manuel – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning again. Just a couple of quick ones, first, as you were going through some volume numbers earlier Gene, I think you mentioned North America up 10%, Europe down 10%, you did not mention Brazil, I was kind of hoping you could a couple of things, one, give us a little bit of color on what was happening in South America, and two, were those numbers, when you are running through these volume numbers, I am assuming that is based on kind of core business without the acquisition stuff in there. So can you give us a little color on that as well as what is your expectation embedded into your guidance for the balance of the year and I guess I am kind of assuming that it stays at this low single digit trajectory but a little color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Gene Wulf: Yes, sure. In my commentary I referred to the Americas, so I was combining both South America and North America with approximately a 10% volume growth. Both continents had very good volume growth this year and they quite frankly in aggregate, they were about equal to each other in terms of volume growth as a percent. So those are very strong markets for us. The product mix down in Brazil, for example, is a little bit different than our product mix up here. They have more dry food items with things like mixes for drinks and things like that, we have more protein up here in North America. In Europe, Europe was down. The European economy seems to be struggling more than the North American economy. But it was down in markets that we have decided that we do not necessarily want to be a major participant at. So we have got some low-end margin business that we decided that we are not going to be very aggressive at in terms of seeking and so we have been pushing hard our higher value added margin product lines and de-emphasizing the lower margin product lines.
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Mike Hamilton with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Capital: Thanks. Given the really nice recovery in pressure sensitive in the first quarter, I was wondering if you could give your thoughts on trends and how much of that to the degree you can ascertain is some pipeline filling versus trend growth and kind of what you are seeing here near term?
Henry Theisen: You know our volumes in our roll label business here in North America picked up very nicely in the first quarter and I think that is going to continue. I do not think that was just a filler in the product line. The economy is a little better than it was a year ago and I think that will continue to grow through the rest of the year. We also have some good new products coming out in our pressure sensitive area and into some of the technical areas and leveraging with our medical business. So that is a good sign in North America. Europe continues to be slow. The economy there I think is slow. A lot of that business is really in the graphics area and it really has not jumped up for advertising of some of those points of display. I look for a little more growth out of North America and Europe to struggle a little bit. But although Europe was slow, the volume increased year over year. So that is a good sign in Europe for us that it is starting to increase but North America was much stronger.
Mike Hamilton – RBC Capital: Thanks.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Ms Miller, I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing comments. Melanie Miller Thank you very much, operator. We will be attending many investor relations investor meetings and investor conferences over the next eight weeks and we look forward to seeing you all soon. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - VP, IR and Treasurer Gene Wulf - SVP and CFO Henry Theisen - President and CEO 
Analysts:  Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank Tim Thein - Citigroup Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital 
Operator: Good day everyone, welcome to the Bemis fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you operator. Welcome to our 2009 year-end conference call. Today is January 28, 2010. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Gene will begin by providing details on financial results and comparability to guidance in last year followed by Henry's comments on the business. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, the regulatory approval in timing of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas acquisition, costs and integration, risk associated with business combinations, changes in labor relations, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including our July 8-K filings and our most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gene Wulf.
Gene Wulf: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Since our announcement in the first quarter of 2009, over write-off of costs related to the possible acquisition of Alcan Packaging Food Americas, the July signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business, and later that month the announce of our successful fund raising to finance that transaction, our financial reports have been more complex to understand. With all of the unusual items that we have recorded in conjunction with this anticipated acquisition, I will do my best to focus my comments on clarifying our results for you to better understand the quarter. First, our GAAP earnings per share results for the fourth quarter were $0.26 per share. As I just mentioned, there are many items we have excluded from our guidance for comparability to 2008. When adjusted for these items, the fourth quarter results are $0.45 per share. We have included a schedule in our press release that provides a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP data to illustrate these items. As you can see on this schedule, fourth quarter results included legal, accounting, and other professional fees associated with our planned acquisition of Alcan Packaging Food Americas, and the Department of Justice second request for information related to the Hart-Scott-Rodino approval process. For the fourth quarter, these charges totaled $15.1 million or $0.09 per share. In addition, fourth quarter results included the interest expense associated with bonds that we issued during the third quarter to partially fund the pending acquisition. During the fourth quarter, we incurred $12.4 million of interest expense or $0.07 per share for debt service on the $800 million of public bonds. And finally, results for the fourth quarter were reduced by about $0.03 per share, as a result of the dilutive effect of 8.2 million shares also issued during the third quarter to partially finance the acquisition. These three items totaled $0.19 per share for the fourth quarter and reflect items that are not comparable to the fourth quarter of 2008. Therefore adjusting our $0.26 per share GAAP results for these items, our non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter totaled $0.45 per share.  It is important to note that our guidance was prepared on that same basis, excluding any acquisition-related charges. So the $0.45 per share non-GAAP results can be compared to our guidance of $0.40 to $0.45 per share and the 2008 fourth quarter results of $0.32 per share. Of this $0.13 per share improvement from 2008 to 2009, about $0.02 was related to foreign currency translation fluctuations. During the fourth quarter of 2008, global currencies rates weakened in response of the global financial crisis. Rates in 2009 have been less volatile, and the non-US currencies have regained strength against the dollar creating currency related gains compared to 2008. Last quarter, we talked about increased sales of value added flexible packaging products, and that sales mix improvements continued in the fourth quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, and excluding the positive impact of currency translation, net sales for the fourth quarter of 2009 decreased 1.8%. This decrease reflects the pass through of generally lower input cost for certain flexible packaging products, substantially offset by higher unit sales volume and mix improvement in many of our product lines. When examining the impact of price on sales, we see all markets are down year-over-year on average by nearly 9%. This decrease is principally related to the impact of the escalator, de-escalator provisions of our sales pricing.  The lower raw material costs have been passed along in lower selling prices. Our customers, our markets that are predominantly polyethylene based have year-over-year double digit price decreases. This would include markets such as bakery, multi-pack, industrial and health and hygiene. This quarter we experienced increased unit sales volume in products for market segments applications representing about 85% of the total flexible packaging sales.  We saw an impressive double-digit volume growth in the dry foods and medical product markets, while the other food market had nearly double-digit volume improvement. Remaining markets with year-over-year volume improvement were meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, multi-pack, health and hygiene, and other non-foods. Several of these applications represent increased demand for products that extend shelf life or preserve freshness, which are value added products within our product portfolio. We estimated that the benefit from the acquisition of the South America Huhtamaki rigid packaging operation that was made in June of 2009, led to an increase in net sales of the total flexible packaging segment during the fourth quarter of about 3.6%. In our Pressure Sensitive Material business segment, excluding the impact of currency translation, net sales decreased by about 5.9%. While we enjoyed modest unit volume and sales mix improvement in labeled products, shipments of value-added graphics and technical products were still below the levels of last year's fourth quarter. This segment's product and customer base remain very sensitive to economic conditions in both the United States and Europe, and these markets should rebound once the economies of the US and Europe improve.  Looking briefly at the total year, we've recorded GAAP earnings per share for 2009 of $1.40. Again, this results included a number of items that we excluded from our guidance in order to compare 2009 with results of 2008. Our reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP data illustrates these items. Specifically, 2009 included severance costs for reduction in workforce totaling $4 million or $0.02 per share. The impact, which was offset later in the year by gain on the sale of a property in Brazil totaling $3 million or $0.02 a share.  We also recorded acquisition related legal, accounting and other professional fees totaling $34.6 million or $0.21 per share. In addition, we incurred bridge financing fees totaling $10 million or $0.06 per share. Results included the interest expense associated with the bonds that we issued during the third quarter to partially fund the pending acquisition. We incurred $21.3 million of interest expense in 2009 or about $0.13 per share for debt service on the public bonds.  And finally, results for the year were reduced by about $0.06 per share as a result of the dilutive effect of the $8.2 million shares also issued during the third quarter to partially finance the acquisition. These items, which total $0.46 per share for the year, reflect items that were not comparable to 2008. Therefore, adjusting our $1.40 per share GAAP result for these items, our non-GAAP results for the year ended 2009 totaled $1.86 per share. Our guidance on that same basis was $1.81 to $1.86 per share. Our 2009, non-GAAP performance results are therefore 15.5% higher than our comparable 2008 result of $1.61 per share. This substantial improvement in earnings per share was driven by raw material cost reductions early in 2009, improved sales mix to more value added products, production improvements and cost management initiatives.  Total year sales of 2009 decreased 7% compared to 2008, including a 3.3% decrease related to currency translation. Excluding the impact of currency, flexible packaging sales for the total year 2009 decreased 2%, reflecting lower unit sales volume partially offset by the positive impact of improved price mix. In pressure sensitive materials, net sales excluding currency decreased by about 12% compared to 2008 levels, primarily due to lower unit sales volumes.  Back to the fourth quarter income statement again, gross margins, as a percent of net sales increased by 19.6%, compared to 16.9% in the fourth quarter of 2008. This increase reflects the ongoing benefits of improved sales mix to higher margin items, and continued cost management initiatives in 2009 through our world class manufacturing program. In cases where the raw material costs have declined in 2009, selling prices have contractually adjusted to match those lower input costs, neutralizing the impact on gross margin dollars when we compare the results of the periods. Selling, general, and administrative expenses continue to be up substantially over 2008. In the fourth quarter, SG&A as a percent of net sales was 10.8% in 2009 compared to 9.2% in 2008. This year-over-year increase is principally attributed to the substantially higher incentive and defined contribution pension cost after a very low cost year in 2008 due to lower earnings. With substantially improved financial results in 2009, incentives and defined contribution pension programs based on earnings have a much higher payout in 2009. Additionally pension expense for defined benefit plans has increased due to the impact of last year's market loss. Those losses started to pass through this year's pension expense at the rate of about $2.5 million per quarter. Like sales and operating profit, currency fluctuations had an impact on increasing our SG&A costs in 2009. The currency impact was approximately $3.6 million. Let's return to the business segments now and talk about operating profit. Flexible packaging operating profit improved from $66.2 million or 9.2% of net sales in the fourth quarter of 2008 to $90.9 million or 11.8% of net sales in the fourth quarter of 2009. This is a great improvement and one that reflects strong cost discipline and increased sales of value added products in 2009. The fourth quarter is normally a lower production period for our manufacturing plants.  Capacity utilization is generally lower as plants have shutdowns over holidays for major maintenance and production demand slows late in the quarter for the seasonally slowest months of January and February. These two factors are predictable and therefore reduce our overhead absorption compared to the second and third quarters of 2009 when operations ran at higher capacity utilization and operating profit as a percent of sales was 13.9%. In the Pressure Sensitive Material segment, sales and operating profit were higher than we expected, especially during the usually slow holiday season. Operating profit for the fourth quarter of 2009 was $7.1 million, or 5.2% of net sales. This is the highest level in terms of both dollars and percent of net sales since the third quarter of 2008, and we are very pleased with these results. This business unit has seen this market substantially drop in sales demand due to the weak global economy. As we have mentioned in previous calls this year, this business unit has been working diligently to right size their operations, focus on higher margin products and make their plans more responsive to change in demand. For the fourth quarter of 2009, net other costs and income included $15.1 million of cost for accounting, legal, and other professional fees associated with our anticipated acquisition of Alcan Packaging Food Americas. These fees are expensed as incurred. These costs were partially offset by other income primarily related to fiscal incentives earned by certain of our non-US flexible packaging facilities. These fiscal incentives are already included in the flexible packing operating profit results that I just mentioned. Also included in the income statement line item for the fourth quarter of 2008 were foreign exchange transaction losses totaling $6.1 million. Foreign exchange transaction gains and losses were not significant in the fourth quarter of 2009. Fourth quarter interest expense included $12.4 million of interest expense related to the new $800 million of public bonds issued earlier in July of 2009 as partial funding for our pending acquisition. Excluding this amount, interest expense decreased by $4.6 million, compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. This decrease reflects lower levels of commercial papers outstanding, as well as substantially lower average short-term interest rates in 2009. This leads us in to an analysis of our current debt levels and cash and cash flow.  As of December 31, 2009, debt to total capitalization, including the financing already secured for the partial payment of the acquisition price at closing was 38.7%. While this is within our target range of 30% to 40% debt to total capitalization. We expect it to go up to approximately 42% immediately after the acquisition closing. This increase will reflect the transactions, plans, remaining funding, using commercial paper. As we have mentioned in earlier conference calls, it will be our intent to pay down bank debt with our free cash flow in order to return to our target debt to total capitalization level.  We increased our emphasis on cash flow from operations in 2009 in line with the financial markets and our acquisition efforts. In addition, our business units management teams were financially consented to improve their use of working capital in 2009. With this increased emphasis and careful working capital management across the company, I am pleased to report that Bemis has achieved a record level of annual cash flow from operating activities this year. Our 2009 net cash provided by operating activities increased to $476 million, from $294 million in 2008. In 2009, our management team's reduced working capital by $141 million.  Capital expenditures for 2009 ended at $89.2 million. This level of expenditure was much lower than the $100 million we had anticipated. Planned expenditures for some projects slated for the fourth quarter slipped in to early 2010. This decrease is not a reflection of projects canceled or postponed.  Normally on this conference call, we provide first quarter and annual guidance. At this time, discussions with the US Department of Justice regarding a possible remedy are progressing but not finalized. However, we do anticipate regulatory approval and closing on this transaction before the end of the first quarter. In light of this, we have decided to provide annual guidance following the announcement of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas closing. We believe it would be more meaningful to provide annual guidance when we can have a more fulsome commentary on the transaction.  In the meantime, we are continuing to provide guidance for the first quarter of 2010 on the same basis we have for the past two quarters of 2009. We currently expect our first quarter earnings per share results to be similar to those of the first quarter of 2009, excluding the impact of all acquisition related and severance costs from both years. We plan our capital expenditures for Bemis legacy business units to be in the $130 million to $140 million range. teams have been working diligently (inaudible) the favorable impact of those improvements as they hit the bottom line. all acquisition-related and severance costs from both We were disappointed that we could not complete our years. We plan our capital expenditures for Bemis legacy business units to be in the $130 million to $140 million range. This includes the $10 million 2009 shortfall that carries over to 2010. Net of the carryover impact, our 2010 capital expenditures will be in the same range as our 2000 outlay for capital equipment. We look forward to providing more fulsome guidance with a full year following the completion of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas acquisition. Now I would like to turn the call over to Henry for his comments.
Henry Theisen: Thank you, Gene. I am very pleased with the operating performance we achieved in 2009. Our business teams have been working diligently in recent years to build positive operating profit momentum using our world class manufacturing initiatives. To implement change across the company and we are experiencing the favorable impact of those improvements as it hits the bottom line.  We were disappointed that we could not complete our acquisition of Alcan Packaging Food Americas business in 2009. But we are nearing a resolution with the US Department of Justice, and expect to close this quarter. In the meantime, we are prepared our integration plan and are ready to hit the ground running once the transaction is complete.  As we have said many times in the past, our intention is to integrate these new plans and grow our business. We plan to use the combined technological capabilities of both companies to expand our product offering to customers and approve our processes. This acquisition will expand our technologies in retort applications, pharmaceutical packaging, and crystallized polyester products. We will also be expanding our geographic presence. This acquisition gives us a larger footprint in Mexico to serve that domestic market and it brings to Bemis our first facility in the Australia, New Zealand market to provide meat packaging to that area of the world.  The acquisition will be adding not only food flexible, packaging capacity to our growing South American business, but pharmaceutical packaging as well. The Alcan pharmaceutical packaging operations in Brazil are part of the Food Americas operations that we are acquiring and will open the door for new business in the growing pharmaceutical packaging market in South America and in other regions of the world. While we have a strong global presence in medical packaging for products used in sterile hospital and clinic environments, development of packaging for pharmaceutical markets requires long-lead times. We have been investing time and capital to create opportunities for Bemis products in the North American pharmaceutical markets and these new Brazilian operations should accelerate this process.  Over the past several years we have invested in technology platforms from which we have launched new products, and continue to identify new applications. I recently met with all of our global business leaders to review current growth opportunities, and I am pleased to see a full pipeline of new products coming to the market over the next 18 months, both from our flexible packaging as well as pressure sensitive materials business segments. In recent years, we have invested in formable rigid film platforms in the United States and European operations. Using this technology, we have developed new packaging for lunch and meat, single-serve coffee, and consumer products such as razors, dental floss and toothbrushes. Specifically our polyester platform is a great fit for our European customers, while using it to eliminate laminations, reduce material content, and add consumer convenience features. This platform has now expanded to include other polymers such as polystyrene, and polypropylene.  Our sealant technology expertise creates opportunity for Bemis to overcome product development obstacles for our customers. We introduced our new Peel Reseal technology in Europe and has become a common convenience feature used by European packaging customers. We have added a tamper evident feature to this package and we are expanding this product offering to our North American customers.  Another example of our sealant technology solutions is the steam in bag package used in North America for frozen vegetables. Standard polyethylene sealants were unable to stand up to the microwave heating process, when customers wanted to add sauces and oils to their vegetable recipes. We developed a unique polypropylene sealant that stands up to higher cooking temperatures while still steaming the vegetables uniformly and venting at the appropriate time. We are currently developing the next generation of this sealant to further improve the cooking process and add more features to enhance the consumer's experience.  In our paper bag division, we are coming up with new solutions to age-old paper packaging problems. Our now new (inaudible) bag offers high performance, puncture resistant packaging solutions for multi-wall paper bag applications. (inaudible) represents a combination of unique film and paper technologies designed to meet customer demands for maximum durability and great print quality.  Another development from our paper bag division is our new ask our new Intra-Guard bags which offer an environmentally friendly packaging solution. These bags are repulpable, biodegradable and recyclable, important features that many of our customers are seeking from suppliers. We are currently offering both of these new bag solutions to customers for packaging products such as pet food, agriculture products and food ingredients.  In addition to new packaging technologies, our engineers have been working to expand the use our pressure-sensitive adhesive technologies into new markets in both North America and Europe. In a recent example, a US customer is using Bemis pressure sensitive adhesive technology to affix mirrors to solar energy collector panels which are often exposed to harsh environmental conditions in the desert. New products, some of which I had just mentioned provide opportunities to expand our sales to customers and newly acquired products and technologies from Alcan will further enhance these growth opportunities.  We are a multi-national company with operations in many regions of the world providing solutions to customers as a local supplier. The Alcan transaction further expands our multinational footprint. As regional economics around the world recover and grow, we will certainly grow with them. In 2010, our focus will be to integrate and maximize the synergy benefits of our investment in Food Americas business, while maintaining a high-quality service model that delights our customers.  Finally, I would like to personally thank all of our employees for their extraordinary efforts, hard work, and creativity throughout 2009, and congratulate them on achieving outstanding operating performance in an incredibly challenging environment.  Now we'll open it up for any questions.
Operator: The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). We will go first to [Ariel Avila] with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you comment on how demand trends are looking coming out of the quarter in both of your businesses?
Henry Theisen:  You know, I think that we see modest growth in demand trends in the majority of our businesses. There is nothing really jumping off the table and there is nothing falling off the table. It's a pretty steady slow growth in across all of our businesses.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you, just as a follow-up, can you just comment on demand trends in various geographic regions?
Henry Theisen:  I think Europe and North America are much the same. As I said, slow, low single, mid single digit kind of growth, and with some excellent growth in our Brazilian operations in South America. As you know that economy is Brazil is heating up and doing very well. So that's got some good high single digit, maybe even double digit growth opportunities.
Operator: We will go now to Chris Manuel KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning, this is actually Jason in for Chris. Regarding the progress with the Alcan acquisition, understanding that you may have limited comments on a public forum like this. Can you provide any further context of what the possible or around the possible remedies that you are discussing with the DOJ?
Henry Theisen: Unfortunately, we're not in a position to make any comments about what the possible remedies could be. We have been working very closely with the DOJ to resolve this. We expect to have resolution this quarter, and that's the extent to which we can comment.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. Then if I could just switch gears to your first quarter guidance, flat excluding all of the transaction variances, I would expect, I guess, I would think volumes would be up and I know you have taken some costs out of your business. Why wouldn't there be some growth in that number, I know you had some rising gains in the first quarter of last year and is that the primary variance or may be if you could just walk through the variances first quarter to first quarter?
Henry Theisen: The primary variance, Jason, is really the price of the raw materials, and of course we saw the fall of the raw materials late fourth quarter 2008 into the first quarter of 2009 and the vast majority of that relates to the raw material costs.
Operator: We will go now to Sara Magers, Wells Fargo Securities.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities: Understanding again that you probably are limited in what you can talk about, are you anticipating any kind of changes to the quantified synergies you had previously associated with the Alcan acquisition?
Henry Theisen: Sara, when we close on this transaction, we'll have a more fulsome discussion around that, but at this point, I don't think it's appropriate for us to make any comments.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then I guess to follow up on that, do you continue to anticipate that the deal will be accretive to earnings in the first full year?
Henry Theisen: Yes, I do think that in the first year this will be an accretive transaction for the Bemis Company.
Operator: We will go now to Christopher Chun, Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: I was just wondering if you could give us some information on what the incremental impact of the Alcan deal in terms of the interest expense. Obviously it's already gone up but I would guess its going to go up a little bit more and the incremental D&A and the CapEx?
Henry Theisen: Well right now, as we said in my commentary, our quarterly interest is about $12 million for interest, for the bonds that we have issued. We'll have to issue some more commercial paper at closing, but commercial paper rates are pretty low right now. So it's not going to be a big number in terms of increase in to the interest going in to once we close this transaction but, having other conversations about CapEx around the acquisition, we prefer to keep still on until we get to a closing and that can have that more fulsome discussion.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: What about incremental D&A?
Henry Theisen: We would like to remain silent on that too, until we get to the close.
Melanie Miller:  And we have a lot of information that was included back in the summer in the 8-K filings that we did that included the 2008 Alcan Packaging Food Americas data. So that might be helpful though we have no update since then.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go now to George Staphos Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Benjamin (inaudible) currently filling in for George. My first question, what's the latest period for which you have audited Alcan results?
Henry Theisen: I think those would be the period that we filed in the 8-K earlier this year. So like that would be, I think its 2008.
Unidentified Analyst : And to follow up, to the extent that you have visibility, what kind of investment will need to be made in people, management, and systems to put Alcan together with Bemis?
Henry Theisen: As I said in my comments that we've had an opportunity to put our integration plan together till we are ready to go, and we think this will be an excellent transaction. We'll be marrying the best people that we have, and we can gain from both operations to give us the best performance going for the Bemis Company but getting down to the specifics of numbers, the people will think we'll just wait until we do complete the transaction. We have said in the past, though, that we don't anticipate the need to do a lot of investment in Alcan, because Alcan has invested quite heavily in the past few years in their operations and so their operations are first class. So there is no fix up that we see in this transaction.
Operator: We will go now to Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Okay two questions. First is on the, Gene, if you can go back, you had highlighted some of the incentive in deferred comp along with the pension expense and what that cost in '09? Do you have any outlook or guidance for that for 2010? And separately, and maybe Henry this is more for you, I'm curious what you see in terms of, this time of the year you typically have pretty good visibility with regards to your customer initiatives around new product launches and upgrades and the like, where do you see that kind of level of innovation and spending as we head in to 2010?
Gene Wulf: Well I would go with the first question regarding the incentives and the higher SG&A costs. If we have a strong 2010, I would expect those incentives to be very similar, but if we're on a normal level, we'll probably drop down in SG&A, and that SG&A will probably be closer to 10% range nominally.
Henry Theisen: As I take the second part your question as far as new products coming up for the Bemis Company and as I said in my comments we had kind of a global review, and we have a full assortment and a full product line and new products touching all of our business units, and what drives this is, what drives our customers all the time. They recognize that packaging helps to sell their product and that's a point of differentiation and they are continuing and in fact some of them are upping their willingness to launch new products new packaging initiatives, convenience features, single serve and all the things that help to move their products off the shelf and then we've got a [recall] new products issue on the next year to 18 months.
Operator: We will go now to Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird
Unidentified Analyst : Its actually Matt (inaudible) sitting in for Ghamsham this morning. I was just hoping that you guys could comment on any feedback you are receiving from existing customers regarding the uncertainty with Alcan Packaging, and whether that's going to affect any business for the upcoming year and if you've heard anything with discussions about new contracts regarding Alcan Packaging?
Henry Theisen: I think all of our customers would just like to see this concluded, so they can plan their business and know what's going on. But regarding new contracts with customers, that's something that we have no insight into. We're still competitors in the marketplace at this point in time and so it's impossible for us to understand what's going on inside their market at that point.
Unidentified Analyst : Understood and then as a follow up question, in the pressure sensitive business, just switching gears a bit here. Is this the type of recovery that you typically see coming out of a recession, obviously noting that the recession is much deeper than it has been in the past?
Henry Theisen:  I think it's a little slower. A lot of the things that we look for in our growth in the pressure sensitive business is the return of the graphics business, and we still haven't seen really the return of the graphics guys wanting to put the advertising in marketing. It's been a little slower than I hoped it would be.
Operator: We will go now to Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, it's actually (inaudible) filling in for Al. Just a quick question on 2010. Excluding Alcan, what is your sense of kind of expectations on core performance that you can talk about, volume trends and price. Appreciate it, thanks.
Henry Theisen: Well, as we look in to 2010, we intentionally didn't give any guidance for the legacy, Bemis organization because we don't think that's meaningful, because when we start combining Bemis and Alcan, it will be a whole new view as we start to look at the organizations. However, as we look at the first quarter, as Henry said earlier, we do expect that we have some headwinds with the raw material area with some announced price increases on raw materials. But generally, we're feeling pretty good about the year as we go forward. We aren't expecting any major problems with raw materials in the long run. We think this is kind of seasonal right now.
Operator: We'll go again to Sara Magers, Wells Fargo Securities.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities: You guys had a fairly strong working capital management on the for the year, do you expect that to be sustainable going forward? Or why might it be kind of one time in nature?
Henry Theisen: You have to look at typically how our capital expenditures go, and when we develop new platforms or new products, we typically invest in those, and you'll see our CapEx rise a bit, and then you'll see a number of years where you fill those additions you made. And you fill things up and then the next new thoughts, the new platforms and when we invest in those. So we did a little bit of that a few years ago. Our CapEx is less the last couple of years, but long-term I think you have to look at it as it's going to be equal to our D&A.
Gene Wulf: Sara, I think Henry misunderstood your question. Let me address it. You were asking about working capital.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes.
Gene Wulf: And we did have a substantial improvement in working capital this year, and our management teams did an outstanding job this year in driving costs out of working capital. $140 plus million was a substantial improvement. Now I don't think I can get another $140 million out next year. I would love it if we could, but, resin cost will be a part of that too, but if resin costs are relatively stable, we'll target to at least maintain what we have in working capital levels right now, but of course our people continue to be incentived to get better and better. So if things go right, we should have some improvement in working capital going in to next year.
Sara Magers - Wells Fargo Securities: That would be improvement from the 140?
Gene Wulf: Yeah. I don't think it's going to be in the magnitude that you saw this year, though.
Melanie Miller: Looks like that's going to be another 140.
Operator:  We will go now to Timothy Burns, Cranial Capital.
Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital: I've got two questions, first is a follow-up. Pressure sensitive materials, one of the big problems has been in the kind of roll label price mix, and I guess, is that a business that you can ever bring the margins back up on, or is it more a function of maintenance, and then making it smaller?
Henry Theisen: In our pressure sensitive business, in the labels area, we recognize that we're not going to drastically increase the margins. We're going to be following what the key players like Avery Dennison and (inaudible) do there. And we're not really investing in it. That we're going to maintain, and our desire, our plan is to grow the margins in the pressure sensitive business in the graphics and in the technical areas. We've invested in some energy cure programs, and we invested in some new pressure sensitive adhesive technologies. I pointed out one of the exciting things we have or we're making progress in the solar energy area. So I think we're going to grow our margins, but it's a going to be in the roll label business its going to be in the technical and the graphics sections or segments of our pressure sensitive business.
Unidentified Analyst : It appears that 2009 was somewhat of a cookie cutter year. I mean everybody benefited from lower raw material cost inputs, price mix improved, there was, major benefits from 18 to 24 months of cost cutting, and, I kind of ask myself how much longer can this go on? And you see some of these major acquisitions that are going on, whether it's Brinks and Tyco or Stanley Works and I forget who they are merging with, but it's like they've kind of said we can't keep cutting costs, we need more running space. And I think that's what Alcan does to you. Is the flexible packaging business, I heard all the products that you guys, and it is always great. It's a myriad of fabulous products. Is the core flexible packaging business still 3% to 5% grow as far as you see it, Henry?
Henry Theisen: Overall I see that in the net 3% to 5% growth area for the overall flexible packaging business. I think there are segments of it that offer more opportunities, and there are some segments that are a little less than that. Well overall I agree with your 3% to 5%.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And at this time, we have no additional questions. I would like turn the call back to our hosts for any additional comments.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, operator. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We'll look forward to talking to you again soon.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller – Vice President and Treasurer  Gene C. Wulf – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Henry J. Theisen – President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts:  Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan Ghansham Punjabi – Robert W. Baird Timothy Thein – Citigroup George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Al Kabili – Macquarie Research Equities Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets [Sarah Majors] – Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Manuel – Keybanc Capital Markets  
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the Bemis Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you operator. Today is October 27, 2009 a replay of this call will be available on our website www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Gene will begin by providing details on financial results and comparability to guidance on last year followed by Henry's comments on the current business performance. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of this company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected, or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, the regulatory approval and timing of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas acquisition, costs and integration risk associated with business combinations, changes in labor relations, interest rate fluctuations, and regional economic conditions.  A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gene Wulf.
Gene C. Wulf: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. This quarter, we at Bemis have been engaged in a number of events that require special mention as I work our way through the financial statements. These events are principally related to our announced acquisition of Alcan Packaging's Food Americas. These events incur cost related to financing, professional fees, and integration cost, which impact the comparability of our 2009 financials to our 2008 financials. As you know, on July 5, we announced the signing of a definitive purchase agreement to acquire Alcan Packaging's Food Americas business from Rio Tinto for a total price of $1.2 billion. In connection with that announcement, we secured bridge financing for $800 billion from our bank group, negotiated a commitment to increase our existing credit facility by $200 million and entered into a stock purchase agreement with Rio Tinto in which they would accept $200 million of the purchase price in the form of Bemis common stock. On July 20, we launched a public bond offering and issued $400 million of 5.65%, five-year notes due in 2014 and $400 million of 6.8% ten-year notes due in 2019. With this bond offering completed, the bridge financing facility was no longer needed and was terminated. On July 22, we completed a secondary common stock offering in which we issued 8.2 million shares and received net cash proceeds totaling $203 million. With the completion of this common stock offering, the stock purchase agreement with Rio Tinto was terminated and we expect to pay all cash for the acquisition at closing. The remainder of the purchase price and related fees will be financed by commercial paper at the closing date. As we announced in our press release, on September 16th, we received a request for additional information and documents carrying materials from the Department of Justice for their review of our transaction.  We expect to certify our substantial compliance to that request in early November. In the mean time, our transition planning continues and we are eager to move forward and close the transaction. Now, let me turn to this quarter's results. For the third quarter, we've recorded GAAP earnings of $0.33 per share. This compares to $0.43 per share for the third quarter of 2008. Excluding the effect of certain non-GAAP adjustments, earnings per share would have been $0.48, a 12% improvement from third quarter 2008. This adjusted earnings per share of $0.48 is comparable to our guidance of $0.38 to $0.43 for the third quarter.  Overall, this performance, which exceeded our expectations was driven principally by continued superior performance in our flexible packaging segment and sequential improvement in our pressure sensitive materials business. Now, I would like to describe the non-GAAP items found on the reconciliation of non-GAAP data on page 12 of our press release. During the third quarter of 2009, we recorded $16 million or $0.09 per share of expenses associated with the planned acquisition. These charges included banking fees related to the bridge financing, professional fees, and other related costs. We also recorded a $3.6 million gain on the sale of an office building in Brazil, which increased earnings per share, net of minority interest by $0.02 per share. This facility was sold to a local governmental authority. This facility is located where the governmental authority is planning to build a transit system station. Our July issuance of $800 million of public bonds, with an average rate of 6.2%, increased interest expense during the quarter and reduced earnings per share by $0.05. Finally, during the quarter, we issued 8.2 million shares of common stock in a secondary offering. The diluted affect of these newly issued shares of common stock reduced earnings per share by nearly $0.03 per share. Therefore excluding the impact of these items, earnings per share for the third quarter 2009 would have been $0.48, a 12% improvement from the third quarter of 2008. As I go through the details of the income statement, it is important to keep in mind that at Bemis, profitability tends to be driven by sales mix, raw material cost pass through, and cost management. Volume changes can be misleading if considered at a macro level without the benefit of underlying mix change and net sales are also impacted by selling prices, which were adjusted regularly to reflect the most recent raw material costs.  Therefore as I go through the components of sales and operating profit this quarter, I will try to highlight the primary drivers of our strong operating performance, starting with net sales, we reported quarter-over-quarter decrease of 8.7% during the third quarter, excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, net sales would have decreased 7%. In flexible packaging, net sales for the third quarter decreased 7.5% compared to the third quarter of 2008. Please remember when examining our price mix that this year's lower raw material cost have been passed through the customers in the form of lower selling prices. In June, we completed the acquisition of the South American rigid packaging operations of Huhtamaki.  The sales associated with that acquired volume contributed about 2% to the year-over-year and sequential sales growth in the quarter, excluding the impact of currency and acquisition, net sales increased, excuse me, debt sales decreased 5.9% year-over-year. When we examine sequential quarters, we see net sales increasing 4.2%. Excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions, net sales were down less than 1%. It should be noted that volumes in the third quarter of 2008 have been strengthening in advance of the global economic down turn, so comparisons were challenging this quarter. Looking at the product mix at a more macro level, we generally saw the greatest year-over-year volume deteriorations in products that our lower margins and price mix declines in products that were principally polyethylene or paper-based. The better volume improvement occurred in products that are higher margin. This help drive overall flexible packaging margins higher in 2009. Markets have recorded increased net sales compared with 2008 were dairy and liquids, which include packaging for condiments, yogurts, ice cream, and edible fats, as well as health and hygiene packaging applications. These markets account for about 21% of flexible packaging sales. Dairy and liquid markets was up in price mix and down in volume. The health and hygiene market is up in volume in low double digits, but was offset by a low double-digit decrease in price mix. The markets of growth occurred in South America in toothpaste tubes and in North America for living stock, for blister pack replacements. This market has a substantial polyethylene packaging volume, which explains a substantial drop in price mix. Net sales had year-over-year decreases in meat and cheese, dry foods, bakery products, pet food, multipack over wrap for bottle beverages, other foods, medical devices, display films and industrial product categories, which represent about 71% of total flexible packaging net sales. Except in the cases of medical device packaging, where volumes were up, and dry foods and other foods where volumes were flat, both volume and price mix declined for each of these market applications. Many of these markets were materially impacted by lower selling prices. In products that are primarily polyethylene-based selling prices are down 10% to 15%, due to reduced raw material costs for the base resin. In our industrial markets, we see our year-over-year volumes down as much as 30% in certain markets. Of course packaging for products in these industrial markets is simply a reflection of the production volumes in those industries. However, sequentially, we see many of the above markets improving. Markets such as, meat and cheese, pet foods, health and hygiene, and medical devices had sequential volume improvement. Net sales are fairly steady year-over-year for confectionery and snack markets, which represent about 80% of the total flexible packaging net sales. Volume in this market has steadily declined over the past few years and we are encouraged by the sign of improvement here. We are very pleased to see volume sequentially increase in the mid-single digits. Our pressure sensitive materials business segment, net sales decreased by 14.6% from the third quarter of 2008, excluding the impact of currency in net sales decreased by about 11.8%. However, when looking at the sequential quarters for net sales, we see only a 1% decline when excluding the impact of currency.  Looking at specific product lines within this segment, our label product line was down about 6%, which was principally attributed to volume decrease. However, sequential net sales were down only 2%, with the decline attributed to price mix. Label products were sold to label printers and we continue to see our North American customers providing a more stabilized order pattern, which is an encouraging sign. Graphic product net sales, which depend heavily on demand for advertising in Europe decreased about 13%, compared to the third quarter of 2008 with volume accounting for approximately 11% of the decline. When examining net sales sequentially, we have a 1% increase. Year-over-year net sales of technical products were down dramatically, reflecting a change in the sales mix and the weak demand for our customers' products in the hounding and automotive markets.  However, the sequential net sales for technical products are up over 15%, granted, this is our smallest segment representing about 10% of our pressure sensitive material sales, but the sequential improvement is primarily volume driven. Bemis recorded gross margins of 20% for the third quarter of 2009, a healthy increase from the 16.9% gross margin level of last year. During 2008, margins were lower, due to flow through of substantial raw material cost increases incurred during the year. In 2009, raw material costs have moderated. As we have said so many times in the past, when raw material cost increases – when raw material cost increases, our raw material escalated, de-escalated provisions lay behind in passing through all the increase. Conversely, when raw materials fall, those same escalated or de-escalator provisions lay behind in passing through the lower prices. Those are the mechanics of our model. More importantly, what we are seeing is the benefit of the improved sales mix of products with higher margins and cumulative benefit of our world-class manufacturing initiatives where we see improved waste, line speeds, reduced labor force et cetera. Flexible packaging operating profit as a percent of net sales was 13.9% for the current quarter, when adjusted for the gain on the sale of property, the margin was 13.4%. This is a substantial increase from the 10% level of third quarter of 2008. With more stabilized raw material cost environment this quarter, the results reflect a more normalized profit level for North America.  As I mentioned before, the cumulative benefit of our global world-class manufacturing initiatives is also reflected in the financial results. We are very pleased to report that this improvement is not just North American centric. We see improved profitability in both Europe and South America. Henry will provide more details about our successes in the various geographic regions in 2009. But we’re very pleased of our European operations, had double-digit operating profit margins.  Our South American operations are benefitting from a strength in the economy and improving consumer buying power. In addition, our newly acquired rigid operations in South America have been rapidly integrated into our existing operations to achieve substantial synergies that exceeded our expectations. Operating profit as a percent of net sales for our pressure sensitive materials business was 4% this quarter, compared to 5.7% during the third quarter of 2008. We are encouraged by the fact that operating margins have almost doubled from second quarter of 2009 and sales mix and volumes have improved sequentially.  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter were $95.8 million or 10.7% of net sales. This is an increase from SG&A expense of $85.8 million in the third quarter of 2008, reflecting higher pension and employee incentive accruals in light of broad improvements in 2009 operating performance. Research and development expenses, as a percent of net sales, are consistent with last year and previous quarter. Other income and costs include several items that affect comparability. First, interest income has decreased because cash balances invested outside of the United States have declined compared to those in mid-2008. We use cash in Brazil to reduce debt during the fourth quarter of 2008 and to pay rigid packaging acquisition that we made in early June of this year. Other costs and income also includes $16 million of acquisition related financing professional fees incurred during the third quarter. These costs were partially offset by gain of $3.6 million on the sale of the office building located in Brazil. Interest expense increased by $3.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2008, excluding the interest expense associated with the $800 million bond issue in July to fund a portion of the acquisition, interest expense would have decreased by $5.7 million compared to the third quarter of 2008. This decrease is due to lower interest rates on commercial paper outstanding, as well as lower levels of debt. During the quarter, we reevaluated our anticipated 2009 tax rate. Based on our analysis, we lowered the rate from 36.5% to 36.3%. The third quarter tax rate of 36% reflects the reduction necessary to adjust the new year-to-date rate to 36.3% for 2009. We expect this rate of 36.3% to continue for the remainder of the year. This total year rate is slightly higher than the 36.1% for the first nine months of last year, reflecting a change in geographic sales mix. Our debt to total capitalization increased to 40.4% at the end of this quarter, reflecting the impact of both the $800 million of new bonds, with debt reduction efforts using strong cash flow from operations and the impact of issuance of 8.2 million shares of common stock. If we exclude the impact of bonds and common stocks issued for the pending Alcan Packaging Food America acquisitions, our ratio would have been 22.9% this quarter. This continued reduction in debt reflects the incredible amount of cash that Bemis has and continues to generate. It should be noted that approximately $1 billion raised this quarter was not used to pay down commercial paper, but invested in U.S. Treasuries in order to preserve the principle balance and maintain access to the commercial paper market to facilitate closing. Cash flow from operations totalled $128.6 million for the third quarter of 2009, which was boosted by $44.7 million of working capital improvements. With our nine month cash flow from operations at a record $395.9 million, we are in pace to achieve a new record for annual cash flow from operations in 2009. In addition to improving cash flow in 2009, we’ve also maintained lower capital spending levels in 2009 and still expect our total year capital expenditures to be in the range of about $100 million. We continue to benefit from operations improvements where we have created new capacity through improved production efficiencies on existing equipment, thereby creating what we call virtual equipment and avoiding capital spending.  Our facilities are in great shape and will maintain using this strategy. With regard to liquidity, we have a $425 million credit facility available to support our commercial paper program at the end of the third quarter with about $179 million of commercial paper and industrial revenue bonds issued against it.  We have amended the size of this credit facility to increase it by $200 million at the time of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas acquisition just completed, and we expect this credit facility to be sufficient for our cash needs in the future. Finally, as I stated earlier this year, we believe our guidance should reflect our expectations for operating performance compared to 2008. Therefore, our guidance excludes any estimate for acquisition related costs, financing charges or dilutions associated with financing our acquisition or severance. Our guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.40 to $0.45 per share, which also raises our total year guidance from the range of $1.68 to $1.75 up to a new range of $1.81 to $1.86. This new range accounts for not only the outstanding performance of our operations during the first nine months of the year, but also our expectations for a seasonally slower final quarter of the year. The month of October is expected to be quite strong, which is a normal pattern as our customers prepare for the holiday season. However, after that build-up orders usually soften in November, December as our customer's work off inventories for their year-end.  Now, I will turn it over to Henry for his comments.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you Gene and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report that Bemis is continuing to perform well. Cash flow from operations continues to strengthen and is on its way to a new record level in 2009. Our investments in value-added product lines over the past few years are clearly bearing fruit, and our world-class manufacturing initiatives are building momentum. World-class manufacturing initiative improves resin efficiency by reducing waste and improving specifications. Increases equipment up time and increases production output. During this past quarter, we had relative stability in resin cost as a result our selling prices where appropriately matched with current input cost. In this environment, our focus on growth platforms and world-class manufacturing initiatives were more visible then when raw material increases cloud at operating results. Our performance is also driven by the value we are achieving from our global product investment strategy. As a result, we have a number of innovative new products that were designed to meet long-term trends and change consumer preferences. Our Magic Steam Packaging is used for frozen vegetables that are microwave cooked in the package.
 : Our Crinkle-Fresh Packaging is becoming the standard for prepackage salads. It is used to extend the shelf life of fresh lettuce and other produce applications that require control permeability, allowing the fresh produce to properly respirate. Additionally, customers are now incorporating both anti-fog and easy open features into the package. We are pleased to see that our thin gauge shrink film, which historically have been sold into industrial, home improvement, and display markets are moving into food markets. Our teams have been successfully transferring this technology to food applications such as fresh poultry and frozen pizza. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, we have been developing energy cure technology. This technology has led us into a new market for pressure sensitive adhesives. This is consistent with our strategy to be focused on niche markets in this business segment. 
 : The peal reseal packages are being used in applications in the United States such as specialty meats, sliced cheeses, salmon, and chicken strips, and includes private label customers and small niche food companies. This is a growing format for our U.S. markets and we are pleased to have a technology that not only offers a solution that meets the food safety and shelf life needs, but also provides a sustainable solutions that is lower cost to our customers than the standard rigid packaging alternatives. This packaging incorporates an adhesive system, uses our polyester technology and will soon include a patent pending tamper-evident feature. In our multiwall bag division, we have also developed a new product line that addresses sustainability. Our new [INTEGRA guard] eco-wise packages are the first earth friendly paper package with various properties to offer a functional replacement from multiwall bags with poly liners.  Our INTEGRA guard bags are repulpable, meaning these fibers can be recycled back into the papermaking process. Our coating technology allows us to provide a unique grease and moisture barrier that eliminates the need for a poly-lining. Our film technologies are being used in new environmentally friendly Pagan Well System that uses compressed air to replace pressurized gases using aerosol cans. Our nylon pouch integrates well with the valve technology and replaces the aluminous sleeve that would otherwise be inside of the can. The trend toward eating at home continues to bolster grocery store sales in general. This is apparent in increased demand for packaging for frozen pizza and meal kits as an alternative to eating out. We are also seeing continued growth of single served products like coffee and powdered beverages. Even lawn and garden products are moving in this direction towards smaller quantities with the improved consumer convenience packaging features. We are pleased to see the Brazilian economy leading the global economic recovery. Our 13 manufacturing facilities in Brazil and Argentina are performing very well and we are happy with our three new rigid packaging facilities that we acquired from Huhtamaki in June. During the third quarter, we were able to take advantage of this new capacity to redistribute production and reduce transportation cost significantly. Combined with the benefits of better economies of scale as part of a larger packaging company, these immediate changes to the cost structure have quickly improved operating margins at those facilities well beyond our original expectations. I'm also very pleased with our European flexible package operations. This business unit has substantially improved its operation over the past several quarters and achieved double-digit operating profit this quarter. In Europe, we are benefiting for both the implementation of the world-class manufacturing initiatives that began in 2007 and the valuable investments that were made in new equipment capacity for niche products over the past five years.  We have been able to grow our sales of value-added products in that market and improve sales mix. As Gene mentioned, our acquisition of Alcan Packaging Food Americas is still awaiting regulatory approval. We are excited about this acquisition. We have our transition plans in place and we anticipate approval before the end of 2009. Now, I would like to open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And we'll go first to Claudia Hueston with JPMorgan. 
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan:  Hi, thanks very much. Good morning.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning Claudia.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan:  You talked about some sequential pickup in your flexible packaging businesses and I was wondering if you could just characterize the pickup that you saw in the third quarter, versus what would normally happen, sort of third quarter versus second quarter?
Henry J. Theisen: I think it was very much like it normally is. Normally, we have good second and third quarters. Generally, they are about the same. So, I think in this case, we saw just a little more pickup than we normally would have expected, but it isn’t a drastic difference.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan:  Okay. And then in Europe, it sounded like, you've made very good progress there, I was pleased to hear about the double-digit margins, could you just talk a little bit more about what's driving that and maybe what volume trends look like in Europe?
Henry J. Theisen: What's really driving our growth in Europe is our polyester technology in our platforms. In Europe, a lot of sliced meat, sliced lunch and meats or fishes were sold in a rigid polyester with a polyethylene sealing and then the list stock would be in oriented polyester with a polyethylene sealing. Our technology is to make a multi layer film and that was really the investment that we made in 7-layer blown film equipment. Allows us to make a polyester sealing that eliminates the use of polyethylene altogether. So, not only are we able to decrease the weight of the polymers that we are using by about a third, we are also able to put it in the polyester recycle stream. And that is generating the real growth, and that generates savings for our customers and it generates better margins for ourselves.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan: Okay. And then just the overall trends in terms of European volumes, how would you characterize those in the quarter?
Henry J. Theisen: I think they were rather flat.
Claudia Hueston – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ghansham Punjabi with Robert W. Baird. 
Ghansham Punjabi – Robert W. Baird: Yes, good morning.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning, Ghansham.
Ghansham Punjabi – Robert W. Baird: So, just as a follow-up to Claudia's question, if volume is pretty much tracked in line with expectations was there something else that drove the upside? Was it raw material spreads or maybe performance in Europe?
Henry J. Theisen: I think it was, overall it was mix. I think, we sold more of our higher margin products that come off with the investments we made in the past, and you know we sold a little less of polyethylene packaging first things like tissue wrap and that. So the real gain was in the mix. 
Ghansham Punjabi – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just looking at the fourth quarter in terms of guidance, given the comparisons that are quite a bit easier just based on what happened last year, is it fair to expect that volumes will come positively? Is that what you are assuming for the fourth quarter?
Henry J. Theisen: Yeah, I think we are assuming slight growth in volumes.
Ghansham Punjabi – Robert W. Baird: In both businesses, right?
Henry J. Theisen : Yeah it's correct.
Ghansham Punjabi – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim Thein with Citi.
Timothy Thein – Citigroup: Hi. Thanks, good morning. Just Henry, a followup on that last one, in the fourth quarter if you think about, certainly you talked about having a full quarter of the new capacity down in South America, presumably the dollar, the FX is, it probably helps you. What else is there to think about, I mean on the kind of sequential change, third quarter to fourth for the guidance to be again showing down from third, is it – is there anything other than seasonality to think about there?
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think so. I think it's really the seasonality as we go through the year.
Timothy Thein – Citigroup: Okay. And then lastly coming back to Europe, is it historically kind of a market where you had two bigger players that kind of dooked it out and I think led to a little bit more of a competitive pricing backdrop. Have you seen any change there, on that front, given that the returns have been pretty lousy for quite a while or you would, coming back just on this kind of mix improvement as to attributing the pick up too?
Henry J. Theisen: No, I really attribute our pick up really to the technologies that we placed over there and getting into these new polyester technologies. So, it's really mix for us.
Operator: We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning George.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Good morning. [Nice start] in the quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:
 :
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if I can give you an exact number that would be precise, but my personnel view is that they are about even.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, can you continue the improvement in mix with the existing trend in volume as you see it today?
Henry J. Theisen: I do think we will continue to see an improvement in mix. I think it goes back to some of the, that's why I highlighted some of the new products that we're introducing into the marketplace. And so I think as we continue, you know based on our track record to generate new products, we've been very good and trying to marry our investment strategies to those new products and platforms and I think we can continue to improve that mix.
Operator:
 :
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Good morning Henry.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning Mark.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Is there any, I'll just come back to that flexible packaging margins, is there any further compression that we might see in kind of fourth quarter versus third quarter just from residual catch up to lower resin?
Henry J. Theisen: It would be minimal if there is anything. I think really at the end of the second quarter you pretty well had your selling prices and your input costs in sink it. So, it shouldn't be a drastic change going forward here.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Right and as a follow on, how much runway is there less in terms of margin expansion over in Europe do you think?
Henry J. Theisen: I think we will be pretty steady in that 10% area. I don't see a great uptick in margin improvement in Europe from where we are today.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Al Kabili with Macquarie Investments.
Al Kabili – Macquarie Research Equities: Great, thanks for taking my question guys.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning Albert.
Al Kabili – Macquarie Research Equities: Good morning. I just wanted to get a little bit of color on the update on Alcan. If I heard your comments right, you are still in the process of requesting – of submitting the additional information request from the Department of Justice, and that is expected to be done early November is that right?
Henry J. Theisen: Yes. That’s correct. We're still in the process of accumulating all the information requested in the second request. We expect that we will have it all submitted in early November and at that point we'll certify that we substantially complied with that request. 
Al Kabili – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. And so then presumably to, you know make the end of year acquisition complete you are expecting the DOJ to respond within what – within 30 days or so, is that what they are telling you? Can you just give us an update on the dialogue there?
Gene C. Wulf: It's our understanding or at least my understanding that once that we certify our compliance to the second request, the clock will start ticking and it's as a 30-day clock.
Operator: We’ll take our next question form Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning Mike.
Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets: Could you give thoughts on market spaces where you feel like pricing is holding up reasonably well? Where you are seeing some price competition perhaps beyond expectations? And then also whether you're feeling like you’re taking and dropping share in this environment?
Henry J. Theisen:  There is a lot of people we compete with flexible pack and pressure sensitive with them and they are all very competitive. I see the competitive landscape today the same as it was a year ago. I don’t really see it changing.
Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets: Any particular market areas that are more or less--?
Henry J. Theisen: No I don’t think so -- because there isn't any market areas that are changing from what they have been in the past.
Michael Hamilton – RBC Capital Markets:  Could you comment at all, sounds like you are little more pleased on confection?
Henry J. Theisen: Yeah, I think we are. Confection is a competitive marketplace it's been over the last few yeas and it seems to have stabilized a little more than it have been in the past.
Operator: We’ll go next to [Sarah Majors] with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities:  Good morning and nice quarter.
Henry J. Theisen:  Thank you, good morning.
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning. I just want to follow up on the Alcan question. In the prepared remarks, from what I read, you said the transaction to be approved by year-end and close as soon as possible thereafter. I know the original execution was to close the deal by year-end so are we looking at a timeline that maybe pushed out about a month or so behind those original expectations?
Gene C. Wulf: Well the original expectation didn’t include a second request.
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah
Gene C. Wulf: And now we expect that we will fulfill the second request in early November. The DOJ then has a month to rule on it and we’re very comfortable with where we're at. We're expecting to get an approval on it and we would close as soon as we can after that.
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And just a follow-up on the next question, with this additional request, should we expect any additional or, incremental costs associated with closing the deal then?
Gene C. Wulf: There will be no other cost other than all the cost to pull the data, which obviously is relatively expensive, but there won't be any other cost other than the time affect on the interest that we have because it's taken us an extra two months to close.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Manuel with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Manuel – Keybanc Capital Markets:  Good morning. How are you today?
Henry J. Theisen:  Great. Yourself?
Christopher Manuel – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Hey, I wanted to circle back to a question that you would kind of comment a couple different ways earlier and that's some of the differential on the flexible packaging performance, if I look at the operating improvement, 3Q '08 to 3Q ’09 its 20 million bucks. You've indicated in you press release about a 1.3 million was currency. There was also I am sure some impact from the acquisition in South America, but we still have about $16 to $17 million improvement on some lower volume. So, I know that mix was a contributor, there were kind of three things that it sounds like we're contributors. Price cost had been a pretty significant one. Could you help us potentially bucket those in terms of maybe what was in price cost, maybe what was in mix, maybe what was in productivity and my thought was maybe the price cost was the biggest given how far behind you were year-over-year, but I’m not sure?
Melanie E. R. Miller: Chris as you look at it, first thing within flexible packaging remember also that we have the gain on the sale of that property in Brazil and that's another 3.6 million of that change in addition to the currency translations --.
Christopher Manuel – Keybanc Capital Markets:  I meant 20, I've taken that out already.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Oh, you have. Okay. Then looking at the split year-over-year for flexible packaging, again as Gene mentioned in his comments it's really – most of it is a decrease in volume and then net decrease in price mix. We have a really hard time getting into the details to separate mix and pull it out of volume and price because of the diversity in the products that we're making, but the mix really helps substantially offset the decrease in prices, just part of the way that our business model works when we are passing along the lower resin cost. In 2008, as you recall, during the third quarter, resin prices were substantially higher. They went way up at the end of June because of some announcements or increases that the suppliers had made up 20% and 25% for certain resins, just in the month of June. And all of that really flushed through in the third quarter of '08. So, by comparison to this quarter, as Henry had said, we really had -- our selling prices in resins in line by the end of the second quarter and third quarter was pretty well matched.
Christopher Manuel – Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay. So, you are in line presently, but last year in the second, third quarter I was thinking you were behind, is that --
Melanie E. R. Miller: That's right. So, therefore second quarter of last year was dampened by the resin issues and this quarter we don't have that issue and instead we're benefiting from a better mix of products that we are selling, we were selling higher margin products.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take a follow-up question from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks. When I was looking back at the model for flexible packaging guys, you know sometimes the fourth quarter earnings before interest and taxes is ahead of the third quarter number, sometimes it's below, it's roughly 50-50 going back the last 10 plus years. In years, where you have seen a stronger fourth quarter versus third quarter, which Henry sounds like usually in your view that's not what happens, what have been some of the outstanding factors? And what I'm really asking is, is there potentially some chance that your fourth quarter guidance for flexible could wind-up being conservative, given again the empirical that you suggest that it's 50-50 where the fourth quarter is better or worse versus third quarter? And I have a follow on. Thanks.
Henry J. Theisen: I think really a good start. A lot of that has to do with volume. In the third or in the fourth quarter, you know we have the Thanksgiving holidays, we have the Christmas holidays, we have the shutdowns, we do a lot of preventive maintenance work. So, and in some of those months, we have less coverage of our fixed cost. So, we have, our substantial volume, we have good volume increases, you know we have to run those factories harder and cover those costs if kind of these flat volumes continue, we will take some of that time to do the preventive maintenance and get setup for 2011, excuse me 2010.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, you are saying the ordering patterns around this season, around the holidays can vary quite a bit?
Henry J. Theisen: It can vary. And how much people, how sales go, how much inventory people pull, those kind of things.
Operator: We will take another follow-up question from Sarah Majors with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Actually, I just want to go on the same thread. I'm wondering if you can just give a little bit more detail on Delta, on the increased guidance. It sounds like you think a lot of it is going to be from volume, especially in October, but then again it sounds like the volume question could be questionable. Could you just give a little bit more color on that? I mean what's driving that increased guidance?
Gene C. Wulf: Sarah, I think we are going to be looking in the fourth quarter, that year-over-year, we are going to have an improvement versus last year because of resin cost that we were still incurring in the fourth-quarter of last year, but principally what we are seeing is, we are seeing an improved mix in our sales right now, where we are selling more of our higher margin items then we are of our lower margin items. So, we expect that to continue as we go into the fourth-quarter. The stronger markets in these higher margin product lines and we expect that will be in a stable position in the lower margin items, but we are continuing to grow in these high margin products.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Another thing just to clarify, the volumes in the fourth quarter of '08 declined dramatically as customers reacted to the global financial crisis last fall. We do not expect that to re-occur this year in the fourth quarter. So, the fourth-quarter volumes will be, we expect to be better than fourth quarter of '08. However, as Henry has said, seasonally third quarter tends to be a stronger volume quarter than fourth quarter.
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And just a follow-up on the guidance question, what kind of resin assumptions do you have implicit in your guidance and you know are they still stable? Are you – then looking back at the price cost relationship in the quarter as well.
Henry J. Theisen : I'll break it into two parts, one is polyethylene or more the commodity resins. There are some announced increases out in the marketplace that may or may not go through, and as far as the specialty resins, which make of a big chunk of what we have that’s pretty stable. So overall, I'm going to say it's stable to may be a slight increase in the polyethylene area. 
Sarah Majors – Wells Fargo Securities: What do you think availed to offset that with pricing and have kind of a balance relationship there? 
Henry J. Theisen : Yes. It’s not that drastic you know, what really affects us is, is when you get into those markets where like the oil went from $740 and you just never catch up with them. If you get just a slight increase so you get one increase and not that – not the velocity that we have. Last year we were able to pass those through. 
Operator: Our next question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. 
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Henry it sounds like volume continues to be pretty sluggish, it also sounds like you are getting some really nice productivity gains. Does all of this have you continuing to rethink your footprint? 
Henry J. Theisen : No, no I'm very happy with the footprint. I think really you know in the last couple of years we've really controlled our CapEx spending and our footprint is in good shape compared to what we're doing in the past, and we've also gone through and through our world-class manufacturing in our efforts there have improved the productivity and equipment we do have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take a followup question from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : Hi guys. Last one. Gene, is it possible to comment as to what's remaining in the information request that you have to provide to the DOJ regarding Alcan. Reading between the lines from your commentary here, it sounds like at this juncture it's really more or less procedural. I don’t know if you could agree with that type of characterization, but just any additional thoughts you have there would be helpful. Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Gene C. Wulf: Thank you. On that question George, we are in the final stages of responding to the DOJ, it is mechanical from here on out. So, we fully expect that we will be in compliance to the request in early November.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you very much everyone for joining us. This ends the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - VP, IR and Treasurer Henry Theisen - President and CEO Gene Wulf - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ghansham Punjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Al Kabili - Macquarie Joseph Naya - UBS David Woodyatt - Keeley Asset Management Mike Hamilton - RBC Capital Tim Burns - Cranial Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Bemis Company second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you. Today is July 17, 2009 and a replay of this call will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the business, followed by Gene, who will provide additional details on financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected, or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, costs and innovation risk associated with business combinations, changes in labor relations, interest rate fluctuations, and availability and cost of bank financing, and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. Now, I will turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Henry Theisen: Thank you and good morning everyone. We are very pleased to announce earnings per share $0.50 for the second quarter, which is well above our guidance that was set a few months ago. We are enjoying strong order volume in the areas of our business, where we have been investing and we are realizing the benefits of our productivity improvements. Our business teams have been doing a great job of taking costs out and improving productivity in our operations. These efforts have been ongoing for some time. The rising raw material cost environment in the second half of 2008 masked these productivity improvements. As we have explained in the past, our business model accommodates raw material cost changes with customer contracts that automatically adjust selling prices at pre-defined points of time. In this model, there is a time lag between when the raw material cost changes and the corresponding change in selling price. Although we feel the quarter-to-quarter impact of changes in raw material costs and selling prices, in the long run these quarterly impacts offset and we are neutral. During the first six months of 2009, we enjoyed the impact of the lower raw material costs. In the second quarter, raw material cost increases were announced. But due to the timing of orders and shipments, we were able to maintain our cost benefit through the end of June. This is not expected to continue through the second half of the year, but we do expect to retain the increased margins associated with our cost management and productivity improvement efforts. Cash flow in the second quarter and in the first half of 2009 was also very strong. Our business teams have initiated programs to reduce working capital in 2009 and their efforts have been very successful. We will maintain this focus on cash flow and debt reduction going forward to ensure that our capital needs are met, our dividend program is supported, our pension plans are appropriately funded and we are achieving our planned debt reduction schedule. Looking forward, the economy is still challenging, but some eat-at-home categories continue to show growth, such as single-serve coffee, frozen food, pizza, bakery, cheese and liquid packaging. We saw a sequential volume improvement from the first quarter to the second quarter in 80% of the flexible packaging and pressure sensitive products that we sell. This is due to a combination of seasonally stronger sales occurring in the second quarter and also restocking at low volume levels in the end of 2008 and beginning of 2009. I am pleased to report that our European flexible packaging operation has reported high single-digit operating profit for the second quarter in a row. While they get some benefit from raw materials, they've also made substantial changes to operations with world class manufacturing program initiatives, and their sales mix has adjusted to include more packaging that uses proprietary bMET films and sealants. Our South American operations are doing well in local currency, and we are very pleased to have added four plants to our business with the June acquisition of Huhtamaki's South American rigid packaging operations. Huhtamaki had announced that they were getting out of the rigid business globally, which caused these assets to be available for sale. These plants are located in both Brazil and Argentina. We have rigid packaging plants in South America that are profitable making product such as tubs for edible fats, yoghurt cups and food service items. While, we do not plan to expand into rigid packaging in the rest of the world, we like our existing business and we are pleased to be able to add the Huhtamaki plants. This new business is a bolt-on to our existing rigid business expanding our reach into more rigid packaging for ice cream, personal care applications and additional food service items. Our medical device packaging business is steady and we're optimistic about volume growth in the remainder of 2009. We have great opportunities for growth in this particular category as new medical devices enter the market and the pharmaceutical industry continues to incorporate flexible packaging in place of rigid containers. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials business I am pleased with the steps that have been taken in both our North American and European operations to control costs in this weak economic environment. Our business teams have reacted quickly to take out cost in the face of substantial volume declines. Once the economies in both regions begin to recover, we will work to keep this lower cost structure in place to accelerate margin recovery. Lastly as you know, we announced last week that we are planning to acquire the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business from Rio Tinto. The total purchase price of $1.2 billion will be financed with $1 billion of debt and $200 million of equity. With this structure, we expect to maintain our investment grade credit rating and quickly use strong free cash flow to pay off debt and reduce interest expense. Once completed, we expect this acquisition to be accretive to earnings per share and produce strong cash flow. In total, we have a lot going on at Bemis and we have not taken our foot off the gas. Our guidance for the second half of this year is lower than the first half, but we do expect the benefits of lower raw material cost to fade and volumes overall to remain weak. The sequential volume increase from the first to the second quarters is encouraging. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Gene for specific comments on the financial results.
Gene Wulf: Thank you, Henry, and good morning to everyone. First I’d like to point out that we have announced our second quarter earnings earlier than we would normally do this quarter. In fact, once we realized that the month of June had substantially outperformed our expectations and began to quantify this increase, we accelerated the closing process to prepare for the preannouncement. In doing so with lots of long hours we were able to accelerate our full second quarter earnings announcement today. Starting with the income statement, we recorded $0.47 per share on a GAAP basis for the second quarter. This includes $0.03 per share of charges associated primarily with acquisition related costs. Excluding those costs we would have reported $0.50 per share for the second quarter. This $0.50 per share result is comparable to our guidance of $0.35 to $0.43 per share for the second quarter. In our flexible packaging business, our major raw material is plastic resin including a wide variety of specialty resins. In this difficult economic environment resin price had been coming down during much of the first half of the year. We have contracts with many of our customers that specify for periodic price adjustments that defined trigger points. This creates a time lag between each publicly reported change in the resin cost and the timing for our selling prices to adjust, if applicable. During the second half of 2008, resin costs increased rapidly and our results were negatively impacted by the time lag between the cost increase and the related adjustment to selling price. In 2009, as raw material prices have come down, we experience the opposite effect and have benefited from the same time lag. Looking specifically at net sales first, we reported an 11.6% year-over-year decrease in consolidated net sales during the second quarter. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales would have decreased 4.9%. For flexible packaging net sales, second quarter net sales decreased 9.9% from the second quarter of 2008. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales were only 3.3% lower than last year. This decrease principally reflects lower volume offset partially by higher price mix.  Looking at the categories and to which we sell our flexible packaging, and excluding the impact of currency, sales for meat and cheese and medical device packaging, representing about 37% of the total flexible packaging net sales was about equal to the levels of the second quarter of 2008. In each case, volume was flat to down modestly offset by a higher price mix compared to last year. Net sales increased for dairy and liquid products, dry foods and other miscellaneous food product categories, which represents about 22% of total flexible packaging net sales. In the case of dairy and liquid and dry foods, the increase in net sales was supported by strong volume increases. For other food categories, lower volume was more than offset by improved price and sales mix. Net sales for remaining food and consumer product categories like bakery, confectionary and snack, multi-pack, pet foods and treats, health and hygiene products decreased compared to the second quarter of 2008. These categories totaled about 30% of flexible packaging sales. For bakery products, the volume increased was offset by lower price and mix. In the remaining categories, lower sales were driven by lower sales volume within each category. The remaining flexible packaging sales to industrial and other non-food categories decreased from last year's levels, reflecting generally lower sales volumes. These markets would not be tied to food or medical device market demand and therefore are much more sensitive to economic conditions. In our pressure sensitive material business segment, net sales decreased by about 20% from the second quarter of 2008. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales decreased about 13%. Looking at specific product lines within this segment, our label product's category was down only about 4%, reflecting the net effect of lower sales volume partially offset by higher price and mix. These products were sold to label printers, and we found that sales to our North American customers have virtually stabilized. On the other hand, graphic product mix sales, which depend heavily on demand from advertising markets in Europe, decreased over 20% compared to the second quarter of 2008. Sales of technical products are also down dramatically reflecting the slowness in demand for our customer's product in the housing and automotive markets. Continuing through the income statement, Bemis' gross margin was 20.6% for the quarter, which is a full 3% above the 17.6% gross margin level of last year. As Henry discussed, this is driven by decreasing raw material cost levels combined with improved plan efficiencies and cost management initiatives. With regard to operating profit, flexible packaging operating profit was 13.9% of net sales for the second quarter of 2009, a substantial increase from the 10.9% of net sales in the second quarter of 2008. As I mentioned earlier in my comments, raw material cost decreased ahead of the path-through mechanisms. In addition, operational improvements in North America and Europe from our world class manufacturing and other cost improvement programs have contributed to this improvement in operating margin. Pressure Sensitive material operating profit as a percent of net sales was 2.2% for the second quarter of 2009. This compares to 5.5% for the same quarter of 2008, and reflects the lower unit volumes experienced in this segment this year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were about $89 million, which is about the same dollar level as the first quarter as well as last year. Research and development expenses are also consistent with last year and last quarter. Other costs and income reflect a few items that should be identified and affect comparability. We have recorded $4.7 million of acquisition related professional fees during the second quarter. These fees relate both to our completed Huhtamaki South American rigid plastic acquisition and the Alcan Packaging Food America acquisition effort. Also, interest income and fiscal incentives has decreased by about $4.1 million, when compared to 2008. Cash balances have declined since last year, because in fourth quarter 2008, we transferred to the US about $62 million in the form of dividends from various international locations. In addition, we used cash in Brazil to pay for the acquisition that we made in early June. Interest expense is lower than last year reflecting both lower debt balances, as well as substantially lower interest rates. Lastly, as we explained in the first quarter, we have reclassified non-controlling interest to a position below net income in the income statement and is now presented net of tax. As such, our tax rate has adjusted to reflect this and is 36.7% in the second quarter, which is slightly above the first quarter in last year, reflecting the change in geographic sales mix. Our debt to total capitalization is down to 26.3% this quarter reflecting our strong cash flow and debt repayment. However, obviously this will change once the Alcan Packaging Food America transaction closes. Assuming the transaction closes by the end of 2009, we currently expect debt to total capitalization to be in the high 40s at year end.  During the second quarter of 2009, cash flow from operations totaled about $119 million, substantially higher than any quarter of 2008. In 2009, we are focused on managing working capital levels, which has helped release cash from the balance sheet during the first six months of this year. We are also spending less on capital than we did in 2008. For the second quarter of 2009, we invested in $23.1 million of capital expenditures compared to $30.2 million in the second quarter of 2008. For the total year, we anticipate net cash provided by operating activities before cash related to hedging contributions, acquisition activities and severance to be in the $425 million to $475 million range. For the total year, we continue to expect total capital expenditures to be in the $100 million to $110 million range. With regard to liquidity, we have $425 million credit facility available to support our commercial paper program at the end of the second quarter with about $258 million of commercial paper and industrial revenue bonds issued against it. Excluding the planed financing associated with the acquisition of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business, we expect this credit facility to be sufficient for our cash needs in the future. We maintain, the fine benefit pension plans in North America and Europe. We made a tax deductible voluntary contribution of $30 million to our US pension plans during the second quarter of 2009. Finally, with regard to guidance, it is important to note that we have a lot of going on in this year, much of which we are unable to predict with confidence due to the timing of the closing of our proposed acquisition. As a result, our guidance excludes any estimates for acquisition related costs, financing charges associated with the acquisition or severance. We narrow and raise the upper end of our guidance for the year from the range of $1.50 to $1.70 per share to a range of $1.68 to $1.75 per share. This change accommodates the outperformance of our operations during the first half of the year. We remain cautiously optimistic about the second half of 2009. In addition, our guidance for the third quarter is $0.38 to $.43 per share reflecting the continued uncertainty of the global economic environment, the choppiness of product demand and uncertainty of resin pricing for next six months. Now, we will open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Ghansham Punjabi.
Ghansham Punjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Hey Henry, could you elaborate little bit on the European flexible packaging business. What was the delta there relative to expectations, was it volumes, was it cost take out et cetera, just trying to get some flavor there?
Henry Theisen: The European business is improving really for the last say four quarters and has done a really nice job in this year. The two main reasons are the world class manufacturing efforts we put in place. A lot of those improvements if you remember, the European businesses came with other acquisitions. We got a piece of Clysar business from DuPont. We got a plant when we did Paramount. We ended up with a plant from UPM. And in putting together the world class manufacturing, we've got these initiatives going across the plants, we got the plants working together with each other and so we have been able to gain some advantages there. The other is, goes back to the investments we made in the past and the plan we had to upgrade the value added part of our businesses over there. We put in seven-layer materials, we put in technologies around polyester, and then we are starting to see the benefits of those value add sales which go with higher margins, because they offer solutions for our customers. So it's really a split between those two things and it's an ongoing growing program.
Ghansham Punjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: And as my follow up was the resin tailwind as substantial in Europe as it was in the states?
Henry Theisen: Yeah. I think it was.
Operator: We will take out next question from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:
 :
Henry Theisen: George, I don't know if we have that readily available. Just because of the volumes of sales we have in North America, the principal improvement would have been in North America in terms of dollar value.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, it would be fair to say that both South America and Europe were up each, maybe a couple of million dollars in EBIT?
Melanie Miller: Well, Europe certainly improved from last year. As we talked about a year ago second quarter or so of '08. Flexible packing, Europe was still experiencing mid single-digit operating profit, and they have really improved that up well into the high single-digit. So there is an improvement on roughly $350 million of flexible. On the other side if you are looking at total Bemis, and you've got the half of pressure sensitive out there in Europe that is really having a hard time, because of the exposure to the advertising markets with the graphic product. So, we don't really have it split up at all by region of the world. But like Gene said, we are pretty North American-centric with regard to our sales and our volumes, so it's a fair way to look at it.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: I understand. That's helpful, Melanie. The other question I had was, roughly speaking again, how much of the EBIT improvement do you think was related to the lag on resin pricing, which doesn't recur over the back half of the year? Thanks.
Gene Wulf:  George, we are estimating that somewhere between one-half and two-thirds of it is related to the material impact.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Gene Wulf:  Probably closer to the one-half than the two-thirds.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Claudia Hueston from JPMorgan.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan:  Wanted to just follow-up a little bit on the cost reduction plan in Europe and obviously the nice progress you've made there. Just how much room do you think there is to go? I mean, are you pretty much done with that initiative? And then as we look at some of your cost initiatives on a global basis, where you say you are in terms of rolling those out?
Henry Theisen: I think the cost initiatives that we have never stop. You tackle one area and then another becomes available to you, and I think this is a continuous program that we have that's going to go on for years, and it's going to deliver approximately the same savings it has delivered this year, it will deliver next year and the year after that, and the year after that.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan:  And can you just point out …
Henry Theisen: I know this is not a one-shot program, we're trying to capture a certain savings and you have a 12-month timeframe. This is a continuous program that keeps, as you take things off the topic keep adding new programs on the bottom and new opportunities.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan:  Okay. Is it possible to quantify the savings that you've got in year-to-date from the cost management program?
Henry Theisen: I think this varies so much from the individual business units we have in the individual continents. We don't actually keep a score sheet that adds up to the nearest penny.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan:  Okay.
Henry Theisen: I would look at it as our goal and our cost initiatives is to match the inflation that we have due to wages, energy, other costs associated with the business other than raw materials.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Manuel of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can you help us a little bit with, Gene you mentioned in part of your prepared comments that you had accelerated closing the books early in June as June was coming into be a pretty strong month. Can you help us with, what do you think drove the improvement from what was it. From a volume perspective, it appears as though, the volume trajectory hasn't changed much, was it more of or has it? Maybe that's part one of the question. Part two is, what was behind it other than the materials, was it your savings programs that are ramping up that will be sustained for the rest of the year or was it impacted volumes begin to improve?
Henry Theisen: Well, I'm going to take that from Gene for a second. The cost improvement programs in the past, we really haven't changed. They were just mired and hidden by the drastic increases in raw materials that I think will be going up for the last five years. With the raw materials going down, you finally got a chance to see the effect of these programs actually appear in the bottom line. But, the part about volumes on that, I really want to stress this is, we see good growth and good margin and good improvement in our business in those core areas that we've invested in the past. They are delivering new products for single-service coffee or pizzas, our PET platform, for shaved and meats, our programs along those lines that take into account our technologies and our material size. Those are the programs that are driving really the increased margins and increased profitabilities across our product lines.
Gene Wulf: I’ll just add Chris that, as we had anticipated the quarter to work out, we expected that the first part of the quarter would be stronger than the second part of the quarter. And, it became pretty apparent for us that when we got towards June that volumes and pricing that we were anticipating might change did not and that's what caused us to accelerate our reporting process.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So, it is more that the price stayed sticky or longer, is that…?
Gene Wulf: That's probably good way to say it or the benefit of the lower raw material prices stayed sticky or longer than we thought it would.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Then my follow-up question is does that continue into your third quarter for a bit or at July 1, where we effectively back at cost price balance per say, that spread was back to balance?
Gene Wulf:  I think we are back in balance now that we’ve gone through the first half of the year. We are very, very closed to balance. There might be some residual inventory to ship, but basically I think you have to look at it is our cost with raw materials is in balance with our selling prices.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to follow-up on Chris’ question about this June strength. If you could give us some sense just by segment, little more color on where that showed up?
Henry Theisen: Where that really shows up is with this weaker economy, there is less restaurant business, there is more eating at home. It goes even like at some specialty things that are really helping us out as people don’t want to give up the quality, but they still want, they really can’t afford to pay for it. A good example will be a Starbucks Coffee. It costs you $4 or $5. Nowadays, we have these single-service coffee that might cost you $0.50. So, you stay at home and you brew yourself to specialty cup coffee that saving a substantial amount of money, but it's a new product and new initiative for us. Pizzas would be another way you look at it, instead of going out to a Pizza Hut you buy a special high premium pizza that you make for yourself at home. I think what is really strange in June, are we seeing in people won’t go to the restaurants or won’t go out to eat or they won’t go out to a Pizza Hut, but they want that special treatment. So, they go out and buy these units that really are in upgrade in quality and value, only they make it at home. That’s where we’re seeing our best growth.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, cyclically, you're not really seeing anything yet that would tell us this whole pantry destocking that we seem to have gone through for the prior two or three quarters that that’s really shifted at this point?
Henry Theisen:  No, I think it's just stable for the first half of the year. There’s really no reason to think it's going to change drastically for the second half. That’s what we are seeing.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. You guys have always been good at kind of moving your customers to higher value added new products. Is there any sign that the recession has changed the behavior, particularly the packaged food companies on that count in terms of looking for new products?
Gene Wulf:  No, not at all. I think all of our packaged food companies and consumer product companies recognize that the package is a differentiator. If you got two products from two different customers, the package sometimes, the graphics, the convenience features, all of those things will make a particular person pick that package over another. So they continue to look for ways to set themselves apart from their competition. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Hi. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to also follow up on the June strength. Is there a way you could just give us a sense of June volumes year-over-year relative to the quarter average?
Gene Wulf:  No, I don't really have that available here right now. It was probably more of a mix issue for us than it was a volume issue, because as you heard me talk about volumes, you know volumes are still mediocre overall. They aren't robust in total, but what we found is the product lines that are more profitable for us, the extended shelf life products were much more profitable and did very well in the later part of the quarter.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Okay, understood. And then I guess also just wanted to follow-up on fresh case. Where are we with that now? Any updates on where we sit with the FDA?
Gene Wulf:  I think the FDA and the US government is one of the most frustrating things that can be. We are waiting for the final documentation to allow us to go out and market our product, and I can't give you a timeframe when that will happen.
Melanie Miller:  We will issue a press release when we get the official letter.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Right. Okay. Fair enough. I know the last time, I think you submit your questions in December. They asked our responses in December, have you got additional questions from them since then, or are we just waiting?
Henry Theisen:  No. We have not received any questions or any reason to believe that is not going to occur. They are very happy with the data that they have, and they've told us that there is nothing else that they need from us.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joseph Naya of UBS.
Joseph Naya - UBS: Good morning. Just I was wondering if you guys could share with us, what your outlook is in terms of resin and how that might play through on the enterprise cost equation going forward. It seemed you know, maybe we are moving back to little bit more stable from resin environment. Just wondering if that kind of matches up with your thinking?
Henry Theisen: That just match up. We look at our second half of this year in a stable situation. We really don't expect to see much change in the overall price of our raw materials.
Joseph Naya - UBS:  Okay. Have you seen any sort of an uptick in your particular mix of resins here lately, just kind of following to, I guess the broader commodity markets or?
Henry Theisen: Well, there have been some increases in the first half of the year in Polyethylene. There were two increases in the first half. There are some announcements out there. The export market has been rather strong in shipping some of these materials. But, later in the year you ought to start seeing some things coming out from the Middle East. There really is no strong demand. Some of the resin companies are slowing down some of their capacity. It just looks like a time it's going to be rather flat through the second half of the year.
Joseph Naya - UBS: So, you should be able to more than likely keep up pretty well with changes in prices going forward?
Gene Wulf:  Yes, I would expect that barring any kind of a strange hurricane or season or something like that.
Operator:  We'll take our next question from David Woodyatt of Keeley Asset Management.
David Woodyatt - Keeley Asset Management:  The comment that the pending acquisition will be accretive to GAAP earnings. Could you comment on whether there's going to any meaningful amount of non-cash expenses like amortization of intangibles?
Gene Wulf:  Certainly, there will be amortization of intangibles around technology and intellectual property. For US GAAP, we've got to value contracts and customers, things like that, so there will be amounts for that. We're working on that right now. It's not finalized, going through evaluation models.
Operator:  We'll talk our next question from George Staphos Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America:  Hey Henry, I just want to go back through some of your higher end, more value-added markets where you are saying, you are seeing good volume, good customer acceptance and good margins. In most of these markets, I know it's hard to generalize, would you say that you are really only one of two or one of three players who can reduce the substrates in the packages where those market at this juncture, or are they a bit more competitive than they are at least more fragmented than that?
Merrill Lynch:  Hey Henry, I just want to go back through some of your higher end, more value-added markets where you are saying, you are seeing good volume, good customer acceptance and good margins. In most of these markets, I know it's hard to generalize, would you say that you are really only one of two or one of three players who can reduce the substrates in the packages where those market at this juncture, or are they a bit more competitive than they are at least more fragmented than that?
Henry Theisen: There's still a lot of competition out in the marketplace and everyday we fight to keep our business and to win new business. So, I don't think it's restricted at all. It's a very competitive industry.
Gene Wulf:  There are lots of ways to solve the packaging problem too. And we'll have a unique solution that we think provides unique properties for that package and another competitor can come out with a different style that would compete with it.
George Staphos - Bank of America:  Okay. I guess, maybe trying to take a different swag at it, would you say that the number of competitors, who can produce what you produce in those markets, is up by a factor of 50% or double when you get into some of the more commodity-oriented markets that you compete in, say like bread bags?
Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I guess, maybe trying to take a different swag at it, would you say that the number of competitors, who can produce what you produce in those markets, is up by a factor of 50% or double when you get into some of the more commodity-oriented markets that you compete in, say like bread bags?
Henry Theisen: Well, 50% is a big number, but yeah there have been new competitors that have come in the market in the last five years as startups. So there is competition for product lines like bread bags for example. A lot of smaller competitors out there have added seven layer film lines that the resin companies and machinery companies teach them how to run different kinds and different gauges of film. So getting into our business, it's capable for a small competitor come in and take a technology and start to whittle away at our business.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Hamilton from RBC Capital.
Mike Hamilton - RBC Capital: I was wondering you did nice job of segmenting out your other income in the quarter, and I know it's a lot of moving parts there. How are you thinking about impacts 3Q?
Henry Theisen: In looking at other income, I think you're going to continue to see for ongoing kinds of thing. Interest income will be down, because we've taken a lot of cash out of our international operations so that interest income is down. Some of the fiscal incentives are starting to go away and that’s starting to go down a little bit. What would show up for acquisition related cost that will continue into the third quarter as we deal with valuations and final contracts that we signed, all that kind of stuff, but from ongoing operations the two key items would be interest income and fiscal incentives and I expect those to be declining going forward.
Operator: We’ll next to Tim Burns from Cranial Capital.
Tim Burns - Cranial Capital: Couple of questions, and I didn’t quite hear this. It sounded in PSM area that the roll label business was stabilizing, is that what I heard?
Gene Wulf: I think that’s a good word for it. It’s down from last year, but it’s through the second quarter stayed at that level.
Tim Burns - Cranial Capital: Okay, good. Well, that’s good thing. It’s big part of your business, right?
Gene Wulf: Well, it's not that big part of the business, but it’s a good thing.
Tim Burns - Cranial Capital: Okay, we’ll take it. Just wanted to double check that. And Henry, this fits into I guess, what’s been going on with the flexible packaging division in Europe, which is many times we think that you introduce a new technology and the world changes overnight. It’s like trying to teach the Dalai Lama and his followers that Soup at Hand by Campbell's Soup is the only way to go. So, I guess, my question to you is, is there anything you’ve learned from the experience of bringing your nylon multilayer technology to Europe, where they are pretty sophisticated already?
Henry Theisen: Yes, if there is anything it’s getting people to change. I mean they have to change their attitudes and their values and start to work together.
Gene Wulf: Tim, I’ve spent a lot of time in Europe in the last year, year-and-a-half and, I think there is kind of herd mentality over there too. You have to have a first adopter before other people want to follow, where as in the United States people want to be first and they want to have exclusivity. So, it’s the inverse of what we have here.
Tim Burns - Cranial Capital: Got you. Just last question I guess it could be construed as risky, but I think its general enough to talk about. With the acquisition you will be picking up a substrate that’s used around the world that Bemis isn’t necessarily a known expert, and that’s foil and people always say foil, who cares, but foil is a huge flexible packaging substrate around the world. How will you guys manage nylon versus polyester versus foil versus even I think there is still some paper in the portfolio. Is that something you thought about I mean because clearly you bring a lot to the table now you can’t miss getting a sale, but you obviously want to extract optimum value for Bemis shareholders.
Gene Wulf: Bemis Company does run a substantial amount of foil. It sells in the condiment business. Remember the old brick packs in the coffee business. So, we have quite a lot of experience in foil ourselves. And some foil we even use in the medical packaging arena. I think this is going to complement our technologies in foil and how we handle foil. I think we’ll also offer some opportunities combine it with some other materials and offer some specialty sealants. It will offer some opportunities to grow into retort and other areas and pet food. I think it's very complementary to our core technology base.
Operator: We will take our next question from Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Al Kabili - Macquarie: Just wanted to follow-up on the great cash flow outlook and it look like working cap is a big part of the improvement and wanted to get your sense Henry or Gene on, is the working capital improvement primarily just driven by lower resin prices and volumes, or is there something else that you are doing in the business that's driving some of that?
Henry Theisen:  Well, it is lower volumes. There is also lower pricing impact to it. But quite frankly, we have put a huge effort within and throughout the Bemis Company this year to improve our working capital. And I think all three of those are factors, but I think the principal factor is the drive for our business units to take working capital out of their business.
Al Kabili - Macquarie:  Okay. And then Henry, I guess maybe it's hard to do in this kind of a forum, but I just want to get your sense for your larger customers. How is the receptivity been to the Alcan announcement?
Henry Theisen: You know what, we really haven't, because it's in Hart-Scott-Rodino we really haven't had conversations with our customers other than just to inform them that the transaction was announced. Really haven't had much comment to listen, we really can't comment until we hopefully get government approval in the near future.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will go next to George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Just a couple of follow-on. Maybe generally a greater question for Gene. In terms of cash flow, Gene, what else should we expect in terms of pension fund in the rest of the year, does that $30 million tie geography to remind us, and what would you have us bake in for severance for the rest of this year?
Gene Wulf:  Well, for the pension side this will be the only contribution of any significance that we make. If there is anything in Europe, it would be minor to the consolidation of Bemis Company. As to the second question for severance, we aren't anticipating any severance issues, but if there is a change in the economy or a change in one of the markets, our goal is to react to it and be responsive to the change in demand. So, I don't want to say that there won't be, but we are not anticipating any.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the next question, Henry you're doing a great job again in the markets that you've targeted, whether its polyester, your PET platform, et cetera, you seem to have even though we can't quite see all the data, move pricing and mix up in those businesses, as you're also saying they remain competitive. So, as we go forward the next couple of quarters in the next several years, how do you keep moving your customers up the price mix chain and really the return chain, even as you have competition, snapping at your heels, and how do you do it while preserving cash flow?
Henry Theisen: I think the main reason you do that is through new programs, new R&D, new products. I think the core that allows us to do it is, we are a material science company, and I think that's one thing that we have that separates us from most of our competition is we're able to go to the base core resins and through blends, co-extrusions and various things that material science will allow us to solve problems and provide solutions that other people can't do. And that's our core way to grow our businesses through our technology.
Melanie Miller:  Remember also George, our customers are trying to differentiate themselves with packaging. So often times our customers will come to us with their new ideas about how they want to value up the package in order to entice consumers to buy their package over someone else's.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just one big picture question, as we step back as you digest this transaction, what's the thought process like? For example with the label business beginning to stabilize, as you look across the different product offerings you had obviously, you are taking a much deeper dive into the flexible packaging and component. How do you think about the whole portfolio here going forward with add, deletes, things of that nature and how strategically that label business would fit in at this juncture, or could fit in going forward?
Henry Theisen: Well, we do so substantial amount of multi-pack films or wraps around 24 bottles of water for instance or whatever. And almost all of those individual bottles, cans or whatever that we would use for a multi-pack business would have a label on the individual. So, in fact kind of complementary for our customers.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And at this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn it back over to Ms. Melanie Miller.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, operator, and thank you everyone for joining us today, and on again such short notice and I hope you all have a wonderful weekend. 
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS):
Executives: Melanie Miller – VP and Treasurer Gene Wulf – SVP and CFO Henry Theisen – President and CEO
Analysts: George Staphos – Banc of America Jason Brown – KeyBanc Capital Markets Claudia Hueston – J.P. Morgan Tim Thein – Citigroup Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank Alton Stump – Longbow Research Al Keabily [ph] – Macquarie Research Mike Hamilton – RBC Timothy Burns – Cranial Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you. Today is April 28th, 2009. A replay of this call will be available on our Web site, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and CEO, Henry Theisen; and, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Gene will begin with comments on financial details, followed by Henry who will provide additional details on operations and the market. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow up and then fall back into the queue for any additional question. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected, or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, costs associated with the pursuit of business combinations, interest rate fluctuations, the availability and cost of bank financing, and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gene Wulf.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Bemis reported first quarter 2009 earnings per share of $0.36. Excluding charges related to severance, and the implementation of FAS 141R, diluted earnings per share would have been $.043 cents per share, well above our guidance of $0.30 to $0.38 per share for the first quarter. Our guidance anticipated a difficult quarter for our pressure sensitive materials business, a negative impact from foreign currency translation of profits in South America and Europe, and a potential for weaker volumes for our flexible packaging segment. We did not anticipate the magnitude of our raw material cost that extended through the first quarter. This benefit is the reflection of lower raw material cost experienced this quarter before customer contracts triggered selling price adjustments. Our broad-based manufacturing cost reductions and process improvements will continue to benefit the company in future periods. There were several new accounting rules that impacted the financial statements this quarter, which I would like to briefly address. First, FASB staff position EIPF03-6-1, which was effective January 1, 2009, relates to the calculation of shares outstanding per share-based awards. This FASB staff position further interprets and clarifies the computation of shares outstanding for share-based awards. The impact of this change is a $0.01 decreased in basic and diluted earnings per share for each of the quarters presented. The 2008 earnings per share have been recast, reflecting impact of the new accounting guidance. We expect this new accounting guidance to have a similar impact on each of the comparable quarters presented for 2008. We have also implemented FAS 160 effective January 1, 2009, which relates to the presentation of non-controlling interests, formerly classified as minority interest, in consolidated financial statements. Under FAS 160, non-controlling interest is now presented in the income statement as an after-tax presentation rather than the pre-tax presentation that we have used in the past. In addition, in the equity section of the balance sheet, non-controlling interest has been moved from the mezzanine section of the balance sheet, between liabilities and equities, to an amount presented as a component of the total stockholder’s equity. Lastly, this quarter’s results include the impact of a $9.1 million charge from the January 1, 2009 implementation of statement of accounting standards number 141R. This new accounting standard for business combinations requires acquisition costs associated with a possible business combination must-be expense when incurred. These costs are principally accounting, legal, and professional fees associated with Bemis’ due diligence on the potential acquisition of a portion of the packaging business belonging to Rio Tinto PLC. As we have stated in our press release this morning, these confidential efforts are ongoing and are consistent with our historical acquisition strategy of focusing on our core competencies while retaining an investment grade profile. No further details or comments will be made available at this time. Now, I’d like to turn our attention to the business performance for the quarter. First quarter’s net sales of $843.4 million was 11% lower than net sales for the first quarter of 2008. Excluding the 8.3% negative impact of currency, net sales would have decreased by 2.7%. Flexible packaging net sales of $715.2 million decreased by 8.5% compared to the first quarter of 2008, reflecting the negative impact of currency effects, which reduced net sales by 8.7%. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales increased only modestly compared to the levels of 2008. While net price mix increased in nearly every market category, we experienced lower sales volume in mini-markets that are typically impacted by the economy. In the meat and cheese market, representing almost 30% of the flexible packaging sales, lower volume for meat reflected the difficult environment, in which our customers are currently operating. Unit volume growth in North American processed meats and cheese packaging was accompanied by year-over-year improvements in price mix. While in Europe and South America, unit volumes were down, but substantially offset by price and mix. In dairy and liquid markets, which represent about 8% of flexible packaging net sales, strong sales of liquid packaging in North America contributed to sizeable double-digit growth in net sales compared to last year. Net sales of packaging products to dry foods and bakery markets also increased compared to last year’s first quarter, principally driven by increased price mix. Dry foods and bakery markets make up about 6% and 4% of flexible packaging sales, respectively. We recorded positive sales trends in other food categories as well, which represent a total of about 7% of flexible packaging net sales. This includes packaging sold to a variety of markets, including pizza films and frozen foods. Sales to medical device markets increased this quarter, driven primarily by high single-digit increases in price mix. This market represents about 7% of flexible packaging sales. Compared to net sales level for the first quarter of 2008, we experienced decreased sales of packaging for markets such as confectionery and snacks, health food, health and hygiene, industrial and overwrap for multi-pack like bottled beverages. Confectionery and snack market sales, which total about 7% of flexible packaging sales, were down about 6% for the first quarter of last year, primarily due to lower volume levels. Hygiene and health volume weaknesses that started in the fourth quarter of 2008, continued into the first quarter, resulting in the 5% decrease in net sales to these markets. This market represents about 10% of total flexible packaging sales. Much of this volume drop is the result of customers’ inventory adjustments. In this market, we see volume as rebounding in the second quarter. Packaging sales to industrial markets represent about 4% of total packaging sales, and are more sensitive to economic conditions. Net sales to industrial markets decreased over 20% compared to the first quarter of 2008. Sales of our overwrap packaging for beverages and other food products, which we call multi-pack, declined 10% compared to the first quarter of 2008, reflecting continuous slowdown in bottled water sales that began in 2008. This market represents about 5% of our flexible packaging sales. In our pressure sensitive material business segment, net sales of $128.2 million for the first quarter of 2009, decreased 22.6% compared to the first quarter of 2008. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales would have decreased 16.2%. This business segment primarily serves label applications for boxes; cans and bottles; fasteners replacing nails, screws, and bolts used in automotive housing and other industrial applications; and graphic applications for promotions and marketing, all of which have slowed considerably during the recent economic downturn. Looking at the specific pressure sensitive product line, and excluding the impact of currency, net sales of our label products declined about 10% compared to last year’s first quarter. Label product represents about 63% of sales in this segment. Our graphic product sales decreased by about 25% as markets for advertising and promotions have weakened substantially in Europe, where the majority of our graphic products are sold. Graphic products represent about 27% of our pressure sensitive materials sales. In technical products, which represent the remaining 10% of our total segment sales, net sales declined about 20% compared to the first quarter of last year, reflecting lower volumes. Unit volume in this particular product line continued to be negatively impacted by our customers’ exposures to the housing and automotive industries. Back to the first quarter income statement, gross margin as percent of net sales was 19.4% for the first quarter of 2009, a sizeable increase from 17.2% for the first quarter of 2008. Gross margins benefited from raw materials cost declines ahead of contractual selling price adjustments, and continued broad-based improvement in production efficiencies. We purchased a variety of raw materials, not all of which have experienced the same cost decreases in recent months. Our business model is designed to alleviate the impact of fluctuations in raw material cost over a period of time by adjusting selling prices up and down to reflect these changes in cost. In light of these factors, and assuming raw materials costs stabilize, we expect the gross margin benefit from raw material cost decreases to gradually be eliminated over the next few months. During the quarter, we were aggressive at managing production staff levels and manufacturing costs. We produced – we reduced production staff where anticipated volumes warranted reductions. We incurred severance charges totaling $3.7 million for those staff reductions. Nearly half of our improvement in gross margin was related to improved production plants, management in plants that experienced increased volumes, reduced staffing cost in plants that experienced decreased volumes, and improvements in waste reduction and runtime efficiency. Those profitability improvements are expected to continue into the future. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the first quarter totaled $88.8 million, which is about equal to the SG&A expense for the first quarter of 2008. As percent of net sales, SG&A was 10.5% of 2009, compared to 9.4% in the first quarter of 2008. This percentage decrease is a reflection of lower sales levels in 2009. Other cost in income included $4.7 million of financial income for the quarter, about 20% of which represents the interest income from cash balances held at non-US subsidiaries. Interest income decreased by $3 million from last year’s fourth quarter due to cash balances at US subsidiaries as a result of repatriation of cash in the last year’s fourth quarter. The remaining 80% of the financial income reflects fiscal incentives in international locations. While it is classified as other income, the fiscal incentives relate to specific flexible packaging operations and are included in our calculation of segment-operating profit. Offsetting financial is income due to charges associated with the implementation of FAS 141R, totaling $9.1 million. These efforts are continuing and therefore, we expect additional FAS 141 charges to be incurred in the second quarter. No estimate of these charges is available, and no further detail of activity can be shared at this time. Interest expense decreased by $3 million compared to the first quarter of 2008. This decrease is a reflection of lower debt levels and lower average interest rates. During the first quarter of 2009, the bulk of our debt was made up of $300 million of public bonds with a coupon of 4.875%, and less than $300 million of commercial paper, on which they’d be paid an average rate of about 1%. Our income tax rate has changed only to the extent that the repositioning of non-controlling interests from pre-tax to after-tax presentation impacts the tax calculation. Excluding the change in presentation required by FAS 160, our tax rate would have been as predicted at the beginning of the year, or about 36%. Going forward, in light of the new income statement presentation, we expect the tax rate calculated as percent of income before taxes and non-controlling interest to be approximately 36.3%. Now, I’d like to provide more color on the segment-operating profit. In our flexible packaging segment, we recorded $91.4 million of operating profit for the first quarter of 2009. This represents 12.8% of net sales. Included in this quarter result is a $1.1 million charge for severance costs in connection with our efforts to match costs with market volume levels. As shown on the Reg G schedule included in our press release, excluding the impact of severance costs, operating profit as a percent of net sales would have been 12.9%. This compares to the first quarter of 2008 when reported $78.6 million of operating profit or 10.1% of net sales. Currently translation and transaction impacts reduced operating profit in the first quarter of 2009 by about $7.1 million. We’ve recorded an operating loss in our pressure sensitive material segment of $1.5 million compared with operating profit of $11.9 million or 7.2% of net sales for the first quarter of last year. Currency impacts were insignificant in 2009, with translation and transaction cost reducing operating profit for the first quarter of 2009 by about $400,000. During the first quarter, we adjusted workforce levels to better match production manning with current market volume levels. Related severance charges $2.6 million reduced the operating profit. Excluding these charges, operating profit for the first quarter would have been $700,000, or 0.5% of net sales. With regards to cash flow and liquidity, we reduced debt a little more than $69 million this quarter. Total debts of total of capitalization calculated as total debt plus deferred taxes and equity as of March 31st decreased to 29.1%. This compares to 31.5% at December 31st, 2008 when we calculated based upon the total stockholders equity balance, which has been adjusted for FAS-160. At the end of March, we got $272 million of commercial paper outstanding with maturity spread throughout the first 60 days of the second quarter of 2009. As of march 31, 2009, our commercial paper program was supported by $625 million of backed up credit facilities. $200 million of these facilities matured today on April 28, 2009. Considering our current operating cash forecast for the rest of the year, we have determined that these amounts are in excess of our expected commercial paper needs for 2009. And we do not plan to renew this one year credit facilities as of this time. This will leaves us with a $425 million dollar multi-year credit facility due 2013, which we expect to be sufficient to support our current commercial paper backup needs. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter of 2009 was $148.3 million. Our very strong quarterly cash flow level on almost three times the cash flow from operations of last year’s first quarter. Working capital levels had risen significantly during 2008. Our business units have been working diligently to reduce our working capital and their efforts have provided us an additional $53 million of operating cash flow this quarter. We maintain the fine benefit pension plans in North America and Europe. In line of a reduction in funded status as of December 31, 2008, we plan to contribute $30 million per us pension plans during the second quarter of 2009. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $22.2 million, a bit lower than the $28.4 million spending levels of the prior year. For the total year of 2009, we continue to expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $100 million to $ 110 million dollars. Our range of earnings per share guidance for the remainder of 2009 reflects the unpredictable man levels in our market. Even in markets for which demand is historically more resilient at times like this, our customers are reluctant to build inventory levels in anticipation of future sales. In the first quarter, we experienced more volatile or choppy order in shipment patterns. We anticipate that experience will continue for at least the next quarter. With this anticipated pattern and continued economic uncertainty, we continue to be cautious as we look into the future. Looking towards the second quarter, we expect earning per share to be in range of $0.35 to $0.43. For the total year 2009, we continue to anticipate earnings per share to be in the range of $1.50 to $1.70 per share. This guidance excludes any charges incurred, or yet to be incurred related to FAS-141R for business combinations and any charges related to severance. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Henry for his comments.
Henry Theisen: Thank you, Gene, and good morning to everyone. It is certainly not the norm for Bemis to spend so much time explaining details that are not comparable year-over-year because of the work force related charges and numerous new accounting rules that we have to implement this quarter. Cutting through all of those issues, you will note that over all we had excellent quarter in spite of a challenging economic environment. Our flexible packaging business achieved outstanding performance results driven by a number of factors that I am eager to talk to you about. But first, I’d like to address the issues we are dealing with in our more challenging pressure sensitive material business. Back in the fourth quarter, we’ve talk about the weakness we were seeing in our pressure sensitive materials business. We were unfortunately right about this an operating profit is down substantially this year. The customers for our pressure sensitive materials businesses are producing labels for consumer products markets, which significantly weakened during the second half of last year. We have reacted aggressively with adjustment to workforce levels and cost management initiatives in order to reduce cost in response to this slow down. But clearly this is going to be a challenging year for this business segment. Within our pressure sensitive material segment, it is our graphics and technical product lines related to advertising, promotion, construction, and automotive markets that have declined the most. These product lines are each over 20% below the volume levels of one year ago. The decline of profit margins is primarily result of the lack of critical volume during this recession. In Europe, volumes and margins were also impacted by currency fluctuations. We will continue to focus on cost control. And we are ready to recover quickly once the global economy begins to strengthen. While we were prepared for a similar issue, with non-food flexible packaging business after a poor fourth quarter, we are encouraged by signs of improvement in this markets. During the first quarter, our protective display films performed better than expected as experienced the benefit of lower raw material cost over coming volumes concerns. Now, I’d like to expand upon the strength we are seeing in our flexible packaging business. I am happy to report that our food market or our flexible packaging business delivered results above our expectations. Our teams successfully managed inventory levels and pricing in order to benefit from the temporary raw material environment we’ve experienced during the first quarter, In addition, I am pleased to recognize our employees around the world for their successful efforts with the implementation of the world class manufacturing programs, which continue to expand most of our manufacturing plants. Our plans for clients are achieving low waste levels in the challenging production environment and streamlining processes to be able to do more with less and in less time. Our European operations continue to improve and are expected to deliver operating margins in the high single-digits for 2009. We are optimistic that double-digit margins from this region may be as close as 2010. Performance in this region is benefiting from efforts associated with world class manufacturing and our focus on niche products and proprietary film structures. Our European customers have used our films to solve packaging needs, lower overall packaging costs, and improved their product appeal. Our Latin American operations in both Brazil and Mexico are performing well. Offsetting some of the negative currency translation impact, these operations achieved year-over-year sales and profit growth in local currency. In the United States, we are noticing healthy growth in certain areas of the market, which seems to be benefiting in this economy. Specifically, packaging for pizza, lunch meat, and meal chips have been growing nicely coffee and liquids continued to be great markets for us as consumers appear to be trading up to single served coffee made at home and fast food restaurants deals. Sales to private labeled customers have increased, especially in packaging for market such as health and hygiene, meat and cheese, and multi-pack overwrap for beverages. Based upon our sales and order trends, it seems that consumers are trimming budgets by eating dinner at home, bringing their lunch to work, and buying private label brands. Although we supply both the institutional and retail markets, we have higher profit margins and larger volumes with retail markets. We are neutral to private label packaging as we supply packaging to both branded and private label customers. As we have said before, our products are at every aisle of the grocery store and we serve large multinational food and consumer products to customers as well as regional and local customers. So transitory to grocery store, no matter what the brand or product is good for our business. It is important to recognize the difference between Bemis and our competitors in this regard. Our competitors often specialize in one particular market per packaging like confectionary, meat, bakery, or dry goods. Bemis, on the other hand, offers flexible packaging for products in all grocery markets and a diversified customer list. As Gene mentioned, our sales of multi-pack packaging for beverages like bottled water continued to be lower than they were a year ago. We are noticing a restacking going on now that inventories are low and the summer season is approaching. We continue to prioritize new products and innovations through out the business, from the concrete floor and wall graphic products introduced recently by our pressure sensitive materials business, to our new flexible packaging introductions of eco-type and form-type products for meat and cheese markets. We anticipate formal FDA and USD approval of our fresh case ready meat package film in the near future. In addition to the trials we have performed for our US customers, we have also produced fresh case films outside of the US and trial these films in our customer facilities. Once we receive formal approval, we will begin to market it to our global customers and anticipate measurable commercial sales to begin in 2010. This quarter, we achieved record quarterly cash flow from operations. Since year end, we have increased our dividend for the 26th consecutive year, funded capital expenditures, and reduced our outstanding debt. Our strategy of focusing on material science, manufacturing excellence, and customer intimacy continues to deliver benefits in this difficult economic environment and prepares us well to benefit once the economy begins to improve. 2009 will be a difficult year for most companies. Our most optimistic outlook for 2009 is still only slightly ahead of 2008. But we expect it to be a growth year for our flexible packaging business, which will help us off set a tough year for pressure sensitive material markets. I am pleased with the efforts of our business teams to deliver value in every aspect of our business. We are improving our cost structure, developing new products, and prudently managing working capital. Each of these efforts helps us strengthen our balance sheet and drive earnings. Now I’ll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Today’s question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator instructions) And we’ll take our first question today from George Staphos with Banc of America.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, George.
George Staphos – Banc of America: I realize you said you didn’t want to say much, but it remains the gorilla in the room. So I just want to take one quick shot at it. If we look at your comments regarding the acquisition approach that you might be taking, you mentioned that you’re focusing on core competencies while retaining investment grade profile. Are we to take from that – that you’d only focus on perhaps, acquiring a portion of the business, which hopefully would help you return on capital, and that leverage would be a key consideration here related to your investment grade profile?
Gene Wulf: George, because of the confidentiality agreements we have, today we’ve elected not too make any additional comments other than to explain where that $9.1 million charge was.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Okay, Gene. That was worth a shot. The second question then would be, just given your range of guidance, and given the performance that you had in the first quarter on operating basis, can you help us understand what your agri [ph] trends were coming out of the first quarter into the second quarter, and what the key drivers are of the low end and the high end of the range? Thank you.
Henry Theisen: And, George, as the first quarter went through, our business in the food packaging area and our flexible packing increased, and we had an excellent March. We continue to see those trends going on into the – into the second quarter and that really drives the high end of what we see. And on driving us down on the lower end is just uncertainly over what the volumes will be. We get as I – as Gene described as the choppy orders or sometimes we get days that we get excellent orders, sometimes they slow down. Everything you read about our customers in the marketplace all seem to indicate 2%, 3%, 4% reduced volume. So the real question in our guidance for the second quarter is what will be the volumes?
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our next question from Chris Manuel of KeyBanc Capital Markets
Jason Brown – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, this is Jason Brown for Chris Manuel.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Brown – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Couple of quick questions on resin for you. I think you quantify that on the gross margin line saying about half of the benefit was resin half was other factors in there. Just looking at the flexible packaging segment, you had 280 basis points of margin in expansion. Would that be a fair way to characterize that as well, half of that due to resin, half due to other initiatives?
Gene Wulf: I think that’s just roughly a good comparison. It varies. We have so many different markets that are going to be more in some areas, less in some areas, but if you want to make a rough approximation that would be fine.
Jason Brown – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then going into this the second quarter, I think some of the commodity resins have picked up a bit, some of the specialty resins have started to decline, albeit, not to the extent commodity resins. Just wondering what you’re including in the second quarter for resin kind of how you’re thinking about how that one impacted you in the second quarter?
Gene Wulf: As you mentioned, you know we had a slight increase in the some of the commodity resins to start the year out and with the number of announcements after that that have been pushed back into May and June, and we didn’t see some slight decreases in some of the specialty resins, but nowhere like the commodity resins. And as we look forward to the second quarter we just think that it will be stable through the second quarter and probably through the third quarter and waiting for some kind of a little bit of up-tech, which will hopefully happen at the end of the year.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Claudia Hueston of J.P. Morgan
Claudia Hueston – J.P. Morgan: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Claudia.
Claudia Hueston – J.P. Morgan: Hi. About the really good cash flow quarter for you, and I was hoping you could comment on just what drove the working capital improvement, and how you see that going forward? I was just wondering –obviously the resin upon probably helped, but are your internal programs really driving some of the improvement there, and where can you go from here?
Gene Wulf: Claudia, this is Gene. Definitely, programs we put in place with our business units to better manage the working capital have really paid dividends for us. We’ve had a big effort in these business units to improve that working capital. And we saw the benefit of a reduction of $53 million of working capital for the quarter. Now, I’m not sure we’re going to get $53 million every quarter for the year, but it’s a major stimulus for each one of our groups in the deal.
Claudia Hueston – J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then I think – you’ve mentioned sort of a pick-up in flexible volumes as you came into April. Is there any change at all in pressure sensitive volumes? Just the trends you’re seeing there?
Gene Wulf: I don’t really see a change in that, we kind of look at the second quarter having both the same volumes on the first quarter of pressure sensitive.
Henry Theisen: It really needs an up-tick in the economy and we’re waiting for it. We oppose for it and we’re ready to go, but we really need an up-tech in the economy.
Gene Wulf: And in Europe where we’re very strong in the graphic markets, they’re economy seems to be slower to rebound than the US economy, so it will be a little while I think for pressure sensitive to see a rebound.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Hi, good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Henry, your reference to private label I guess, being roughly a split from a volume standpoint on flexible packaging, if in fact that is what you said. But what’s the – what standing margin differential is there for you from a – just looking at – from a mix standpoint?
Henry Theisen: The first part. I don’t think our private label and our brands are 50-50 split – I don’t think our private label is equal to our brand volumes. But as far whether a customer of ours would buy for private label or whether they would buy for brand, it’s the same product, it contains the same margins. Really, the value at – people want the same convenience features, the same barriers, the same shelf life that the branded product would have. So for us, it makes no difference if it’s a branded product or a generic product.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Okay. And Gene, on your operating cash flow forecast that you’d made a quick elution to Is that – can you share if that’s up versus 2008 based on what you can see today?
Gene Wulf: You mean for the total year or for the quarter?
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Yes, for the total year.
Gene Wulf: I don’t think we’ve made any kind of forecast for the total year yet, Tim.
Tim Thein – Citigroup: Okay. Well, and on that – would you expect based on – and what you saw in the first quarter, and I realized there’s a lot of moving parts here, but would you expect working capital for 2009 to be a source or use of cash?
Gene Wulf: I would expect it to be a source for the total year of 2009.
Melanie Miller: And then in 2008, it was a use of $73 million. So that would be a nice boost.
Gene Wulf: So we should have a big swing.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: I wondered if you can talk a little bit about what all these people around us – swine flu and particularly down in Mexico might have on your business and whether any of this is imbedded in that guidance you gave us for the second quarter of the full year?
Gene Wulf: Well, I don’t know if I’m really qualified to speak about swine flu, but I don’t think that’s going to affect our business going forward. I think if it does, it’s very, very small.
Henry Theisen: Mark in Mexico, we still have a very small volume in Mexico that would be hard to make a major impact on us right now
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then if I can just follow up. Can you talk about some of the economic weakness of receding pressure sensitive? Is there also a kind of a competitive element in that – in that we’ve had at least one of the player that’s put a lot of new capacity into the market over the last couple of years?
Henry Theisen: The pressure sensitive business, especially in our role label, is very competitive business. You have the two major players being Avery Dennison and Wrap Protech [ph] 35:22. With Wrap Protect [ph], putting in additional plans. It is very competitive, we know our strategy is not really to grow that re-label business, but to maintain our share and a number of years ago we restructured that company to consolidate the capacity and we maintained our market share through the first quarter.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Alton Stump with Longbow Research.
Alton Stump – Longbow Research: Thank you, and good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, Alton.
Alton Stump – Longbow Research: If you could just touch on more in terms on of the competitive environment between flexible packaging business, it looks like volumes did well in a few – a few key areas. I just want to get an idea, if you think that appears to be a free rational competitive environment will continue in areas that such as meat and cheeses or if there’s any potential for pressure over the next six or twelve months?
Henry Theisen: I think you’re talking about our meat and cheese – I’m just going to expand that to include all of our really high barrier packaging where shelf life, where food protection and food safety are important. The barriers you have, the seal-abilities that you have are all very important. And I think that is driven more by the food products, the technology, the material science that’s involve in all those films rather than just competitive natures. It’s very difficult to switch those kinds of products to different suppliers and take the risks that would be associated with it. So I believe – when you talk about those kind of competitor pressures, you’re more on the candy and confectionary areas.
Alton Stump – Longbow Research: Great. I just have a quick follow up to that. About – there’s been a lot of talk about consumers trading down to either cheaper meal items or to private label. Are you seeing pressure on some of your – the more value high barrier product lines because of that trade down?
Henry Theisen: No, not at all. We see some more sales going into the generic side rather than the branded side, but we don’t – like I’ve said, these are the same films with the same margins, the same applications.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Al Keabily [ph] of Macquarie Research.
Al Keabily – Macquarie Research: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, Al.
Al Keabily – Macquarie Research: Just a quick question on the pressure sensitive materials business and some of the restructuring items that you did during the quarter. You’re – going forward, can you talk to us about how much savings you expect to get this year on those restructuring items? Could we feel lifting and profitability just on the cost sales understanding that volume outlooks still looks tough at least near term?
Gene Wulf: I don’t think we really did a lot of restructuring. We didn’t really close any facilities or move any assets. We really just matched up our variable costs with the – the production needs that we have and the order volumes on intakes that we’re having. Those things are really just containing the costs and putting in that line with our volumes and I don’t think you’re going to see a great big object in the kind of those things. They were not really restructurings. They’re just an alignment on our variable costs.
Henry Theisen: And then on the benefit side, a big chunk of the pressure sensitive severance was in Europe where because of their laws, they’re very substantial cost related to severing people. And it will take at least a year to get that recovered.
Al Keabily – Macquarie Research: Okay. Got it. And then switching back to the earlier question on resin, it sounds like you still think that you’ll get a positive resin benefit in the second quarter, albeit at a more moderate level, is that fair to say? And then – second half, I know it’s kind of looking at your crystal ball – hard to tell, but you think you could still see a little bit of a resin benefit in the second half of the year based on what you are seeing on pricing, thus far?
Henry Theisen: I agree with your first statement. It’s through the second quarter. We will see that benefit disappearing as our escalated, de-escalated contracts and pricing in the marketplace come in line. And basically, they're in line right now. You'll just see some inventory drift you and give us a benefit. Going out in the second half of the year, I don't think we'll have a benefit. Our pricing – our models will be in line with our cost structures and hopefully we'll have a little bit of stability.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Mike Hamilton – RBC: Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Hamilton – RBC: Wondering if you could comment a little bit in major areas where you think you're taking market share given that – prior to the economy on hinging that have been a fairly major element of focus that has kind of disappeared in importance of issues here.
Henry Theisen: Yes, I think one of the first things I want to comment as far as gaining market shares is really our customers have looked at ways that they can grow their markets. You see, our whole PET platform, like in the rigid bacon, the rigid slice luncheon meats really attacking the deli. So they're growing their base of operations, not just taking from themselves. So they're taking volume from the delis and our technology is for easy-open, anti-fog rigid containers, snap-on packaging convenience helps us to gain that market share. Another example of that we pointed out was the coffee area with the single-serve coffees. People are moving from buying from a Starbucks to getting a single-serve where they can have a premium coffee at home. And that is adding in our barriers, in our thermo-forming, in our PET and our technologies around nylon, polyester, and barrier – give us an advantage there and we grow our markets with our customers who take from people like Starbucks or from the delis. So that's where we really seen our good growth.
Mike Hamilton – RBC: Thanks.
Henry Theisen: One other comment I'd like to make along those lines, our PET technology also is allowing us to grow our proprietary film business in Europe. And you're starting to see some of those results in our live-stocks and our extended shelf life in that area also.
Operator: Mr. Hamilton, was there anything further, sir?
Mike Hamilton – RBC: No follow-up. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Timothy Burns of Cranial Capital.
Timothy Burns – Cranial Capital: Good morning, Gene, Henry, Melanie.
Henry Theisen: Hi, Tim.
Timothy Burns – Cranial Capital: Hey, just a quick question for you. I've been hearing in the marketplace that there's been a significant increase in those dastardly e-bids and auctions online. Is that true? And then I guess, what I would ask is because of your strong technology, aren't we dealing with apples and oranges?
Henry Theisen: Well, I think we are dealing with apples and oranges. I think our material science business really separates us from a lot of those things. You know, as far as these reverse auctions and e-bids, I don't see that any different than it was two or three years ago.
Timothy Burns – Cranial Capital: Okay. Okay. And the other thing, I don't know what these products are that you mentioned, Henry but the eco-type and form-type, what markets are they aimed at?
Henry Theisen: They really aimed at the fresh meat market. The eco-typed is really the replacement of PVDC and the use of less material. So it's more of a fix more of the sustainability drive to use less raw materials to provide – to get rid of PVDC and provide better barrier. The form-type is the new packaging concept to compete with shrimp [ph] bags rather than have me – buying a bag, you would actually buy a thermo-forming machine and use much similar films to a bag only you don't have to make a bag. The thermo-form deprived it and seals the lid. It's a very cost-effective program versus buying a pre-made bag.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We'll go next to George Staphos with Banc of America.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Hi, guys.
Gene Wulf: Hello.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Couple of quick questions related in – if we look at the pressure sensitive material business, Henry, realizing that you're looking for and hoping for an economic recovery at some point. When we look at the longer term trends of the businesses, it's obviously in a trend of declining peaks because of the increased competition, increased capacity, and the maturation in the business over the last five or ten years as an industry. What else can you do to improve the performance in PSM such that the next recovery we get, we don’t get to a 5% or 6% or 7% operating margin, but perhaps even better than that and then have a more follow-on.
Henry Theisen: You know I think we continue the strategy we've had since the failed attempt to sell our precious sensitive business to UPM a number of years ago. And that was to consolidate our label business and continue to just try to maintain our market share. We went forward and invest it in the business to try and expand our graphics program. As you know our graphics program is a very good program for us in Europe. We want to expand in North America. We want to get in a more technical applications and technical coatings and take advantage of the expertise we have in the materials again, the adhesive materials and move out of those more competitive areas in to more technical products. And that's what we're going to continue to do with the business.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Gene, actually, Henry, would it lead to higher margin what you already saw in the last upturn now? Do you think–?
Henry Theisen: Well, I think both the graphics and the technical are higher margin business than real label.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Okay. The other question I have in flexible packaging, the balance you made great strides and continue to get back on Tim’s earlier question within processed meats and cheeses and fresh meats and cheeses. In the markets where there’s been perhaps a share loss in leakage and profitability because of competition, how are you addressing those markets? What's your strategy there to make sense that you can talk about that on this kind of form?
Henry Theisen: Well, I don't see those really applying to the processed meat and cheese or our medical type business. Those are more in the candy confection type areas and we're really addressing that to our world class manufacturing operations. And I think you'll really see the benefits as the volume comes back in some of those areas.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We will go to Timothy Burns with Cranial Capital.
Timothy Burns – Cranial Capital: There are some folks – who knows, but the opponents who say we could bounce back in the second half and there's those that believe this is a longer term, painful recession. And you talked to some CEOs and they basically say it's difficult to know what to do over the next couple three years if the customers aren't going to – I guess the customers and consumers are not going to increase their spending, but – the real question is how do you gain share in profits in a down market? I guess what I was wondering, with your technology machine, can you at towards cost reduction and re-designing packs that don't look crappy, if you will, and gain share that way?
Henry Theisen: You know, our customers really recognized that, a differentiator on the shelf is the packaging and we do two things. One is try to deliver new packages, new innovations, new ways to approach the market. We tried to do it by extending shelf life and providing product protection, food safety, which is in very important issue. And as far as using technology to try to take cost out and be the low cost producer, we do that day in and day out in all of our businesses.
Timothy Burns – Cranial Capital: Got you. Thanks, Henry.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from George Staphos of Banc of America.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Thanks. Last one here, guys. You might have comment on it earlier, but I've missed it. To the degree that your customers – it would appear in flexible packaging has seen some pick-up in the second quarter early on. What are they attributing, their pick-up and demand? Is the consumer just restocking their pantry or their refrigerator in the garage or we're seeing a real pick-up again in consumer spending and appreciation for those products which have your demand? Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Gene Wulf: George, let me take that one. I think in the markets, we talked about where we see an uptake or a rebound, it's really the manufacturer is starting to restock that distribution chain. They've been kind of nervous as to what products are going to sell and now that they're starting to get a handle on it, they're starting to restock their distribution.
George Staphos – Banc of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we have no further questions. At this time, Miss Melanie, I will turn the call back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you again in the future.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - VP and Treasurer Henry Theisen - President and CEO Gene Wulf - SVP and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Securities Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets Tim Thein - Citigroup Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Joseph Naya - UBS Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the Bemis fourth quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now turn the call over to Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator. Today is January 27, 2009. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen, and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Gene will begin with comments on financial details followed by Henry who will provide additional details on operations and the market. After our comments, we'll answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends and customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, interest rate fluctuations, the availability and cost of bank financing and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gene Wulf.
Gene Wulf:  Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us this morning. This morning Bemis reported fourth quarter 2008 earnings per share of $0.33. This includes an impact from currency transaction and translation losses of approximately $0.07. This is a substantial impact from currency, and I want to explain to you what this includes. Normally we'll highlight for you the impact of currency translation on our sales and operating profit numbers. Currency translation gains and losses occur where we maintain operations in international locations to keep their books and records in a functional currency other than US dollars. When we consolidate the results of our domestic and international operations, we do so at the average exchange rate for the period for each functional currency. To determine the currency impact on our operating results, we determine the difference between the average exchange rates for the current period and the same period in the prior year and apply that difference to the current period results in international currency, functional currency. This amount is highlighted as a currency translational impact.  In addition, we incur currency transaction gains or losses, when our operations record receivables or liabilities in currencies other then their own functional currency. Therefore, when one of our businesses transacts business in a currency other than their functional currency, they risk gains or losses due to changes in the respective exchange rates. Historically, transaction gains and losses have been small. We have exposures to a variety of global currencies. As you know, currency exchange rates move up and down for a wide variety of fiscal and political reasons. Unfortunately in the fourth quarter, we experienced serious changes in major international currencies that had an unfavorable impact. Drops in the EU's euro, United Kingdom's pound sterling, Brazil's real, Canada's dollar and Mexico's peso unfavorably impacted Bemis this quarter.  During the fourth quarter, significant changes in currency exchange rates in a short-period of time created about $6.1 million of transaction action losses. Prior to this, cumulative transaction losses for the first nine months of 2008 totaled only $625,000. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we recorded a foreign exchange gain of $700,000.  With respect to diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter, results of $0.33 were $0.07 below the low end of our original quarterly guidance and at the upper end of our revised guidance.  If you exclude the $0.07 related to the combination of currency translation and currency transaction losses, it gets us back to the low end of our original guidance. Fourth quarter net sales were 4.9% below fourth quarter 2007. Excluding the negative impact of currency, net sales would have increased by 1.8%. Flexible Packaging net sales decreased by 3.1%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Currency effect reduced net sales by 6.9%. Volume was down in this segment by high single digits, while price mix was up low double digits. While net price mix increased in nearly every market category, we experienced lower sales volume in about 44% of our markets. Specifically and excluding the impact of currency, we enjoyed net sales growth in markets for packaging of meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, dry foods, bakery products, health and hygiene, medical devices and industrial products. In the meat and cheese market, representing almost 30% of flexible packaging sales, unit volume growth in North American process meat and cheese packaging was boosted by further increases in price and mix. However globally, unit volume was flat with mid single-digit price mix increases. In dairy and liquid markets, which represent about 8% of flexible packaging net sales, increased sales contributed to higher unit volumes in this market compared to last year. Globally a double-digit price mix increase was supplemented by mid single-digit unit volume growth. Net sales of packaging products for dry foods and bakery markets also increased compared to last year's fourth quarter, as a result of increased sales volume and strong double-digit price mix increase. Dry food and bakery markets make up about 6% and 5% of flexible packaging net sales respectively. Sales to medical device markets increased this quarter, driven by improved price mix in low double-digits. This market represents about 7% of flexible packaging sales in 2008.  In health and hygiene packaging, which represents about 11% of flexible packaging net sales; a net price mix double-digit increase more than offset low double-digit unit volume decreases. In the industrial products market, which represents about 5% of flexible packaging net sales; a nominal sales growth reflected a double-digit pass through of raw material cost increases, partially offset by low double-digit unit volume decrease. Demand in this market has slowed in light of our exposure to the housing industry. Compared to net sales levels for the fourth quarter of 2007; we experienced decreased net sales in markets for confectionary and snack products, pet foods and overwrap for multipacks like bottle water.  Confectionary and snack market sales, which totaled about 8% of flexible packaging sales, have been under pressure for several years, due to competitive pressures and consumer trends. This quarter unit volume was down in the upper single-digits.  Sales of multi-packaging used to overwrap products like bottled and canned goods, slowed markedly in 2008, after years of strong double-digit growth.  While the packaging itself continues to expand into new applications, the growth of the market for this application has slowed considerably this year in consumption with related consumer buying trends in products like bottled water.  Quarter-over-quarter, unit volume declines were in the 25% range. This market represents about 3% of our flexible packaging sales.  In our Pressure Sensitive Material business segment, net sales for the fourth quarter 2008 decreased 13.5%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales would have decreased 7.8%.  This business segment is considerably more sensitive to the economy, than our food focused flexible packaging segment.  Looking at the specific pressure sensitive product lines and excluding the impact of currency; net sales of our labeled products declined about 7% compared to last year's fourth quarter.  Volume globally was down low double-digits, while price mix partially offset the volume decline. Labeled products represent about 57% of our sales in this segment. Our graphic product sales decreased by about 12% as double-digit volume declined, with higher input cost being passed through increased selling prices. These products were sold into advertising and promotional markets.  As this market feels the impact of weaker economies, we have seen the investment in this type of promotion decline. Graphic products represent about 30% of our pressure sensitive material sales. In technical products which represent the remaining 13% of our total segment sales, total net sales improved by about 30% compared to fourth quarter of last year reflecting an improvement in price sales mix.  Unit volumes in this particular product line continue to be negatively impacted by our exposure to the housing and the automotive industry.  Moving on through the fourth quarter income statement, gross margin as a percent of net sales was 16.9% for the fourth quarter of 2008, a decrease from 17.6% in the fourth quarter of 2007, but in line with the 16.9% in the third quarter of 2008.  Gross margin has been under pressure this year with a substantial increase in input cost that we experienced at the end of the second quarter.  While we have increased our selling prices in response to these higher costs, there is a time lag built into our business model that negatively affects our margins during periods of increasing raw material costs. At the beginning of the quarter, we experienced rapid decreases in raw material costs. As we have explained in the past, while decreasing raw material costs are generally good for our business and our customers, when cost changes occur too rapidly, it is more difficult to fully recover the impact before margins come under pressure again. We are pleased that in this volatile cost environment, we have stabilized our gross margin. Spending for SG&A expenses during the fourth quarter was slightly below last year's level, as you know there has been significant emphasis on managing this cost. However, some of this year-over-year decrease is result of lower incentive and profit sharing obligations. Other cost in income included $7.9 million of fiscal income, about 40% of which represents interest income from cash balances held in international subsidiaries. In order to reduce the cash balances on our balance sheet and make this cash available for debt reduction in the United States, we paid dividends from several of those international subsidiaries during the fourth quarter of 2008. This will reduce interest income going forward until cash builds up again in those subsidiaries. The remaining 60% of the financial income reflects fiscal incentives at international locations. As we have explained in the past, while it is classified as other income, the fiscal incentives relate to specific flexible packaging operations, and are included in our calculation of segment operating profit. Also recorded in other income and costs is the foreign exchange transaction loss of $6.1 million that I discussed earlier. The comparable amount for the fourth quarter of 2007 included in other costs and income was a $700,000 gain. Although included in other cost and income, it is allocated to the business segment for segment reporting. In the fourth quarter, year-over-year interest expense was down $3 million. This decrease is the reflection of both lower debt levels, and lower average interest rates. With regard to segment performance, operating profit as a percent of sales was lower than the last year's fourth quarter level due primarily to the impact of weaker sales volume, final flow through of higher raw material input costs from earlier this year, and currency losses.  In our Flexible Packaging segment, we reported $66.2 million of operating profit for the fourth quarter of 2008. This represents 9.1% of net sales. Currency translation and transaction impacts reduced operating profit by about $8.7 million. Without the adverse impact of currency, this quarter's operating profit would have been 10.2% of net sales. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we recorded $83.3 million of operating profit or 11% of net sales. Operating profit for the fourth quarter of 2007 also included a restructuring gain of $1.2 million. Operating profit in our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment was $4.4 million or 3.2% of net sales compared to $6.7 million or 4.3% of net sales for the fourth quarter of 2007.  Currency translation and transaction impacts reduced operating profit for the fourth quarter of 2008 by $1.2 million. Without the adverse impact of currency, this quarter's operating profit would have been 4.1% of net sales. As I mentioned previously, lower sales volume in this segment have pressured operating profit levels. With regard to cash flow and liquidity, we reduced debt by $140 million this quarter. Debt to total capitalization calculated as total debt plus deferred taxes and equity, as of December 31st, was 32.1%. This compares to 32.9% at December 31st, 2007.  At the end of December, we had $331 million of commercial paper outstanding with maturity spread throughout the first quarter of 2009. We plan to continue to participate in the commercial paper market since it presents good liquidity and the lowest cost of borrowing. Our commercial paper program is supported by $625 million in backup credit facilities. If the commercial paper market were no longer available to Bemis, we would draw upon them as our source of liquidity.  Of these backup credit facilities, $200 million matures on April 29th, 2009. While these amounts are in excess of our expected commercial paper needs for 2009, we would prefer to maintain a comfortable cushion of backup liquidity. As such, we are studying our future financing needs, and will make this determination closer to the maturity date.  Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter of 2008 was $92 million. The highest quarterly cash flow level of 2008, but less than the strong cash flow level of $107 million achieved during the fourth quarter of 2007. Our cash flow from operations for the total year of 2008 was $298 million, $108 million below the record levels of 2007. Lower cash flow in 2008 primarily reflects lower net income, increased levels of working capital this year, as both higher input costs and selling prices caused higher levels of accounts receivable in inventory.  We maintain defined benefit pension plans in North America and Europe, for which we recorded $10.5 million of pension expense during 2008. In light of a reduction in funded status as of December 31, 2008 that reflects the impact of lower asset balances and increased liabilities at year-end; we plan to contribute $30 million to our US pension plans during 2009. Pension expense in 2009 is also expected to increase by $9 million. Capital expenditures for 2008 were $120.5 million, substantially below the $179 million spending level of 2007. This reduction from 2007 reflects the completion of several large capital projects, directed at building technology capabilities for certain key markets.  We have also invested substantial time and effort in improving the productivity and efficiency of our existing equipment, which improves capacity and delays the need for new equipment. In 2009, we are benefitting from those efforts and further reducing our capital spending plan to a range of $100 million to $110 million.  Market conditions continue to be difficult to predict, given the current economic environment. Even in markets for which demand is more resilient in times like this, our customers are reluctant to build inventory levels in anticipation of future sales. Bemis remains focused on managing its cost structure, to match anticipated production volume levels and strengthening its competitive position.  Management believes diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2009 will be in the range of $0.30 to $0.38, reflecting a general slowdown in orders and continued weakness in product lines serving markets for discretionary products such as protective display films, industrial housing, and many consumer good applications, and promotional display products. For the full year 2009, management believes diluted earnings per share to be in the $1.50 to $1.70 range. These two ranges reflect the uncertainty associated with the general global economic environment.  We believe that the range will narrow during the year, as more clarity in to the global economic situation is more available. Our quarterly and annual guidance today and going forward, excludes the impact of any possible acquisition related costs associated with adoption of the new Business Combination Accounting Principle 141R.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Henry for his comments.
Henry Theisen: Thank you, Gene. As Gene mentioned, 2008 was a challenging environment in which to do business. During the first nine months of 2008, we faced substantial increases in almost all of our input cost including resins, films, chemicals, energy, and transportation.  In this environment, we have focused on cost control, accelerated cost take-outs and proactively managed our selling prices. We implemented contract-price escalator as permitted by contract, we aggressively implemented non-contract price increases multiple times during the year.  In the fourth quarter, we observed the inverse of the first three quarters. The global energy and commodity prices plummeted. Global demand for some of our products sensitive to industrial, housing, consumer goods, and advertising markets have dropped.  Food markets generally remain stable, but demand in certain markets such as multipacks for bottled water has been very soft. Although the financial results are disappointing, I am proud of how our teams around the world responded to last year's challenges. The fourth quarter was affected by two key items. First, the substantial changes we saw in the global currencies and secondly, reduced demand for our pressure sensitive products and our display shrink films. These products are sold into markets that have been some of the hardest hits in the current economic downturn.  Our pressure sensitive label products are used in a broad range of applications, from consumer staples like shampoo bottles and food jars to discretionary items like electronics and toys.  Our pressure sensitive graphic products are also sold to printers for advertising and promotional applications; another market where spending has declined in the face of a slowing global economy.  Our protective display films represent only about 3% of Bemis sales. But the slowdown in volume for that market was also more dramatic than we had expected in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we shut down our North American display film plant for two weeks to adjust inventory levels. Again, this is a reflection of a depressed consumer discretionary spending market.  The multipack product line used to overwrap bottles and cans have been growing at a double-digit pace for the past few years. In 2008, and particularly in the fourth quarter, we saw volumes drop substantially, reflecting a sharp decline in consumer demand for bottled water.  We believe this reflects a combination of change in consumer attitude, and economic pressure on the family food budget.  On the other hand, our meat and cheese packaging products did well. We have all read about the challenges being experienced by our fresh meat customers, with high raw material costs and inventory supply levels. Their challenges have impacted our fresh meat programs.  However, we continue to enjoy growth in processed meat packaging, which represents the majority of our meat packaging product market.  Our food customers are focusing their efforts on mid-priced take-home meals and meal kits. Frozen foods, pizza and bakery products have also been good markets for us in this environment.  In these challenging economic times, we believe that consumers will spend more of their family food budget on home meals and less on restaurant meals. We believe that this will be good for Bemis in 2009.  We are happy with the performance of our medical device packaging business. Over the past few years, we have invested in this business with new plants and equipment in North America, Europe, and China.  In 2009, the continuing efforts of our world class manufacturing initiatives and cost-management focus will be vital to our ability to react properly to changes in demand.  World class manufacturing is not a one-time exercise, nor a restructuring program. It is a plant-by-plant program in which all plant personnel are involved in improvement to the manufacturing process and the business.  In 2008 and 2009, the benefits of this world class manufacturing effort are most evident in our decreased need for capital expenditures.  Although we have no doubt heard that resin prices have dropped in the fourth quarter, the price decreases have been limited primarily to the commodity resins. The grades of polyester, nylon and EVA resins used by Bemis, do not see fourth quarter price reduction and prices remain high coming into the first quarter. Therefore, we are expecting resin to offer a small benefit in the first quarter, when volumes are at their lowest. As we look to 2009, we are pleased to be a leading supplier packaging for staple food products that have maintained solid demand levels in these times, where consumers are more focused by cooking at home. Many of our food customers are optimistic about their 2009 prospects which should also be good for Bemis. Now, we'll take your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically and we have several questions. Our first question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Hi, everyone. Good morning. I guess looking at 2009 we appreciate all of the details that you provided for the businesses. But, if we distill it down to, maybe two or three trends, with resin prices being down significantly and your selling prices in flexible packaging -- some of the details that Gene shared, being up fairly sharply into the fourth quarter of 2008, and therefore entering 2009. What are the primary reasons why you expect earnings are more likely to be down than up in your guidance range? Thanks, and I had a follow-on question.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, George.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Good morning.
Gene Wulf: As you look at our food business, it is doing very well. And as you say, we've been able to get our price increases through. The real areas that we are concerned about are the pressure sensitive business and our display films business, which we pointed out in our remarks before. Those are very sensitive to the economy, and even though they represent smaller portions of it, they probably will be a drag on our business in the first quarter.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay. I guess the other question I then had, Henry. I haven't had this one up in a few quarters, but I will bring it back again to me. The company has over the year spent a lot of money on developing new applications, and higher value-added films and structures, within food, packaging in particular, and while we can't always see with the granularity that we'd like the benefits of that in your P&L, it sounds like you are pleased with the margin improvement that you are getting out of those businesses, yet for various reasons, not necessarily the company's fault, some portion of business always seems to be dragging the good performance in food packaging down.  Is it a time to maybe take another look at the overall portfolio within Bemis and determine whether being in pressure sensitive materials or some of these more commodity overwrap businesses is in fact the right strategy, or maybe should be perhaps look to be disassociated with the company? Thanks.
Gene Wulf: George, every year as we go through our annual planning sessions, we do review that, and we do sit down with the management team and talk about how certain pieces of business fit into our company, whether we should look at changing those things, how much we should put in to the capital planning. We do all the things that you are talking about on a continuing basis.
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi from Wachovia.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hey guys, good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good Morning. Gene, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments or at least you implied that when resin prices dropped substantially, that you don't see the benefit, you don't get to keep the benefit for very long, but when resin prices increased substantially, you took a hit on your P&L from a margin perspective. And it just basically implies that you're not getting compensated for taking that risk on your P&L. So can you comment on why this is and how the business model maybe needs to change going forward?
Gene Wulf: Well, what's happening Ghansham is, when prices go up, there is a lag between the price time period of the increase in the raw material, and that point in time when we can pass that price increase onto our customers. When we have rational markets, where costs are going up at nominal amounts, or coming down at nominal amounts, our model works pretty well.  Where we end up having conflicts is when you get rapid increases, where you'll have a large increase, like we saw earlier this year, where we got a rapid increase early in the year, and we had to wait to about 90 days to be able to get our contracted customers prices changed, and now we'll see as prices decrease in the fourth quarter, they will trigger new opportunities on price decreases come January, and so when you have those rapid changes, we don't get that chance to really recover on the downside.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. So we should see some benefit in the first quarter, then, right?
Gene Wulf: We still have some benefit, but we lose it more rapidly than when you have a more rational change in the market place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein from Citi.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Question is on, if you can just make a comment, I don't know if you gave a description, or explanation for it. And if you did, I missed it. The health and hygiene you said was down double-digits in the fourth quarter. I thought, maybe I'm mistaken, but I thought you had put up some new capacity in Ireland and that would have helped that. And even if you didn't, I'm just surprised that it would be down to that magnitude.  And the second part of the question is the dividend. You obviously have a nice long record of raising that. But if you look here at the payout ratio, at least in the past you said, call it a 30% or 35% range is where you want to be in or north of 50. So just curious what you had to say on that. Thank you.
Henry Theisen: Well, let me take the first question and then I'll turn the second question over to Gene. We did put a substantial investment in to Ireland as you're recalling, and that is really for our medical device business.  The health and hygiene would be more in the area of personal care, tissue overwraps, wipes and those types of items. 
Melanie Miller: Diapers.
Henry Theisen: Diapers. So those investments we made were in the medical device packaging area, not in the health and hygiene.
Gene Wulf: As far as dividends, that's something that we review with our Board every year, and it will be on our agenda to review again later this week in our Board meeting.
Melanie Miller: The payout ratio that we have targeted in the past or the Board has targeted in the past has been 35% to 45%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Claudia Hueston with JPMorgan.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: Thanks, very much. Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Claudia.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: How are you? I was hoping you could just clarify one thing you said on the pension expense. You said, $10.5 million and I just wondered if that was a pretax or a post-tax number. And then also if you could just, maybe give some guidance on the tax rate for 2009?
Melanie Miller: The pension number, the $10.5 million for 2008 expense is pretax, not post tax. And Gene, do you have a good estimate for - the tax rate doesn't change substantially --
Gene Wulf: No, the tax rate won't be materially different than it was this year.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you. And then I just wondered if you could maybe talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of the M&A environment right now? Thanks.
Henry Theisen: Well, when we talk about M&A, unfortunately there is not a lot of M&A activity out there right now with what's going on in the banking industry. So we really haven't been seeing a great deal of new offerings coming across our desk lately. So, I think when the markets open up for credit, we'll see more opportunities for M&A.
Operator: Our next question comes from Reik Read from Robert W. Baird.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Hey, good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, Reik.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Could you guys just talk a little bit about the de-stocking? You talked about that for a couple of periods. Where you are seeing that, what you think the levels of inventory are, and maybe if you could give a comment on it by region as well?
Henry Theisen: Firstly on our core food business: I don't know if we really get a good glimpse into what the inventory levels are through the whole system. That part of our business has held up very well and I don't really think we had a big de-stocking or what I would call our core technology platforms for the meat, dairy, or liquid those areas that are up in our medical business.  We see some of that de-stocking more in the areas that are not the primary package, like our display films, our pressure sensitive businesses, those things that are more directly related to shipping and labeling. And our core technology, food and medical business, I don't think we had that substantially de-stocking.
Gene Wulf: When we talked about de-stocking a year ago, it was really more at the consumer level; we talked about the de-stocking of the pantry, not the de-stocking at our customer level.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And I take it from what you guys are saying is that, that you think inventory levels that are out there today are pretty reasonable given all things?
Gene Wulf: Well, I would say that our customers have been managing their inventories very closely, but I don't think that they have taken their inventories, way, way down.
Operator: And we now have a question from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank 
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank : Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank : Wondering if you could just talk about the activity in the offshore markets that you are in? And I'm particularly curious as to whether Brazil in particular in lagging the US a bit.  Some other countries are suggesting that they are starting to see more signs of slowing down there. So I wondered just incrementally as we move from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, what you might be expecting?
Henry Theisen: Through 2008 our Brazilian operations did very well. We saw growth in the key markets that they serve. We continue to plan for growth in their local currency throughout 2009, so we feel very good about that business.  Our Brazilians report that they do some see slowdown in some areas like automotive or some of the more consumer product areas like that. They start to feel a little bit of a touch, but we're not seeing it in our core food business in Brazil. So we're looking for a good year in the local Real currency. Unfortunately the Real to the dollar exchange rate is a little bit different than it was a year ago.  I would like to comment on our European operations. European operations had some good growth for us, both in volumes and margins in 2008.  Based on the technology products that we brought over there with our polyester technologies, our easy-open, our salability issues, and we look forward to some good growth with those key value-added markets in Europe 2009.
Gene Wulf: But in Europe with our pressure sensitive business, we certainly did feel a slowdown in the economy over there, and we're strongest in our European business in the promotional items for advertising and graphics, and that has, really felt an impact in the fourth quarter, and we expect to get continue in the first quarter.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank : Okay. And then any thoughts on the business down in Mexico, and how well your turn around of that business is progressing?
Henry Theisen: That business is so small; it really doesn't affect what we're doing. We make slow, slow progress ever year. So the economy in Mexico follows the US economy, so it is somewhat weak now.
Operator: And Joseph Naya from UBS has our next question.
Joseph Naya - UBS: I was just wondering, looking at your guidance for 2009, what type of currency exchange rates are baked into those numbers?
Melanie Miller: The currency included in our guidance would be the average rate thus far in the month of January. That's really what we've based on. We did want to include any currency speculation at all, and not plan any significant FX transaction gains or losses either.
Joseph Naya - UBS: Okay. And I was just also wondering if you might be able to comment kind of on what you're seeing so far in the month of January in the terms of demand front? If you have seen any sort of a change from what you saw in the fourth quarter? Obviously it's a real uncertain environment.
Henry Theisen: You know, it's very hard to predict what the volumes are at this stage in the first quarter. We generally have some good shipments at the end of December, and always the first half of January is a very, very slow time, and you really don't get a good look at what's going on during the first half of January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Couple of questions for you; first let's start with the guidance that you gave here for 2009. You know, exiting 2008, I think you mentioned and obviously you saw some volume declines in pressure sensitive, and I think you indicated volume down high single-digit in flexible as well, but some portions that were up. Can you help us with, both on a volume side and on a price mix side, what you've embedded or what you think your assumption is, when you gave us that 2009 guidance?
Gene Wulf: Well, Chris, as we look into the crystal ball in to the New Year, the pressure sensitive business, our display business, the protective display films.  We're anticipating that they are going to have a struggle in the first half of the year at least, until the economy comes around, because their products are so sensitive to other markets. And so that's going to be a very heavy drag on us in 2008.  There is a lot of uncertainty in terms of what's going to happen in the marketplace. I think in our product lines that our staple food product lines were confident that those will stay in the same area, but we're not expecting great growth in those areas in these uncertain periods.  I think markets that are more associated with discretionary buy, whether it's bottled water, overwraps, those kind of things, I think those are going to be a much more difficult market for us in the coming year.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right. Let me pin you down a little, I guess. I do not quite understand that within your $1.50 to $1.70, the pressure sensitive side sounds like we see volumes continue to be down as we have seen on the flexible side, were predominantly your food. Are you anticipating up low single-digit, flat, down low single-digit, down low double-digit? What are we anticipating there?
Gene Wulf: Well, we'd probably be in the flat range this year.
Melanie Miller:  If you add it all up: remember it's very difficult to add up all these various markets, and when we build our plan, we really build it bottoms up. But yes, for the total.
Gene Wulf: And a lot of it is dependent on what happens to the economy, and what people are going to eat, are people going to change eating habits during the year? I think that's some of the uncertainty we're dealing with in the markets. We package whether it is one pound baloney or other kinds of packages, but those all have impacts on us.
Operator: We'll now take a follow-up question from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Hi, guys, two quick ones. First in terms of financing, Gene, can you tell us what types of options you are currently considering, or Melanie, in terms of getting some additional, I guess, liquidity and flexibility? Have you incorporated any potential increase in cost into your guidance?
Gene Wulf: Well, at this point, George, you know, we have lots of flexibility with the commercial paper market, and it's the lowest amount of financing cost at this point.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Yep.
Gene Wulf: And so as we look forward at this point, you know, we like the commercial paper market, and the flexible rate that it has, and unless we see a need for any long-term capital needs, we'll probably try to stay in the commercial paper market for the short-term at least. It's a question of how much we want to have in our backup.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay. So aside from that, what were you alluding to in saying that you might want to consider some additional financing options depending on what happens to the commercial paper market?
Gene Wulf: Well, whether you want to consider, you want to go out and term out some of your commercial paper or not. At this point we don't have a strong interest in trimming out our commercial paper rates because the interest rates are so much higher than the commercial paper rates.
Melanie Miller: If you look at our total credit facilities, we have $625 million of total credit facilities, and the amount we are using is shrinking as we generate more and more cash flow.  And so part of the $625 million is a long-term backup facility that goes out through 2013. The rest that matures is only a 364 day that matures in April.  We just need to decide how much and to what extent we want to renew that when April comes around, depending on how much we're borrowing in the commercial paper market at that time.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay. On cash flow, we were pleased to see the guidance on CAPEX being where it is. How long do you think you can hold or let me say it differently, how long do you think you can keep the CAPEX at that level, Henry?
Henry Theisen: This year we're still benefiting from some of the spending we did for CAPEX in the past few years, and we're also really benefiting from the improvements we made in our world class manufacturing and being able to improve our capacity and our outlook.  I think this year's $100 million to $110 million is probably the lowest you're going to see. I would expect that to get back up between where it is now and depreciation halfway in between there.
Operator: And we have another question from Chris Manuel from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, again. A couple of follow-up questions. First is, can you give us an update on the new meat product? I think previously you had indicated it, you were anticipating FDA approval towards the end of the fourth quarter. Can you give us an update on where you are there?
Henry Theisen: Our really struggles are with the USDA. The FDA has said they don't have any problems with our new products. It's really with the USDA, and we had to do additional testing and submit additional data, which turned out very well for us.  We are now in discussions with the USDA on exactly what the label should say. And we are hopeful that in the first half of this year, we will finally get this through the USDA, and they will agree to the language on the label. That's what we're down to now.  There is no trouble with the science going forward. It's just what the label will read exactly.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So first half '09, and then we could see it on shelves, is that what you are saying?
Henry Theisen: Yeah, first half '09 and then start to see it on shelves late '09, and really be a 2010 product.
Operator: And there appears to be no further questions. However, I would like to give everyone one final reminder. And there are no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie Miller - VP and Treasurer Henry Theisen - President and CEO Gene Wulf - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Reik Read - Robert Baird Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Joseph Naya - UBS Todd Peters - American Century
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Bemis third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie Miller: Thank you. Today is October 28, 2008. The replay of this call will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Gene will begin with comments on financial details followed by Henry who will provide additional details on the market environment. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back in to the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind that everyone statements regarding the future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected or results due to a variety of factors including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, consumer buying trends, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, interest rate fluctuations, the availability of bank financing, and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2007. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gene Wulf.
Gene Wulf: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning Bemis reported third quarter 2008 earnings per share of $0.44, which is $0.04 ahead of the third quarter of 2007 and in the middle of our guidance range of $0.42 to $0.46. Third quarter net sales increased 8.7% from the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the benefit of currency, net sales would have increased by 5.8%. Flexible packaging net sales increased by 10.9% compared to the third quarter of 2007. Currency benefits provided 2.8% sales growth. The remaining 8.1% increase in net sales reflects double-digit sales growth in markets representing about 60% of our flexible packaging sales, the offset by decreases in sales to markets, representing about 14%. The remaining market categories are unchanged or up modestly. Specifically, we enjoyed net sales growth in markets for packaging of meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, dry foods, bakery products, medical devices and industrial products. In the Industrial products market, which represent about 5% of flexible packing net sales, the sales growth reflected the pass-through of raw material cost increases, partially offset by lower unit volumes. Demand in this market has slowed in light of its exposure to the housing industry. In the meat and cheese market, representing almost 30% of flexible packaging sales, we experienced healthy unit volume growth in North America and in Europe, which was boosted further by increases in price and mix. Our new polyester platform is supporting growth in North America, and we have successfully introduced new meat and cheese market products into European markets. In dairy and liquids markets, which represent about 8% of flexible packaging net sales, increased sales in North America and South America. Both contributed to higher unit volumes in this market compared to last year. Net sales of packaging products to dry foods and bakery markets also increased compared to last year's third quarter, as a result of both increased sales volume and increased price mix. Dry foods and bakery markets make up about 6% and 4% of flexible packaging net sales respectively. Sales to medical device markets increased nicely this quarter. Volumes were particularly strong in North America. The market also benefited from improved price mix. On the other hand, we experienced decreased net sales compared to the third quarter of 2007 in markets for confectionary and snack products and overwraps for multi-packs like bottled beverages. Confectionary and snack market sales make up about 8% of flexible packaging sales and volumes have been under pressure for several years due to competitive pressure and consumer trends. Sales of our overwraps packaging for beverages, what we refer to as multi-pack packaging, have been slowing in 2008 after years of double-digit growth. While the package itself continues to expand into new applications, the growth of the market for these applications has slowed considerably this year in conjunction with related consumer buying trends. This market represents about 5% of our flexible packaging sales. In our pressure sensitive materials business segment, net sales for the third quarter of 2008 decreased 1.5% compared to the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the impact of currency, net sales would have decreased 4.5%. This business segment is considerably more sensitive to economic conditions than our flexible packaging segment. While flexible packaging is focused on food and consumer product markets, the pressure sensitive materials segment has considerable exposure to label and promotional markets that are much more sensitive to general economic conditions. Looking at specific pressure sensitive product lines and excluding the impact of currency, net sales of our label products declined about 5% compared to last year's third quarter. Label products represent about 57% of our sales in this segment. Our graphic products sales decreased by about 8%, as volume declines with higher input cost being passed through increased selling prices. Graphic products represent about 30% of our pressure sensitive material sales. In technical products, which represent the remaining 13% of our total segment sales, total sales improved this quarter by about 6%, reflecting an improvement in sales mix as new products continued to be commercialized. Unit volumes in this particular product line continued to be negatively impacted by our exposure to the housing and automotive industries. Leaving sales and moving further to the income statement, gross margin, as a percent of net sales was 16.9% for the third quarter of 2008, a decrease from 17.8% in the third quarter of 2007, and 17.6% in the second quarter of 2008. Gross margins were under pressure this quarter with the substantial increases in input cost that we have experienced at the end of the second quarter. While we have increased our selling prices in response to these higher costs, there is a time lag built into our business model that negatively affects our margins during periods of increasing raw material costs. Along with pass-through, these higher raw material costs in the form of higher selling prices, our business teams are diligently implementing cost management strategies to offset increases and other input costs, such as chemicals, maintenance supplies, energy and freight. Spending on SG&A expense during the third quarter was down slightly from earlier this year and comparable to last year's levels. SG&A expense, as a percent of sales decreased as higher selling prices and good cost management impacted both sides of the equation. Other costs of income include $9.2 million of financial income, about 45% of which represents the interest income from cash balances held. These cash balances were held at international subsidiaries and have been producing interest income over the past several years. In order to make cash available for debt reduction, we've paid a dividend to Bemis from two of those subsidiaries in the fourth quarter. The effect of this dividend will be to reduce interest income earned in the fourth quarter compared to the previous quarters with the corresponding, but somewhat smaller decrease in interest expense. The remaining 55% of the financial income reflects fiscal incentives at international locations. As we have explained in the past, while it is classified as other income, the fiscal incentives relate to specific flexible packaging operations and are included in our calculation of segment operating profit. For the third quarter, year-over-year interest expense was down $2.9 million. This decrease is a reflection of lower debt levels and the lower average interest rates. With regard to segment performance, operating profit, as a percent of net sales was lower than last year's third quarter level, due primarily to the impact of weaker economy and rising resin cost. In our flexible packaging segment, we recorded $82.4 million of operating profit for the third quarter of 2008. This equates to 10% of net sales. Currency translation benefits added about $1.5 million to operating profit. Last year, we recorded $81.6 million of operating profit for the second quarter or 10.9% of net sales. Operating profit in our pressure sensitive materials segment was $9 million or 5.7% of net sales, compared with $9.1 million or 5.7% of net sales for the third quarter of 2007. In this challenging economic environment with lower volumes in the segment; we were pleased to have maintained consistency in our profitability. With regard to cash flow and liquidity, we paid down about $36 million of debt this quarter. Our outstanding debt increased during the first half of 2008, primarily as a result of higher working capital balances and remained somewhat higher than the levels of December 2007, as those higher raw material costs and selling prices worked through working capital. Debt to total capitalization, calculated as debt plus deferred taxes and equity, as of September 30 were 32.5%. This compares to 32.9% at December 31, 2007. On August 15, our seven-year $250 million bond issue matured and we paid it off with commercial paper. As an A1P2 rated company, we used commercial paper to fund our daily working capital needs. During the unusual financial markets we have observed over the past month-and-a-half, we have continued to issue and redeem commercial paper on a daily basis. We were pleased that we were able to issue commercial paper rates similar to earlier in the quarter. At times, the maturities we issued were shorter than desired, but we've been able to successfully fund our company and navigate this liquidity crisis without the need to draw down credit lines. At the end of September, we had $445 million of commercial paper outstanding with the maturity spread throughout the fourth quarter. We plan to continue to participate in this commercial paper market since it represents good liquidity and a low cost of borrowing. Let me remind you that our commercial paper program is supported by $625 million in backup credit facilities. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter of 2008 was $78.6 million, an increase from the first two quarters of 2008, but less than the strong cash flow of $104 million achieved during the third quarter of 2007. The difference from last year to this year is primarily driven by increased levels of working capital resulting from increased input cost to increased selling prices. Our cash flow for the total year 2008 will likely come in below record levels of 2007, but we do anticipate a high level of cash flow during the fourth quarter as higher price receivables are collected, raw material costs subside a bit and inventory levels decrease to normal lower fourth quarter levels. As we said in the past, we continue to expect our investment in capital expenditures to be in the $125 million range for our 2008 capital plan, well below levels of the past few years. In today's economic environment, trying to forecast into the future is extremely difficult. Like you, we see the consumers' low confidence level in the global economy and the attitude to conserve and protect their personal financial situation. Although our pressure sensitive materials segment feel the brunt of their fiscal attitude, our flexible packaging segment remains predominantly focused on defensive markets. Consumers can defer the purchase of a new car or new carpeting for their home, but the family must be fed. In light of these factors, we are setting our guidance for the fourth quarter in the range of $0.40 to $0.44 per share or $1.72 to $1.76. Now, let me turn the call over the Henry for his comments.
Henry Theisen: Thank you, Gene. First, I'd like to comment on the third quarter, and then I would like to address what we expect to see over the next few months. In our pressure sensitive materials segment, which represents only about 16% of our total Bemis sales, the market continues to be tough due to competitive pressures and the slowing global economy. This market is very sensitive to economic conditions, and our volumes tend to reflect the general health of the economy. In addition, competitive pressures associated with the new capacity installed in North American label product market has also impacted our business. We have a lot of experience managing costs to match a volatile demand environment, and I am pleased with the performance of our business under these considerable pressures. In our flexible packaging operations, we initiated world class manufacturing programs, which are in various stages of implementation around our global operations. These programs are making a difference and improving process efficiency and flexibility in our manufacturing operations. This is not a one-time exercise or a restructuring program of any kind. It is a plant-by-plant program in which all plant personnel are involved in improvements, and progress is measured and celebrated at all levels. Our European flexible packaging operations continue to make progress with the world class manufacturing program they initiated in 2006. In the European market, acceptance of our unique polyester sealant films technology is also improving operating results in the region. This quarter's total Bemis volume growth in flexible packaging from market categories like meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, medical device and dry foods reflects the commercialization of new business over the past year and stabilization of demand for core products. During the second half of last year, we clearly saw an unusual volume decline in normally stable food and consumer products markets. We attributed this decline last year to the destocking of the customers' pantry. In 2008, we have been stabilizing unit volume levels, but we still noticed recognizable trends in certain markets. For instance, the growth that we have seen for years in the bottled water market that uses our overwrap for bundling bottles has slowed considerably. On the other side, packaging for single-service coffee is an interesting beneficiary of the economic downturn, as consumers appear to be maintaining their gourmet coffee habit by investing in single-serve quality coffee service options. We have seen our cup [inletting] structures used in single-serve coffeemakers grow substantially over the past year. With all of the defensive benefits of our exposure to food and consumer product markets, we continue to be cautious about predicting near term growth. We have all heard about trends toward cooking at home to save money instead of going to the restaurants. Of course, this should boost demand for our customers' retail products, and in turn, demand Bemis flexible packaging. While we do sell packaging into the institutional markets, this trend will improve sales of retail packaging, which uses more of Bemis' value-added convenience features. The most significant impact in our business in 2008 has been for the volatile prices for direct materials, indirect supplies and energy costs. During the second quarter of 2008, our suppliers announced unprecedented increases in the cost of resin. Resin is also the primary raw material in many other markets, which are very sensitive to the economy, including the housing and automotive markets. These resins are a byproduct of the hydrocarbon stream. This demand for resin in other markets is starting to wane; we expect to see lower prices. Although we have seen prices weaken in commodity polyethylene resins in late September and October, Hurricane Ike shutdown several facilities in early September, which resulted in a supply shortage and supported a high price for certain resins produced in the Sabine Pass and Beaumont, Texas. As we have described many times, our business model attempts to insulate our long-term results from the impact of raw material cost fluctuations, although there is a short-term effect. Given a normal movement up or down in resin costs, we would expect to experience a one quarter lag of margin pressure or margin benefit from these trends. However, rapidly increasing and decreasing raw material costs in a short window of time, quickly puts selling prices and input costs in line. Over the long-term, we expect to maintain margin dollars and continue to compete in the market with innovative products, quality manufacturing, and customer service. Our fourth quarter estimate reflects our currently strong backlog of business, the benefits of our ongoing cost management, and world-class manufacturing efforts, and our ability to react quickly to changes in the market. Current decreases in raw material costs would generally not impact our results until the first quarter of 2009. Risk to our current quarter estimates relate primarily to customer order patterns, which may be disrupted by their financial market concerns and year-end inventory planning. The fourth quarter is generally a slower sales quarter for Bemis, so it is important for us to monitor these trends to ensure that we are managing our operations to appropriately deal with any potential disruptions. As you know, our markets are traditionally stable and we have worked hard to increase the flexibility of our operations without additional capital expenditures. We continue to maintain that our business model generates the best long-term performance results even at times the volatile input costs like we've experienced in 2008. With this solid foundation firmly in place, we are prepared for the challenges that a soft, global economy will bring. Now, I would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Ghansham Panjabi of Wachovia.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia: Hello and good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia: The pantry destocking that you referred to last year, have you seen similar signs of that in the European flexible packaging business as well?
Gene Wulf: Our European flexible packaging business was pretty stable in the third quarter and we just see a quite a bit of growth relating to PET sealants. Overall, our division leaders in Europe are worried about the effects of a slowdown in the economy. We have not seen it through the third quarter, but they are concerned about it going into the fourth quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia: Okay. Just as a follow up, what was the FX impact on the EPS line for the first nine months of the year? Thanks.
Melanie Miller: I apologize I do not have that. I am not sure we get in to those details because of the fact that it varies so much by the various businesses, so I will have to get back to you on that one.
Operator: We will take our next question from George Staphos of Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks, hi everyone, Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: How are you? Two questions around inventory? First off, might one reason why you do not see a pronounced effect from lower resin prices in the fourth quarter, B, the accounting, perhaps you bought a bit of inventory at higher cost levels, and it will take some time to have that move through the system, and then in general in the fourth quarter, can you help us project roughly what working capital benefit we should see in the models? Thank you.
Gene Wulf: Well, George, this is Gene.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Hey, Gene.
Gene Wulf: On the inventory side, you are right. What happens is, we order inventory as we get commitments from our customers to order materials, and so through a FIFO basis, that flows through, and so what we ordered today will be produced in about three to four weeks, and then they will take it over the next 90 days, so that is why the impact of lower resin prices really does not impact us until a quarter following a change or a drop. Then in terms of what happens to our working capital at the end of the quarter, last year in the fourth quarter, we had a really strong fourth quarter in terms of lowering our working capital. We are anticipating we are going to get an improvement in working capital, as we hit a seasonal low for inventories as we come up to end of year, plus we expect to see lower resin prices that will also impact us on that working capital side.
Operator: We will take our next question from Reik Read of Robert Baird.
Reik Read - Robert Baird: Hey, good morning. You have talked about in your comments, potential changes in buying patterns within the food category. Is that something, Henry that you are seeing at this point or something that you are concerned about? If you can talk about how historically in periods like this, have those changes played out?
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Reik. Changes in the buying patterns, we have not seen other than in a few specific areas like we pointed out. Bottled water was a good example where a consumer can make the decision to use tap water rather than bottled water. So there is a few segments like that that we saw. Overall, we currently do not see any changes in the consumer buying products. The things that they wanted to buy for convenience, the things they wanted to buy for easy open, especially the meal kits, things like that are all going strong, and we do not see anybody changing down or swapping out or not wanting to buy those higher-quality items. So we do not see that. We are mostly just concerned with the economy, and not really knowing where this is going to take us. As far as what we have seen compared to the past, I do not know if we really in a long time have been in any situation similar to this to really compare it to.
Operator: We will take our next question from Claudia Hueston of JPMorgan.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Good morning.
Gene Wulf: Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Claudia.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: I was hoping you could provide just a little bit more color on some of the geographic trends you are seeing in flexible packaging, particularly in Latin America and some of the other emerging markets. I mean is there much of a sign of any slowdown there at all? 
Henry Theisen: Well, probably the closest we would have to Latin America is our South American Dixie Toga, and Dixie Toga had excellent sales throughout the year and especially in the third quarter. We are expecting to see good sales in Brazil and in that region of the world in the fourth quarter. However, when I talk to the management team there, they also are starting to get a little nervous about the effects of the global economy. So, it looks like we will have good sales in the fourth quarter, but there is concern in that part of the world also.
Gene Wulf: It will also be impacted by currency in the fourth quarter. We saw late in the third quarter the currency in Brazil and European currency start to devalue. So that is going to have an impact on us going into the fourth quarter.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks very much. Then may be just as quick follow-up, is there any guidance on the corporate expense lines, since it did move around a little bit more than I expected, just going forward?
Gene Wulf: We do not have any guidance at this time.
Operator: We will take your next question from Chris Manuel of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning.
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: A couple of questions for you. Thanks for the color on the geography and what you are seeing on some volume trends. Can you help us maybe a little bit, as the quarter progressed, did you start to see any slowdowns in order do you think due to pre-buys as resins started to come off? Particularly and the way I am thinking about that is, as you talked about earlier that you order 30 days or 40 day or three to four weeks ahead and deliver subsequent, do you think that the volume impact or what you have been embedded in the numbers here for the fourth quarter could see a massive uptick beginning next year as we start to see lower resin prices? Just maybe a little color on how things progressed through the quarter and what you are thinking from volume looking out over the next six months.
Henry Theisen: I do not think we saw any real pre-buy in the third quarter. This rapid drop of raw materials and oil hit so fast. So, I do not think there was any big pre-buy. As we go through the quarter, we started out the quarter with good backlogs. We feel good about the quarter. As far as your question of what will people think is I think more going to be what they feel they should have as the proper inventory level as you come to the last couple of days of December in this year? The resin dropped so fast, I do not think people are pre-buying.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Hi, Gene, I wonder if it is possible for you to just help us walk through how FX is likely to play out for you in the fourth quarter if exchange rates stay right where they are at now?
Gene Wulf: Well, late in the third quarter, we have all seen all of the currencies around the world devalue to the dollar. In Brazil, we have had a substantial decrease in value. That is going to have a negative impact on the sales side as well as the profit side as we go in to Q4, as well as the European currencies have devalued. So, I am not sure I am in a position to tell you exactly how much we think is going to happen, because I am not sure where that currency is going to be in 90 days. It dropped in Brazil much more rapidly than we anticipated. So, it will be very interesting to see what happens, but it certainly has dropped substantially.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joseph Naya of UBS.
Joseph Naya - UBS: Good morning. I was just wondering if you could talk to us a little bit about what you are seeing from your customers in terms of their reaction on the pricing side now, as resin has been coming off and the economy has softened. Are you getting more pushback on prices at this point where you do not have pass-through arrangements?
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Joseph. Yes, I think this is no different than any other time you see rising prices and you see fall in raw material costs. We worked very diligently and very hard to make sure that those raw material costs were passed through to our customers in terms of price increases to them. As they see the price of gasoline and energy and raw materials drop, they are very much talking to us about when that will flow through their lines and when we will be reducing prices and making those adjustments. So it is a day-to-day negotiation with the customers, no different than any other time.
Gene Wulf: Actually, along that line is customers are always pushing back on price, regardless of prices are going up or going down. So, it is just a constant discussion we have.
Joseph Naya - UBS: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will now take a follow-up question from George Staphos of Banc of America Securities
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks.
Henry Theisen: Hi, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: One question on cash flow and a follow-up on pricing and maybe [Joe's] question. On cash flow, again, working capital I think it was around numbers about a $30 million negative variance. I do not have my numbers in front of me. Should we expect a portion or all of that to be reversed in the fourth quarter? Any outlook on CapEx for '09? On pricing, are there any price increases that you are entitled to that have not yet been fully implemented, and when would those be taking effects? Thanks. 
Gene Wulf: About working capital, I think you should see most of that passes way through in the fourth quarter. A lot of that was related to those two effects. One of them was related just to the rising costs of the raw materials increase your working capital. The other is, we took a look at when those hurricanes were coming up through the Gulf Coast, and we took a look at what materials we have that are sensitive that can only come from one or two spots and we did a little pre-buying to make sure that we would have critical materials, and we were very lucky to do that with the problems that existed in the Sabine Pass and Beaumont, Texas to keep our operations going. So we expect the working capital to drop quite substantially in the fourth quarter. CapEx for 2009, we are in the middle of our planning stage, so I really do not have a good comment for you at where we are there. Prices, we have passed through 100% of our price initiatives to our customers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We are going back now to Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank for a follow-up question.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. In your comments, you mentioned that when resin prices cracked down sharply that the pass-through in terms of price can be much faster than normal. Are you concerned about that at all at this point?
Gene Wulf: No, that does not concern me. We pass-through those prices increases, we will recover those when it drops very quickly. We have a quick adjustment on prices with our customers. We do not want to do is get trapped into rising raw material costs later on that occur very quickly.
Operator: We will go back to George Staphos of Banc of America Securities for another follow-up question.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Last question. On pressure sensitive materials, Gene or Henry, can you comment at all as to whether the pricing competition and that is a normal part of this segment in general, whether it is intensified at all because of some deceleration in demand? The follow-on would be how confident are you that you can sustain the margins you are at fairly good performance in the third quarter from our vantage point, in light of the macro environment, and in light of, perhaps, the price competition you talked to? Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Henry Theisen: The price competition in pressure sensitive business has been intense since Raflatac decided to put up their first plant in Carolina's and with the new plant that was in the Dickson that maintain that pricing pressure. I think it has been pretty constant through the time. We really have not had great volume growth in the US here. We have had a substantial amount of capacity added by Raflatac. So I do not really think the pressuring prices are any different today than they were a year ago for us. I am very pleased with our management team, and how they have responded with their world-class manufacturing, the control of their costs, the efficiencies they have in the operations, and I am very proud of that the success they have and I think we can maintain those margins going forward. We are also concentrating a lot and trying to grow our graphics business and trying to grow our technical business, so as the economy would pick up a little bit, we should see some improvements related to those market areas.
Gene Wulf: George, also in that label market, we are trying to focus in on the niche markets, as opposed to the high-volume markets and so in the niche markets, we believe we are able to maintain our pricing better than in the highly competitive markets.
Operator: We will now take a follow-up question from Chris Manuel of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, again. Just one quick follow-up. You talked about some of the new products and things that you have seen some success with here in the quarter and year-to-date, do you have any a metric you can share with us that is maybe a percent of your revenues that are new products that you generated in the last six, 12, 18, or over some period of time that just gives us a sense of how much your revenue is coming from new products?
Henry Theisen: We really do not have a good metric for that since so many of our product developments and our new products we offer are offshoots of current things, where you substitute resins, modify things to deliver certain performances. There is no really good way to separate what is really just a modification to a current price than what we would be able to price. It is unlikely come out with something entirely different. It is a slow flow that goes through the operations of improvements and adjustments, and new characteristics.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will now take a question from Todd Peters of American Century.
Todd Peters - American Century: Hello. Thank you. 
Henry Theisen: Good morning, Todd.
Todd Peters - American Century: Good morning. I missed it. I have two questions. Did you repurchase any shares in the quarter? 
Gene Wulf: No, we did not.
Henry Theisen: I believe that is correct, right?
Gene Wulf: No repurchases.
Todd Peters - American Century: Okay. Then did you breakdown in the flexible packaging area, how much was volume and how much was price in the quarter?
Melanie Miller: No, we do not get into those details very substantially from one market to the other, but Gene did touch on in his commentary that in the markets where we grew, we had double-digit growth in about 60% of our flexible packaging markets. Only in one case that was industrial products, did we have a decrease in volume because of the types of markets industrial products are sold into. In all other cases, we had nice volume increases. Obviously in this environment, also nice price mix increases, because we are passing along our higher material costs.
Todd Peters - American Century: All right, good. I am sorry. Then just one last one. When you talk about changing and buying patterns, are you referring to your customer that you sell your product to or the consumer at the end market retail level?
Henry Theisen: We are talking about the consumer at the end market and how much food are they going to buy, what types of foods are they going to buy.
Todd Peters - American Century: All right.
Melanie Miller: How that might impact our customers' orders to us for those same kinds of packaging.
Todd Peters - American Century: Okay. That is all I have. Thank you so much.
Henry Theisen: You are welcome.
Operator: We have no further questions. Ms. Miller, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Melanie Miller: All right, thank you very much, everyone, for joining us today, and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for joining us today and hope that you have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - VP and Treasurer Gene C. Wulf - Sr. VP and CFO Henry J. Theisen - President and CEO
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets Claudia Shank Hueston - JP Morgan Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Tim Thein - Citigroup Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Bemis First Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introduction I'll now turn the call over to Vice President and Treasurer for Bemis Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Miss Miller, you may begin.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer: Thank you, today is April 29, 2008. The replay of this call will be available on our website www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today Gene will begin with comments on financial details followed by Henry who will provide additional details on performance and our 2008 strategy. After our comments we'll answer any questions you have. However in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and the availability, industry competition, consumer buying trends and our ability to pass along increased cost in our selling prices, interest rates fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filing, including the most recently filed form 10-K for the year-ended December 31st, 2007. Now I'll turn the call over to Gene Wulf.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Melanie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. For the first quarter 2008 diluted earnings per share for Bemis Company were $0.42, inline with our guidance of $0.40 to $0.43 per share for the first quarter. First quarter results of $0.42 compares to $0.45 for the first quarter of 2007. In addition this is equal to the diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2007. The tax rate for the first quarter was 37%, a slight decrease from the 37.8% during the first quarter of 2007. We now expect the 2008 tax rate to remain at 37%, which is a reflection of the jurisdictions where our profits are earned. Bemis actual shares outstanding decreased 5.15 billion shares compared to the first quarter of 2007. As you recall in August of 2007 Bemis announced a planned repurchase of 4 million shares. That plan was completed in the fourth quarter of 2007. We purchased another 150,000 shares during the second quarter of 2007. In addition as has been practice for the past few years, Bemis purchased an additional 1 million shares during the first quarter of 2008 to reduce the diluted impact of our long-term equity incentive programs. Three months ago as we were entering the first quarter of 2008, our guidance for the first quarter anticipated the higher raw material cost that we have experienced and the normal lag involved in passing along those increased costs in the form of sales price increases for our products. In our analysis we also anticipated a more stable level of consumer demand for food products in 2008, which we are pleased to say appears to be materializing. Last year in July we noted a slowdown in orders and sales volume across most of our food packing markets. As we track grocery stores scanner data in an attempt to substantiate the volume weaknesses, we determined that consumers were generally being more careful about their food purchases. At that time the consumer appeared to have de-stocked the pantry and the freezer and became a better manager of who they purchased and consumed. Well, higher food prices means that the consumer's food budget does not go far in 2008 as it had back in 2006. We believe that food is not as discretionary purchase for consumers and eventually will reach a level... reach a limit with regard to cutting back their food purchases. That said we have not seen any change in the demand for higher value consumer friendly packaging for such items as convenience opening and closing features, kits [ph] and single serve. Our customers still want to sell their products in packaging that attracts the consumer and distinguishes it from the competition. Comparing the grocery stores scanner data for the first quarter of 2008 to the first quarter of 2007, the sales volume fluctuations are less severe than they were in 2007. At Bemis with regard to our specific markets which I will get to in a few moments, we saw some areas of year-over-year growth for the first time in several quarters. Although we have seen a stabilizing of the food purchases in the first quarter of 2008, the flexible packaging and the pressure sensitive material products we sell with the housing and industrial applications continued to feel the impact of the deteriorating economy in the Americas and Europe. Total Bemis net sales for the first quarter increased 4.2% from last year's levels. Excluding the impact of current translation, net sales would have decreased by about 1%. In flexible packaging specifically, net sales for the quarter increased 5.2% including a currency translation benefit of 4.8%. I am pleased to report that we experienced sales growth compared to the first quarter of 2007, excluding the impact of currency, in 75% of our flexible packaging end markets and most of that was driven by increased volume. Specifically sales of packaging for meat and cheese, health and hygiene, multi-packs and medical device markets were up low to mid-single-digits compared to last year. In addition sales of packaging for dairy and liquids, dry fruits and bakery markets increased over 10% in each category. The only category in which the increase in sales was not driven by increased volume were dry fruits, where price and mix had a significant impact. As I mentioned, volume growth in these categories reflects more stable consumer demand for these products in 2008, coupled with the impacts of new business in many of these categories. Sales of confectionary and snack foods continued to decrease, led by lower volume levels. Health products packaging has also decreased compared to last year. However mix is improving and we expect new product innovation efforts focused on this market will result in volume growth later this year. Net sales of packaging for smaller other food and non-food markets were down slightly compared to the first quarter of last year. Packaging for industrial markets, including products related to the housing and construction industry, continue to experience lower volume levels. However price and mix improvements offset decreases in their sales. We anticipate that the year 2008 in flexible packaging will have its challenges with a deteriorating economic climate in regions in which we are strong, difficult raw material costs, with oil prices that have never approached $120 per barrel, and unprecedented increases in food price is impacting our customers and the consumer. However we are pleased with the opportunities for unit sales growth that we expect for flexible packaging in 2008, and we are focused on scale up new business and continuous improvement in customer service to maintain that momentum. Net sales in pressure sensitive materials segment were nominally the same as the first quarter of 2007. However mix was dramatically different. This business segment drives about 45% of its sales from Europe, were the strong currency has added over 6% to net sales compared to last year. Excluding the benefit of currency, total segment net sales decreased by about 6.4% driven by lower unit volumes in both European label products and North American technical product sales. Graphic product net sales were up less than 1% compared to the first quarter of 2007. In North America, our label product sales decreased by about 1%. As you know the competitive environment in North American label products business has been challenging. We are working hard to maintain our market position in the niches we enjoy by leading with quality and customer service. While technical products are only 10% of these segments sales, we continue to focus on scale of opportunities of new products and diversification of our customer base. Volume and mix were negatively impacted this year as many of these technical products are used in housing and construction markets in addition to a change in demand for our customer branded medical patch. For total Bemis, gross margin as a percentage of net sales for the quarter was 17.2%, down from 19.5% in the first quarter of 2007. And also a slight decrease from 17.6% in the fourth quarter of 2007. Although polyethylene resin may have temporarily stabilized, we continue to experience raw material increases, in particular this quarter saw increases in specialty resins, additives, adhesives and chemicals. Specially resin products such as plastomers, EVA, ionomers and acid copolymers had increases during the quarter which we are in process of passing on to our customers. We continue to be diligent at our cost take-out programs. Our management teams understand the importance of these programs, and are concentrating on ways to make our operations more cost efficient. So in general and administrative expenses along with R&D expenses, as a percent of sales have remain relatively stable for the past few years. We remain committed to continuing to control these costs in this economically challenging period of time. Other cost and income include about $7.7 million of financial income; about 40% of this represents the interest income from cash balances held. The rest of the financial income reflects fiscal incentives at international locations. While it is classified as other income, the fiscal incentive relates to specific flexible packaging operations and are included in our calculation of segment operating profit. Looking at total flexible packaging operating profit, we reported $79.3 million for the first quarter of 2008 or 10.1% of net sales. Currency translation benefits added about 2.3 million to operating profit. This profit levels compared to $88.2 million for the first quarter of 2007 or 11.95 of net sales. Operating profit in the pressured sensitive materials segment was $11.9 million or 7.2% of net sales compared to $14.3 million or 8.6% of net sales for the first quarter of 2007. A change in sales mix resulting from lower sales of value added technical products for housing and certain medical markets in the first quarter of 2008 negatively impacted performance for this segment. Like many businesses we've been feeling the impact of increasing input costs. Our sales teams around the word have been working hard to increase selling prices to reflect our higher input cost. Fortunately several of our base resins did not experience any price increases during the quarter. However specialty grades that I have described earlier incurred increases and in many cases multiple increases during this period. In addition our paper inputs for both packaging and pressure sensitive materials have experienced price increases. Specialty chemical such as adhesives, coatings and additives have also been passing through price increases. With energy cost at record levels, the cost to run our factories and ship our goods to customers have significantly impacted us at the operating profit level. Our manufacturing R&D and sales teams have been working all out to minimize the impact of these cost increases on our operating results. Even though these are painful experiences, in the long run, we are learning about how to make our operations more efficient and cost effective. Debt increased during the first quarter, primarily as a result of the repurchase of 1 million shares. During the first quarter of each year, we make an effort to repurchase shares sufficient to offset the dilutive impact of stock award programs. Following the completion of that purchase, we have about 4.1 million shares remaining in our board authorization for share repurchase at the end of the quarter. Interest expense decreased by 28% for the first quarter of 2008 compared to the first quarter of 2007, due to lower interest rates. About 55% of our outstanding debt is subject to variable interest rates. This allows us to take advantage of decreasing rates when they occur. Debt to total capital was 32.9% at December 31, 2007, an increase of 33.4% at the end of the first quarter. This increase since year end is primarily the result of the repurchase of 1 million shares of company stock. We expect debt to decrease over the next 3 quarters as stronger cash flows will be used to reduce debt. Cash flow from operating activities was $55.6 million for the first quarter of 2008, compared to $73.1 million for the first quarter of 2007. Lower net income and increased working capital account for about two-thirds of the decrease in cash from operating activities. Working capital normally builds during the first quarter and anticipation of our seasonally strong second quarter. The primary contributor to the remainder of the change is related to a one time event which was the 2007 collection of a long-term receivable at an international location. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $28.4 million, down from last year's capital expenditures of $47.3 million. This decrease is reflection of the lower spending levels we have planned for 2008. At this point we continue to anticipate our 2008 capital expenditures will be under $125 million range. Now I would like to turn the call over to Henry for his comments on the quarter and the updated guidance for the next quarter and the year.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Gene. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. I would like to add a bit of color to the comments that Gene made about the pressures that we are facing at raw material costs, consumer demand levels, and how we at Bemis are responding to those pressures. Bemis's manufacturing processes and technologies use a wide variety of raw materials and flexible packaging our primary raw materials are resin, paper, specialty chemicals such as adhesives, additives, solvents and ink, polyethylene resin represents a significant raw material for us making up about half of our global resin purchases in pounds. In the first quarter, prices at polyethylene resin were expected to increase, but ultimately we remained neutral for the quarter. However polyethylene prices increased steadily throughout 2007, and this quarter a pause provides us with an opportunity to catch up in the second quarter. As Gene mentioned, various grades of paper used in our pressure sensitive material and flexible packaging businesses have experienced first quarter increases. In addition being a material science business means that we have a wide variety of plastomers, EVAs, ionomers, and acid co-polymers as well as numerous other specialty materials in our unique product blends. During the first quarter, all of these specialty materials along with nylon polyester polypropylene experienced sizable price increases. Not only is the cost of raw materials going up, but energy, freight cost have also increased with recent run-up in oil prices. At Bemis, we have mechanisms in place to pass along basic raw material costs increases to contract customers. Although there is a few months lag in total, this contract prices are adjusted. In our non-contract flexible packing and pressure sensitive materials businesses we have increased selling prices to reflect raw material costs. We've stepped up our efforts to use global sourcing as a means to manage our cost. Increasing the competition for supply contracts and taking advantage of regional cost benefits were possible. We continue to qualify new resins to expand our supply base and take advantage of our global purchasing power. Another avenue to improve our margins is cost management and improved efficiency. Last week I met with the leaders of all of our global business units from North America, South America, Europe and Asia, each one highlighted production improvement as a significant effort in their businesses. Every plant is engaged in programs to improve their processes, reduce their waste and improve efficiency. We are using world-class manufacturing tools to measure progress and drive cost out of the businesses. Sales in our flexible packaging business are growing nicely in the areas where we have invested, namely meat and cheese, dairy and liquids multi-pack, health and hygiene, medical device and pharmaceuticals. Packaging for food products represents about 56% of Bemis as total sales. Heath and hygiene markets are likely to be the resilient ones through these times as is medical and pharmaceutical market. These markets make up an additional 17% of sales. On the other hand we do have exposure to the housing and industrial markets which are continuing to face weak demand conditions in 2008. This probably represents another 6% of our sales. Our label and graphics pressure sensitive materials product sales are normally correlated with regional economies. These markets react to general reductions in manufacturing levels and lower promotional spends as the economies slow. Out technical products, which are typically designed to replace mechanical fasteners are experiencing slow downs reflective of housing, automotive and industrial markets. Surprisingly, the weather can also be a factor in our business. As we head into the normally strong second quarter for a number of our products that we packaged the cool west start to the spring isn't helping to jump start the gardening, the grilling, pickening and bio water season. We hope May proves to be warmer. The media is starting to report that consumers are eating a whole more often and restaurants are beginning to suffer. This trend is good for some of our customers who often compete with restaurants for the consumers' food dollars. With all of this in mind, I can tell you that we are pleased with the trends that we are seeing in the first quarter and optimistic about the rest of the year. According to the grocery store scanner data, the year-over-year transit volume purchased in general food categories appears to be stabilizing, compared to the declines that we saw during 2007. This is a good sign for our customers. We gain new business in 2007 that is just now scaling up to commercial production levels and our customers have been working with us on new product introductions, many of which are coming to market this spring. The rigid bacon package has scaled up and is now a nationwide distribution. Stick pack business is accelerating in 2008 as our customer's buy new powdered products to put into this packaging format. Multi-pack overwrap for beer is starting to be introduced into the market. New proprietary polypropylene sealing technology is expanding into unique frozen food applications. Our self vending technology is about to enter the market, for frozen foods and sauces. You should see this product on store shelves later this spring. Bemis is the only company that manufactures this unique sealant, which can withstand the temperatures that sauces achieve with microwave cooking. Our polyester platform continues to win new business with expansion for meat applications expected to move to cheese and hygiene products. Single serve gourmet coffee packaging continues to be a growing market for us. Now our customers are expanding this product line to emphasize other heated beverages like teas and hot cocoa. And we are pleased to be participating in a new packaging format for Wal Mart's fresh meat packaging. Wal Mart recently began to change their case-ready meat package to a format that is the same as that sold at grocery stores. With the local butchers are packaging the meat. This old packaging style has a very sure short shelf life and as a result, needs an extra barrier protection to help it last through the distribution process. Bemis supplies that protection in the form of a barrier mother bag [ph] that extends the shelf life until the package reaches the retail store and is displayed in the meat case. Our own barrier case-ready product, Fresh Case is still waiting approval by the USDA. They have requested shelf life test that will take until the end of June. We now expect the earlier we received a comment from the USDA will be visible [ph]. In addition we have developed a hybrid pack using our paper and plastic technologies, which provides a retail solution for the breakage problems for pet food bags. Our hybrid package offers high quality graphics and excellent durability. It is also dramatically sealed which provides protection from infestation that can occur in its own polypropylene alternatives that are currently in the marketplace. We also have some new graphic pressure sensitive products that are being introduced this year, including a window graphic film that facilitates in store advertising. We're running trials for pharmaceutical businesses and our new laminator installed in Wisconsin last fall. These trials are for the packaging of individually packaged over the counter medication using the starch wafer format. We are looking forward to sales to this market in 2009, the start up of our new medical device plant in Northern Ireland has gone very smoothly and we are eager to fill up our new service base. Almost one-third of the way to the second quarter, we are cautiously optimistic about the quarter and the remainder of the year, for the second quarter, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.44 to $0.47, compared to $0.47 for the second quarter of '07. For the total year we want to reaffirm our annual guidance of $1.78 to a $1.88 per share, where we fall at in these ranges will depend on the volume levels that we achieved and our ability to match price increases with raw material cost increases. At this point, I can tell you that matching price with cost is our highest priority, I would now like to open it for your questions.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer: Operator? Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from the side of George Staphos, please go ahead.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Thanks. Hi everyone good morning. Two questions around pricing and margins, first off given the volume growth or the growth I think to be more precise that you talked about in one of your focused areas, it would seem to suggest that pricing didn't move all that much, Henry, can you help us bridge price versus volume roughly in flexible packaging. The second question, the follow-on is can you give us a sense on what you are seeing right now in terms of polyethylene, it would appear that resin on the whole was a little bit better than expected in 1Q, thanks.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, good morning, George. To get at your fist pricing... the first question on pricing, we saw a numerous price increases in polyethylene and almost all of the specialty raw materials that we purchased late in the second quarter and some of those raw material increases in specialty area past even... also has increases in the first part of 2008. Really the difference is in the lag which we've talked about, which can be three to six months for our contract customers in order to pass those raw materials on the escalate, de-escalate to them. And we are also in the process of having a general price increase to pass all of those raw material costs on. So it's really in the lag.
George Staphos - Bank of America: I understand.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: And the second part of your... but I do want to emphasize that as far as pricing and margin, we are very happy in the areas that we have invested our technology and invested our capital in, some of those areas I pointed out in our discussion.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Yes.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: As far as polyethylene price increases, there was a $0.11 price increase nominated for the first quarter that did not occur, that $0.11 still stands out there. And the resin companies are trying to get back through with the second quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from the site of Ghansham Panjabi. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Hey guys, Good morning.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: On your last comment on the announced resin price increase, is that what you have baked into... have you baken any of that into your full year guidance. And also can you just comment on the competitive environment, the flexible packaging as a whole, I mean you guys are one of the market leaders and you certainly seem much more aggressive on the pricing side, just wondering how your competitors are also sort of behaving in this environment. Thanks.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the first part about the polyethylene price increasing, that's an interesting question. A lot of the polymers are driven more by fibers and automotive and we see the general downturn in the economy on the other hand and so we have volume substantial increase in raw material prices. On the other end we have $120 oil, so we really are sitting here and smart enough to figure out who wins that battle, $120 a barrel of oil or the decreasing economies. So what we have is we have not baked in any raw material increases into our yearly guidance which is identical to what we told you three months ago. And the second part of your question on competition, competition is always tough. Specially, when there is no real growth in the market place, so we will fight and we are very proud of our material science base and we feel we can compete very well. But it's always a tough battle.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ghansham, Gene here, just to add one thing on the polyethylene prices in our forecast, we always make an assumption in our forecast that we are going to be passing any change in the raw material prices onto the customer based through our contract agreement, so if price increases occur in third and fourth quarter, those would be going in to our escalated, de-escalated programs.
Operator: We will take our next question from the side of Chris Manuel, please go ahead.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Chris.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Congratulations on the promotion Henry.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, thank you very much.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I want to get back George's question if I can, because I am still a little confused about the... to help me rectify between cost price and volume. If we don't get flexible packaging in the first quarter and strip out currency, it think revenues were up just a shade under half a percentage. And you indicated that the volumes were up and from the points [ph] markets maybe volumes were up sort of low mid-single digit. So there is still a gap that doesn't quite fit. If you didn't have price go through yet and you didn't have the inflation in polyethylene, you may have some in... some of the specialty resins, but that would still imply that maybe it's a mix or something but that price had to been a pretty... by a similar amount of volume at least a negative factor. Can you help us, I guess I'm still confused bridging that gap but it seems as though that had been pretty sizable price decrease in the quarter?
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer: Chris, I'm going to trying and answer this for you because it's a bit of mathematical challenge for us. As we try and look at total volume for Bemis, it's difficult for us to add up all the various pieces that we are looking at because they are not homogenous pieces.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer: But I would say volume in total if you are right that total sales went up a bit less than half a percent. Volume in total was probably up around at between 0 and 1% when you average it all together, because of the fact we not only have these nice big markets that are up, we also have some pretty sizable market that are down. And so there is a lot of volume in those as far as square inches goes. Price and mix, we would have put pricing through last year when we had all of the resin price increases last year to the extent that mix has impacted those business, it ends up being pretty neutral between price and mix I think. So it's really volume that's driving and it's not... we are talking about volume up 5% this quarter it's really low single digit.
Chris Manuel - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, and then the second question I had, relating to interest expense is quite a bit lower in the quarter, at least lower than what we had modeled. Is this... Gene baked into your full year guidance. What... is this a reasonable run rate you are assuming baked into your full year number?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, it is. 65% of our interest is tied to variable rates, so as the interest rates have declined and we have a sizable amount of commercial paper we will receive the benefit of these lower rates. And we expect as we go through the year as we generate cash it will continue to pay down debt also, you will get a benefit of lower interest rates as well as lower debt.
Operator: Okay the next questions from the side of Claudia Hueston, please go ahead.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JP Morgan: Hi, thanks very much, good morning.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Claudia.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JP Morgan: I just have a couple of little questions. One was just on corporate expense, which was a little bit higher than sort where I did expected it to be, how should we think about that going forward and the second question was just on your cash from operations. I think last quarter you talked about hoping to achieve a least 400 million for the year, is that's still the goal?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will answer the first part of that question and I will let Gene take the second part. It's probably one of the few really good financial questions I can answer you in why corporate expenses are up. As you know we are implementing SAP and we said in the past that we will not have SAP implementation be a hit or hurt our earnings per share, or use it as an excuse. But the main part of it is just the expense of the implementing it.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay, so this is probably a more normal rate for the near term at least as that rolls in.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly, but as a percentage of our sales dollar it's still relatively stable to where we were last year.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JP Morgan: Yes.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the cash flow from operating activities, the first quarter is typically the first quarter is typically the lowest quarter of the year for us in terms of the cash flow because there is a build up in the inventories as we move in to our seasonally stronger second and third quarters and then will fall off in the fourth quarter. So our target remains the $400 million range for the year and we have a substantially lower CapEx spend plan for this year, we were expecting to be in the $125 million range, last year we were in the $175 million range and we are still expecting that we would be in the $400 million range for the year.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next from the side of Reik Read, please go ahead.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Hey, good morning. Can you guys just talk a little bit more on just on the pricing front, how you think about pass throughs versus keeping your volume up, in past quarters you have talked about wanted to make sure you got plenty of volume going through in some case may be talking trying to increase that and I am just wondering how much pricing plays into that just given the environment we are having to pass through because of commodity costs.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Reik, our escalator and de-escalator business that we have been awarded from our customers and as far as trying to grow our volume with that it's just going to attract track their volume growth,
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Okay.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: So their volume grows, our volume will grow, if their volume decreases in the market place, our volume will decrease in the market place through the length of that contract. Where we really see good opportunities to grow our business are polyester platforms or polypropylene sealants, our new hybrid hybrid [ph] core bag for our pest food and the new product developments that we bring and bring convenience to solve problems for our customers, we will really have our opportunity to grow our volumes.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The other thing to keep in mind on the pass throughs is those past throughs typically are applied to new orders. So as we get new orders during the quarter you get your normal lead time before it's produced and then shipped and typically those orders will not all ship in a single quarter thus be spread out. So we are still seeing in Q1, we're still seeing pricing that was in effect in fourth quarter of 2007 stealing in to the first quarter of 2008 and now we'll start to see as we move into 2008 second quarter the impact of the price increases that we installed this past quarter.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Okay and that's just going to continue to occur but you don't expect to see any volume changes as a result of that, either in your contract or--
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're expecting our volumes are going to continue to improve, we were very happy in the markets where we been investing, we've been very happy with the growth that we've been seeing and we would expect that to continue as the year progresses.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ross Gilardi. Please go ahead.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, thank you.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Hey Henry, I just had a couple of questions. I thought in the Q&A last quarter that in response to a question it was said that you are anticipating 6% to 7% volume growth in the flexible packaging business in 2008 and that's what was baked in your guidance, we didn't model that, but now you are saying modest volume growth for 2008, yet you are leaving your full year guidance unchanged. So was that a mistake in last quarter or could you just help me understand what the difference is there?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I do want to point out that a lot of our volume growth was baked in to back of the last part of the year as we rolled through this new products roll outs to open the pressure sensitive business and in our flexible packaging business. We were disappointed in the first quarter really in the housing and construction. It is such a small part of our business, of less than 10% but it drastically fell off, so we had some parts of its that we wish were a little better, but in the other price we have invested in we're seeing that 6% to 7% growth that we were talking about.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay so you were anticipating three months ago that you would have 6% to 7% volume growth in your core business. Now that numbers are lot lower but you are still keeping your guidance unchanged. How are you making up the difference?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's really in the new products I think that we are putting out? And the other part of it is in our cost take out programs. If you add up when we put out new products, we get to price those from the start, it's not on a escalator, de-escalator, so those new introductions add to our company in addition all of the cost take out that we've been working with and the world-class manufacturing and those benefits that we started a few years ago keep rolling through the operations. And they are gaining momentum as they go throughout all of our facilities.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer: And even if we hit only say 4 or 5 or even 3% volume growth this year, a lot of those benefits will fall to the bottom-line, that we never got to recognize that last year because we had volume decline.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so are you baking in 3% to 5% volume growth for flexibles in for the year, or when you say modest I kind of take that more as 1% to 2% growth because you talked about the cost savings issues, last quarter you talked about the new product issues, so none of these things really seem like that they really new, so it just seems like they disconnect on you this quarter versus last quarter.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ross, Gene Wulf here, in several of our markets we had very sizable price increase... volume increases in this first quarter as we had anticipated. In some markets still they were very down as I had in my commentary the snack food and confectionery market was way-off from a year ago, as was pet products way-off and we've a new product coming out of the pet food area that we think will help us as we get to the end of the year. And we are expecting that the confectionary business is stabilizing and we'll see that grow later on. But in the market we are investing in we are pleased with the trends we are seeing, and we are focused in on continuing to grow those marginal markets.
Unidentified Company Representative: Ross, I also think it's fair to say that, when we build up our guidance and we build up our plan, we do it from a bottoms up perspective, and we are looking at our business, describing it market by market, individually, what's the growth we are expecting in each of those markets. Those... the comment at the beginning of the year about 6% to 7% growth is really a general comment and we don't have a specific number that we can point to on a schedule and say here it is. And if that number changes, we are going to change our guidance because we're really doing a bottoms up calculation and so we are looking for... looking to all of these various businesses just to see what they are going to do for the year to come up with our guidance.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: So what kind of volume growth or core revenue growth? Should we be baking into our model, for 2008, in the flexible packaging business?
Unidentified Company Representative: We actually don't normally give guidance on revenue growth. So we are not going to update, what we said last quarter, expect to say that we have reaffirmed our guidance for the year, and we are working to grow sales as Henry and Gene has detailed.
Operator: We take our next question from the side of Mark Wilde, please go ahead.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Morning. Couple of questions, first the ramp up of the Irish plan, which I think is medical packaging, is it possible, to help us understand, how big an impact they had in the quarter?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Mark, the medical packaging facility, we moved up from a older facility last year to a new facility, and that one very successful for us. May be there's a small part of the Bemis business, it really isn't going to drastically affect the overall numbers that you see for Bemis.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, then just as a follow-on, turning to the agriculture market. I understand right now because feed costs are very, very high that there are lot of animals that are going to market, pushing down meat prices but it sounds like a lot of people expect 3 to 6 months out that we could see a lot of upward pressure in terms of meat prices. Are you seeing anything in your business right now that reflects that and do you think about that at all in terms of how you think about the back half of the year?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't see it is direct affecting our business today but we do follow that, we do know that renew [ph] has closed some plants in the chicken area. We know that Tyson's closed some facilities. We here talk about fresh meat producers scaling back on account of the feed cost. And we do worry about it; we do worry about it quite a bit. And I don't how that's all going to play out.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Yes go ahead.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: You have to remember that in our meat business we tend to be in the process side of the business not in the practice side of the business. And as we look at those markets we think that the process size will be remained much more stable than the fresh side remain.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Could be because of pricing has less volatile is that correct?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, pricing is less volatile and our meat customers make a lot more money in the process product lines that they do in the fresh product lines. And so they are doing to everything they can to protect their processes products.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: And in the process products that's where lot of our technologies around convenience, easy open, reseal, extended shelf life those things and our material science really have an affect.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, very good thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from the side of Mike Hamilton [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mike.
Unidentified Analyst: I wonder if you could give a few comments on progress in Europe and what you are seeing in and how it's going versus our expectation?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Europe is going along with our expectations. Number of years ago we acquired various facilities. We transferred a lot of our technologies over there. Those technologies last year started to gain some ground and in PET sealants, easy peal PET, fusion PET, and those markets were gaining traction. They are expanding, they are getting growth opportunities and as more and more that hits the market we hope to see more and more customers wanting that technology in accelerating the growth. But as of today, we are happy with our European progress and it is on pace with what we expected.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from the side of George Staphos. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Hi guys, next couple of questions more around M&A and strategic. How do you see potentially more consolidation in confectionary as an end market, and your customers affecting you at all? Is it net negative? Could it be a net passive, Henry? How would you direct this at this juncture? And then the second question would be are you changing at all and what are the criteria that you used to look at acquisitions within your key markets? Thanks.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well as far as the confectionary, we sell and we have positions at all of the major confectionary markets. And for our business if some of those win awards our business grows as some of the customers lose some market share then we suffer but, whether they are combined or not combined I don't really see this as a big change for us.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the area of the most recently announced merger of confectionary in the gum markets we don't really have much of the position. That's a lot of paper packaging, plastic packaging. So it really doesn't impact us directly
George Staphos - Bank of America: Can you [ph] Wrigley has... still has a lot of self [ph] mix.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I do not know that.
Unidentified Company Representative: I do not know that George.
George Staphos - Bank of America: All right.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: On the other question about the acquisitions and what sort of perspective, listen we are big global multi-packaging pressure sensitive business and any thing that becomes available in the world we usually find that about, we have got a very defined program we go through when we look at opportunities and we are going to stick with that and see what happens as opportunities are presented to us.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Are they are not specifically criteria that you are using, that you used to look at acquisitions?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would not say specific financial though, we would like to get as we like to get that acquisitions that add to our technology base or acquisitions that give us some more global reach.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Or new unique markets that we are not in.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Got it, thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from the side of Timmy Thein, please go ahead.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Good morning.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Tim.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: A couple of quick questions, the medical business is that run with Pharma and is it becoming more global. I just want to get an update, I know you are in Ireland, you are in the States, I think you might also be in Asia but I wanted to double check.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are in Asia, we are in Puerto Rico, we are here in the States and we are in Ireland and it is run as global business. And the pharma part is being run through our medical business at this time. The medical business has a lot of the standards and the clean rooms and the things that are necessary to try to enter Pharma and in many cases our medical customers would also be purchasers of some of the Pharma products.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Got you, got you, second question, it was touched on earlier but I would assume if more cows or chickens go down, they would not just flood the fresh ready to eat market because people would become rather large, but would indeed be put into the longer term, shelf stable packages, whether its frozen or refrigerated. Is that a good assumption?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think if there is less animals to slaughter is going to affect the supply for the entire food chain.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Got you.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, there is a lot of pork bellies in freezers right now.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Right, thanks guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from the side of Mike Hamilton, please go ahead.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, I was just wondering if you could give a little bit of clarification on the canvas you made related to what showing up in other income, and start to think about it from a forecasting purpose, the 60% that is tied to incentive off of international.?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Gene Wulf, on those fiscal incentives that we have, those tend to be long term, that would be over a number of years. If you are looking at the next 12-34, 24 months, what you are seeing there is probably going to be consistent for the next two to three years.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets: So not a lot of volatility at least over the real term?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not unless we can plan some more opportunities.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thanks.
Operator: [Operates Instruction]. We will take our next question from the side of George Staphos, please go ahead.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Thanks. As to... are there any areas do you think Henry, within Bemis, specifically within packaging, but I guess also may be even within pressure sensitive material that might provide an opportunity for you for further restructuring and cost reduction improvement efforts, I know you obviously have been focusing that, you have been focusing on process within the facilities, but how do you feel about the portfolio and any areas perhaps where you can cut back a bit further benefits over margins and returns.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think over the over the past we have two restructurings I think over the last five years or so and those really took out some of the older facilities that really couldn't compete any longer in the lower end markets that we are in. I don't see us restructuring at all. I think we're in a good position in our packaging business, we have a disciplined... on what we've consolidated the business into those. We will continue with our daily cost take out and our cost improvement and our world class manufacture [indiscernible] but that isn't restructuring.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Henry, one question I have asked Jeff in the past calls on and you have been in on those calls as well. When I look at your return on capital performance, so has the last, many years, there has been a downward trend despite all the technology that brings to the market and all the adulation you have from your customers in terms of your innovation and services.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Realizing when--
George Staphos - Bank of America: Factor, how else then if you are going to restructure further or restructure it in a portfolio and the strategy-- how else should we expect the current capital to improve on returns. Obviously, good quarter here. Good start how else we move the needle in the future. Thanks guys, good luck in the quarter.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And I think that's just... we continue to do the things that we're doing, as you look at some of our capital, we acquired Dixie toga, Dixie was really in the candy confection kind of a business, we put up a new plant down there for the shrink pack business. We expanded the facilities and transfer into sub technology, we made a major investment in transferring technology to Dixie toga in South America. Likewise we did the same thing in Europe. We spent capital, put the assets in place to grow our businesses. We spent the capital to put in place our expansions in New London to grow our medical packaging, also our expansions of our Northern Ireland facility for medical. So we've done a lot of CapEx setting ourselves up to transfer our core technology in those businesses. The other part I want to mention in how we can get a better return on capital comes out of our cost improvement programs. We talked about cost improvement programs, a part of that is productivity. If you look at our CapEx going down to 125, that's because a lot of our cost take out a world-class manufacturing has added capacity. And as we can grow our volume, we could gain the benefits of that capacity
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: George, talk to our people in operations, what are the comments they talk about our virtual machines they create. Just talking with one of the workers in our polyethylene business where they have through their work have discovered an additional press by managing their business better. So that's one less press, we have to invest in the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And there are no further questions. Thank you.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President and Treasurer: Thank you very much, operator and thank you for everyone for joining us today. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect at any time and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melanie E. R. Miller - VP, IR and Treasurer Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and CEO Gene C. Wulf - Sr. VP and CFO Henry J. Theisen - President and COO
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch Tim Thein - Citigroup Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co. George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Sanjita Jain - Lehman Brothers Chris Manuel - Key Banc Capital Markets Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the BMS Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Treasurer for BMS Company, Ms. Melanie Miller. Ms. Miller, please go ahead.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer: Thank you operator. Today is January 29, 2008. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.bms.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are BMS Company's Chairman and CEO, Jeff Curler; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Henry Theisen and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gene Wulf. Today, Jeff will begin with a few comments about the market environment, followed by Gene with comments on financial details and then, Henry will provide some additional color on operating performance and 2008 outlook. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, consumer buying trends, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff Curler.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Melanie. Before Gene and Henry get into the analysis of 2007, I wanted to make a few comments about our 2007 accomplishments and opportunities in 2008. This year BMS is celebrating its 150th anniversary of our founding, by Judson Moss Bemis in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1858, the foundation of this company was built on a platform of innovation as Judson brought the new technology of machine-sown cotton bags to the millers of that era. For a company to operate successfully for 150 years, it has to be able to adapt to market changes and provide innovation to maximize those market changes. That is exactly what Bemis has done over the decades and what the current management team continues to deliver today to our customers throughout the world. In 2008, we at Bemis will remember the accomplishments, challenges and the successes of our history. We are excited about the future and the continued growth of our company. 2007 was a very challenging year at Bemis. As we entered the year, our annual review of our business was very encouraging. For the past several years, we have been investing in our strengths by building product platforms that extend our technology advantage in the market and increasing our capacity for products for which we anticipate steady market growth. We have also been putting a significant amount of effort toward improving our cost structure to ensure that we are cost competitive and maximizing our return on the capital investments that we've made. During 2007, inflationary prices for food and fuel had a dampening effect on consumer spending and the economy began to show signs of weakness. At Bemis, we consider our market exposure to be diversified and defensive, including products in every aisle of the grocery store. Unfortunately, consumer spending slowed in virtually every category we follow, which reduced our sales volumes in 2007 and negatively impacted our performance. Our teams have responded well to these market changes, reducing costs and adjusting production schedules to match current demand or retaining the flexibility to meet customer needs for new products. I am also pleased with our progress in our European flexible packaging operations. We implemented improvements in 2007 that support our growing momentum in European proprietary film sales and will deliver better profit performance going forward. I am confident that the improvements that we have made over the past several years through out Bemis Company have prepared us well for the challenges that may come with 2008. While it may again be a challenging year for consumer markets, Bemis is well prepared to deliver sales and profit growth. Now Gene will go over the specifics of the financial results.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Jeff. Good morning everyone. This quarter, diluted earnings per share reported on a U.S. GAAP basis were $0.42 compared to $0.39 for the fourth quarter of 2006. During last year's fourth quarter, we recorded a restructuring charge of $4.1 million related to our 2006 plant closures. Excluding the impact of this restructuring charge, last year's earnings per share would have been $0.42 per share. This year's fourth quarter results benefited from a lower tax rate and a lower number of shares outstanding. During the fourth quarter of 2007, we recorded a $0.02 tax benefit related to dividends from foreign subsidiary. In addition, the weighted average shares outstanding decreased from 2006 due primarily to our first quarter share repurchase program to offset dilution from long-term stock-based incentives in our August accelerated share repurchase program. During 2007, Bemis purchased a total of 5.15 million shares. Total Bemis net sales for the fourth quarter increased 1.3% compared to the fourth quarter sales levels of 2006. Excluding the benefit of currency translation, net sales would have decreased 3.6%. In Flexible Packaging, net sales for the quarter increased 1.6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Excluding currency translation benefits of 4.8%, net sales would have decreased 3.2%. As we look at specific flexible packaging markets and excluding the benefit of currency in each, only about one-third of our flexible packaging markets reported increased sales levels compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. As we have been doing for the past three quarters, we obtained consumer spending market data in order to look at overall demand for food and consumer products in the markets that we serve to help us better understand the consumer trends and their impact on our order volume levels. While this is backward-looking information, it does explain the slow volume trends that we are experiencing in our flexible packaging business in the United States. In packing for processed meat and cheese, which represents about 30% of our global flexible packaging sales dollars, Bemis net sales were down about 1.9%. Although we are pleased with the success of specific new products, in total, we are experiencing weakness in this category consistent with the market data reports of volume trends in these process meats and cheese market categories. In Europe, where meat and cheese represents over 60% of our European flexible packaging total sales, we noted healthy net sales increases in markets representing 77% of our totals net sales in this region. As Jeff mentioned, sales of our proprietary film structures continue to gain traction in this region of the world. Globally net sales for dry food packaging were down about 7% this quarter. Sales in this market represent about 5% of segment sales. This decrease reflects the impact of lower sales of packaging for products such as powdered milk, dry ingredients and rice. Representing about 4% of segment sales, bakery goods packaging decreased about 2.5% compared to last year reflecting the same volume declines we noted in the market data reports. The bakery market has been negatively impacted by higher cost for wheat in 2007. Net sales of our confectionary and snack packaging would represent about 8% of the flexible packaging total net sales, were down about 11% compared to last year. This decrease reflects a combination of volume declines in our South American market and some price mix erosion in our North American markets. Pet products packaging sales decreased over 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006; related to reductions in sales volume for multi-wall paper bag pet food packaging. This decrease reflects a general market slowdown that we have also noted in the market data. Pet products represent about 3% of flexible packaging sales. Packaging for industrial products also decreased about 4.5% compared to last year. Industrial products include packaging for such items as shingles, rout, other housing and construction related products, which have been impacted by the decline in the housing market. Industrial products represent about 4% of flexible packaging sales. Now let's move on to the markets where we have recorded improvements compared to last year. Dairy and liquid market packaging sales increased over 11%. This year-over-year improvement reflects new business in both North and South America for living stock, dairy thermoformed cups for yoghurts and edible fats and portion controlled condiment packaging. In this market, we enjoy competitive advantage because of our proprietary film materials and features. Medical device packaging which represents about 6% of segment in that sales increased about 1.6% from the fourth quarter of 2006. This division completed the startup of major tandem coating capacity and the expansion of one of our Wisconsin plants, in addition to the decanter we moved to our Northern Island state-of-the-art facility. We believe the slowdown we experienced during the second half of 2007 for this market, was specific to our plant relocation efforts. We expect to return to double-digit volume growth in 2008, as we benefit from our investment in new equipment over the past two years. Other non-food packaging sales which represent about 10% of flexible packaging decreased... increased about 2.5% by increased sales of thin gauge string film. In the pressure-sensitive material segment, net sales for the fourth quarter increased 0.3% to $157.8 million, reflecting soft unit volumes offset by 6% benefit from currency translation. Of our total segment sales 57% are labeled products, 33% are graphic products and 10% are technical products. Once again, I will exclude the impact of currency from my specific market comments. Labeled product sales were down 6.2% compared to last year's sales levels. In Europe, we experienced a volume loss of about 10% while in North America our volume decreased about 3%. In this market, lower sales volume reflect slower global economic conditions along with the impact of new industry capacity being introduced in the North American market. Graphic product sales increased by just under 1% in the fourth quarter. In this market, we experienced a slowdown in volume in both North America and European operations compared to last year's fourth quarter. This volume decrease was offset by an improvement in price mix in our European operations, where the bulk of our graphic business is centered. Sales volume in this product line historically tend to reflect regional customer marketing budgets and general economic conditions. Net sales of technical products decreased over 10% compared to last year's fourth quarter. In technical products, a change in sales mix can have a significant impact on net sales because of the price per unit can vary substantially from product to product with this market. Although this sort of... although this quarter saw reduced sales volume, the change in the North American sales mix of technical products was the primary contributor to the decreased sales level. The impact of a soft housing market and weaker medical patch customer sales are the major factors in the volume reduction and the decrease in price mix. The total Bemis gross margin for the quarter was 17.6%, a decrease of 120 basis points from the gross margin of last year's fourth quarter of 18.8%. During the fourth quarter, we remained behind our pass-through of increased resin prices, especially for polyethylene-based products. A large portion of the resin increases have been passed through as of January 1st. However, new rounds of increases have been announced and could have an impact on the first half of 2008. With a challenging economy in 2007, we have remained aggressive at controlling our selling, general and administrative expenses. Our selling, general and administrative expenses have been very fairly steady in 2007, with both quarter and year at 9.4% of net sales. Continuing through the quarterly income statement, other cost and income included about $8.3 million of financial income reflecting the investment interest from cash balances and fiscal incentives at international occasions. While it's classified as other income, fiscal incentives relate to flexible packaging operations and are included in our calculation of segment operating profit. Now looking at segment operating profit, flexible packaging operating profit was $83.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 or 11% of net sales. Currency translation benefits added 2.4 million to operating profits. Excluding the impact of restructuring charges, operating profits as a percent of sales was 10.9% for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to 11.8% for the fourth quarter of 2006. Our operating results in 2007 have been negatively impacted by lower volumes as well as raw material cost increases. Operating profit in our pressure-sensitive material business segment was $6.7 million or 4.3% of net sales for the fourth quarter, including $670,000 of currency benefit. This is compared to operating profit of $9.2 million or 5.9% of net sales for the fourth quarter of 2006, when we exclude restructuring charges. Results in this segment have been impacted by lower volumes and the negative change in sales mix in our graphic and technical product sales during 2007. Total debt to total capitalization was 32.9% at the end of 2007, which is nominally the same as last year end when the ratio was 33.0%. We are quite pleased with the results, considering the level of capital expenditures this past year and the share repurchases we made in 2007. Cash flow from operating activities was a $106.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, driven primarily by improvements in working capital. For the year 2007, we achieved a record $399.4 million in cash from operations. Although we came up just short of the $400 million mark, we look forward to the opportunities to achieve another record in 2008 by breaking through the $400 million level. In 2007, priorities for our cash included completing our multiyear capital expansion project for which we spent $179 million, dividend payments of $90 million and share repurchases totaling a $154 million. Back in July, we announced a 4 million share accelerated repurchase program. This was completed by the beginning of December. Looking forward to 2008 we expect to execute in the first quarter, our normal 10b5-1 share repurchase program to offset the dilutive impact of long-term stock-based incentive programs. We have a total of 5.1 million shares remaining in our Board authorization for share repurchase and we will also make opportunistic share repurchases during the year. Now I will turn the call over to Henry for more details on the 2008 outlook and capital spending.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Gene. We do expect many of the same challenges that we dealt with in 2007 to continue into 2008. These challenges include volatility around resin costs. This volatility is not only driven by the cost of oil and natural gas but also by the global demand for resins. The current economic conditions are another serious headwind for Bemis. Whether or not, we are currently in a technically defined recession. In these markets that we serve, the consumer is acting like we are in recession. As we enter, 2008 we have already made many improvements that will help offset the negative economic impact to these issues. During 2007, we took the world-class manufacturing practices used successfully in our South American operations and began implementing them in our European flexible packaging operations. This program affected a change in a way that we operate in Europe that will improve our profit potential in that region in the years to come. We have also expanded these world-class manufacturing practices to our operations in Mexico and in 2008, we will begin programs of selective locations in our U.S operations. These programs incorporate improved performance measurement disciplines with accountability at all levels of a plant organization and I am confident that we will quickly see these programs deliver visible and measurable improvement to our operations. We have adjusted workforce and production schedules to accommodate more volatility in production volume levels that comes from the weaker demand environment we are in and we have made some select changes to our management structure to bring more cost focus to those specific operations. Looking forward to 2008, we expect diluted earnings per share for the first quarter to be very similar to the past two quarters in the $0.40 to $0.43 per share range. For the total year, we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of a $1.78 to a $1.88, demonstrating growth from our 2007 results. Obviously the results of the year will be impacted by the severity and geography of the global recession as well as pressure on raw material costs. That said, we are confident that the new business opportunities that we have in front us will support our growth expectations. We expect 2008 to be another record year of cash flow from operations. Our priorities for cash flow in 2008 continue to be acquisition opportunities, dividend payments, new capital expenditures and share repurchase opportunities. In 2008, our capital spending will slow substantially from recent levels. Next year, we expect to spend about $125 million on plant and equipment. This is compared to spending levels ranging between $158 million to $187 million over the past three years as we build up our capacity, and our capabilities, in a number of key product and technology platforms. Now with this capacity in place, we have the right tools to drive growth in the high value-added product lines, using improved mix to boost both the top and the bottom lines in 2008. This includes our investment in our polyester platform used primarily for meat and cheese packaging, our new and expanded medical device facilities, our new proprietary polypropylene and polyester sealant films for livestock applications, and additional capacity for multipack. In addition, we have invested in unique pressure-sensitive adhesive coating capabilities for our technical products. We have positioned ourselves to capture opportunities to add case-ready meat packaging and pharmaceutical packagings to our product lines, both of which are growing markets with great opportunities incorporated by unique packaging technologies. In our more competitive markets, we continue to focus on taking cost out of the process and improve profit margins. In 2008, we have a targeted list of improvements to make to those markets that will further reduce our costs, improve our customer service, improve our quality and strengthen our competitive position. Regionally, we are pleased with our European platform for proprietary film materials and expansion of our polyester platform to Western Europe and expect to use those assets to fuel growth in 2008 and beyond. Our South American operations are growing with the regional economy and serve as the packaging leader in that region. We do expect Asia to be a focus for growth over the next few years, as we establish ourselves in the region. We currently have a plant in Malaysia that we expanded recently to accommodate food packaging in addition to its legacy medical device packaging products. Today, I am pleased to announce our commitment to establish a greenfield converting facility near Shanghai, China. This plant is located near existing customers and represents a low-risk entry point from which to grow our presence in the Chinese market. Although, we are facing many macroeconomic issues as we enter 2008, I believe we are in great position of entering the New Year and with the expansion over the last few years behind us, our business teams can now focus on our growth opportunities. We will now open up for any questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you Mr. Theisen. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically.[Operator Instructions]. We will go to our first question from Ghansham Panjabi with Wachovia.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Hi guys, good morning.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Two related questions if I could. First off are you expecting any sort of resident relief in your '08 guidance, may be in the back half of the year?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Henry do you want to answer that question
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: No we are not expecting any, what we have built into our plan is flat resin.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Flat versus the end of the first quarter or would you project --
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: Flat at the end of the first quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Okay, alright. And then just in terms of your overall business, particularly flexible packaging, have you seen any change in the market environment during the fourth quarter. For example is December better than October and also how is January tracking? Thanks so much.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: Ghansham, as far as tracking the business in December, it was fairly weak in flexible packaging, but January has started off very strong. So we are encouraged by that. But we have had a couple of years in a row 2006 and 2007, where we had a weak December and then followed up with a good January. So it's a little to early to say but we are encouraged by the strong order intake and shipments that we have seen in January to-date. So little too early tell but we are encouraged.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Steven Nissan with Mindflow Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes thanks very much guys. Congratulations on a decent quarter in a very challenging market.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: You guys have talked about obviously this year is going to be very, very challenging for your company, and also the industry as a whole. Going forward what are going to be your operational proven initiatives, regarding meat manufacturing, and Six Sigma throughout plants so that you can improve throughput and how you prepare to see some benefits of that impact?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Steven as we mentioned in our call, I have mentioned in last quarter's call, we have a real commitment to changing the culture of Bemis Company and putting more focus on the cost side. We have always done a very good job on leading with technical innovation. But the commitment to cost is really becoming the number one commitment for our company right now, especially in some of the businesses that are more affected by lower margin product offerings. We have not only commitments with ourselves, but we have commitments that we have made with outsiders that are helping us in accomplishing the goals that we have and we will be looking for millions of dollars of cost tick out and I don't want go through each individual operation, but just as an example in our largest flexible packaging business, we are looking at about $25 million of hard cost take out in 2008. So we do have plans for each specific business unit and we will accomplish those, as we go through the year.
Unidentified Analyst: : My follow up to the question, going forward from main issue, one metric that you guys are going to be using to measure if you may have to make sure you are productive, are you looking at OEE, and also going forward what systems and solutions are you going to be putting in place to accelerate these great CI initiatives, Continues to Improve initiatives, so we can see the improvement in the stock price.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: OEE is a measurement that we will be incorporating throughout our company and as Henry mentioned, we are rolling it out in a number of locations in North America as we speak. But that's a good point. We will be measuring OEE and that will be good one to help us track the progress that we are making in the cost take out and productivity improvement area.
Operator: And we will now go to Ross Gilardi with Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thank you.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Ross.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Good morning Jeff, I just had a question, your CapEx guidance; so you are guidance to $125 million for 2008. I understand that several of your larger projects are hopefully now behind you. Do you think the $125 millionish-type range is a level that's sustainable several years out?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Ross it's our objective to be more disciplined at how we look at capital expenditure going forward. We do feel that we have spent in the right areas in the past couple of years to expand the platforms that we know, drive the new products and the higher margin products that we feel, we have a competitive advantage with. But we are certainly going to be flexible enough that if good opportunities do come forward that we are not going to say no, that we will be flexible in our ability to capitalize on good opportunities. But we are taking a very disciplined approach and we feel that $125 million is a good number for us for 2008.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: And can you guys just elaborate a little bit on how you are taking up your best practices from South America to European and now you are... some of your North American facilities?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In South America, we were very surprised when we made the acquisition of Dixie Toga, a couple of years ago, to how disciplined our manufacturing and management team was down there as far as cost control. And they had a number of techniques that they used and one of them was following OEE that we weren't using in the rest of our locations around the world. And instead of starting over from scratch, we thought we would take those good ideas and in fact, we moved some of the people from South America to other regions in the world. The individual heading up our manufacturing organization in Europe now actually came from South America and was a leader in that region of the world. So, we have been taking those good techniques from South America, moving them to Europe, moving them to Mexico, moving them to the U.S. and just taking those the systems and utilizing them. As we know that they have been proven and that we will roll those out in the rest of the regions of the world as we go through 2008.
Operator: And Claudia Houston [ph] from J.P. Morgan has our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks very much, good morning.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Claudia.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Just a couple of question on the flexible packaging business. When I look at margins in our business, they were pretty flat quarter-to-quarter, but were down year-over-year and I guess just as I think about 2008, you have given all the attention on the cost reduction. I mean how much of that should we expect really translate to margins in 2008 and sort of how should we think of the timing of that going forward?
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Claudia, obviously the big issue we have with the margin in both of our business units and we are really talking about Flexible to start with here is what's going on with raw materials. And we do have raw materials that have increased in the fourth quarter of 2007 that need to be passed through the marketplace. And Gene had mentioned that we are lagging in those pass throughs and that's just how it works with our process and how we accomplish the passers. So we are lying on those and now that we are sitting here looking at what's going to happen in the first quarter of 2008. We know that there are announced increases for polyethylene products that remains to be seen. What's actually going to happen but they have been announced and the manufacturers of those products do have a global marketplace that they are looking at. So if those raw material costs go into place... increases is going to place [ph] we will be lagging on those through the first quarter of the year. That's why we made comments about the uncertainty within the first half with what happens with resin. And then, we are thinking that in the balance of the year, the later part of the year that those raw material increases could disappear. But we don't know that's for sure that's just what we are using in our planning. So that's a big part of what happens to our margin going forward. Now as far as our cost take our programs, we would like to be able to say that we can generate through cost savings all of the other inflation that we have in the business, we can cover that by good ideas that come out of our operating people, by using the techniques that we have put in place. So that the raw material increases we need to pass those through. All the other inflation that we have in the business; it's our objective to pass on that and cover it with a cost take out. So we don't pass out longer our customers will only pass on the raw material increases.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright that's really helpful I appreciate it. And then just as a follow-up on the Flexible side. I was hoping that you just talk a little bit more about the commercialization of the new products you have got for the first half of the year and may be just a little bit more color on sort of early market penetration and how you're seeing those products in market. Thanks.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: We have talked about... this is Henry. We have talked about our polyester platform and we talked in the past of all the bacon package at Oscar Meyer and we are seeing that style package grow across other ones in meat product lines. We are seeing interest in the cheese area, we see interest in other areas involving the rigid polyester. The program of using polyester as a sealant in Europe for instance in rigid applications is gaining ground. We are seeing gains and grounds in polyester sealants and polypropylene sealants at various livestocks I have talked about and another key area that we see growth is in the stick pack in the powder drinks and the convenience features that that brings. So those are just some of the products that we are introducing in the last part of 2007 and starting to get traction in '08.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Another good one Claudia too is the kind of the revolutionizing again the cheese package that's in the marketplace. Bemis Company for the last 50 years has led natural cheese packaging and have always come out with the leading material in this market and in 2007, we started offering the new generation of cheese packaging and that's getting a good acceptance in the marketplace. And what happens in any product offering you come out with the leadership position and over time your competitors' kind of start knocking away at your competitive advantage. Then you have to come out with a new offering and this will be a really over a 30... excuse me, over 50 years. So, it really be our third generation of new materials for cheese packaging. So it goes to show how long once you do have a new product, how long it can last. But we are very excited that new offering in the marketplace.
Operator: And we'll now go to Tim Thein with Citi for our next question.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Yes thank you. Hi good morning.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Tim.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: My first question is on the... could you just remind if you can in terms of your contracts breakdown within, again within Flexibles in terms of when in a... the breakdown between the contract that have escalators in them as well as the open contracts, and when you think should the first quarter or second quarter whenever it is marked, a hopeful peak in the commodity resin cycle win, you think your price realizations will start to catch up with that and then the second part, Jeff if its possible, can you just kind of generalize in terms of the tone from some of your negotiations with your... or your talks rather with your many customers in terms of their new products launch initiatives for 2008. Have they seen a step up or is that a step down in terms of their aggressiveness given that the raw material cost inflation and input cost inflation that the meat and cheese manufacturers had been facing. Thank you.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well Tim, I wish I could give you a simple answer on the pricing question. Unfortunately, our pricing depending on what business unit you're in is all over the place. We have customers that... well first we have probably 50% to 60% of our total business in flexible packaging that is contract with escalator de-escalators and then in some units it's even higher than that. But those price triggers are not consistent throughout the company. It's not like every quarter we raise price. Some of the contracts are still six-month contracts and obviously there we lag more than in the quarterly contracts. But they are not all triggered on calendar quarters, some are half way through a quarter. So it again depends on individual negotiating position with individual customers. So it kind of continues through the first quarter, we will catch up and then in the second quarter it could be other contracts that we will be catching upon at that time. As far as the climate with our customers with regard to new products, the largest food and consumer products companies that we have are always very, very keen on introduction of new products and the big piece of the business that we have in meat and cheese, all of those large meat companies are looking for innovative new products. So we are very comfortable continuing with them and see no slowdown there. Obviously we have customers that are concerned on what's being going on with the price of their product in the marketplace and how it's affected consumer demand. I know there has been discussion recently in the marketplace about the increased pricing that's going on for protein products and confectionery products out there and that certainly bothers our customers, and how that's going to effect the demand for their product. But they're all still very, very excited about new product offerings and we will continue to participate with them in those new products.
Operator: We will now go to Reik Read with Robert Baird and Company.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: Hey good morning. Jeff may be you could follow up on that last question and just with the state of rising food prices, can you talk a little bit about what that may be doing to the mix and if you can throw some geographic flavor in there as well, that would be great?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As far the mix we were encouraged in that the convenience packages that we are participating in a lot of, they still seem to be in a high demand. We haven't gotten to the point where the consumer has decided to go out and buy 50 pounds of beans and rice and change their daily diet. But there is a concern with our customers that there could be a shift in the... what's going on long-term. What we have been thinking here at Bemis Company in the latter part of 2007 is that there was possibly a kind of the individual inventory adjustment by the consumer household and that people were not wasting as much at home and they were kind of going through their pantries and making sure that everything was being used instead of maybe throwing out 30% or 40% of what you have in your home. We think that that's behind this, so as 2008 starts up that we should have more of our normal demand. But there is still a concern about what's happening when the price of wheat goes up by about 70% or so in 2007. How that's going to affect the consumption of bread and some of these other products that we package. But we are encouraged again in the fact that the convenience-type products still are very much at the top of the discussion with our customers. It's where they make the most margin and we feel that they are going to continue to stress those packages.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: Okay and then, just on the status of the margin improvement. Can you guys talk a little bit about the timing of the benefit in terms of the teams like Europe has furthest along than Mexico and North America. As you make these changes, when do you really start to see the benefit and can you also talk a little bit about the amount of charges that maybe coming as a result of these initiatives?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well as far as charges go, we are not going to have any charges for these. These are everyday ongoing expenses for the units and we are not going to be talking about charges for these cost take out programs. In Europe, we are having the benefit of good cost take out momentum and also the acceptance of these new products that we have been talking about for the last year. We are finally starting to get customers buying in reasonable quantities these newer higher margin materials. So we talked about margins in Europe lagging the U.S for quite some time and I think if you talk to anybody that's in this packaging world, they will talk about how depressed margins have been in Europe for a long time. And that's why we are taking this more of a specialty approach was what we do in Europe. But we are gong to start to see our margins climb in Europe and they have been a less then half of what we have in North America and we expect them to start gradually moving up and in 2008, they will better then they were in 2007. To talk a little bit about Mexico; Mexico we brought a depressed money losing operation a number of years ago and has taken as longer than we expected to get our heads above water. And in 2008, we expect to be there. We are starting to get sales momentum in that region and we have a good management team in place now that understands the objectives. And you put that together with the cost take out efforts and we are going to see good improvement again in Mexico. We had good improvement in 2007 over 2006 and 2008 will be better yet. The real challenge for us in 2008 is in right here in our own backyard in North America, where it's been traditionally a highest profit generating part of our flexible packaging business and we need to see cost take out become a bigger and bigger part of what our teams accomplish here. So there's going to be a lot of discussion and a lot of work being done right here in our own backyard to move the margins back up, and that will happen. We are confident going into 2008 and we will make the plan that we put in front of you.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Hey guys, Good morning.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: How are you? Jeff I just wanted to come back to that question. If productivity benefits are going to offset inflation in North America and pricing is going to offset resin ultimately, obviously there is some natural lag in your contracts. How do you actually get margins to improve then in North America, because as they were described, those two functions are basically a push. So how should we see margins expand in North America from the way you described it and then secondly, can you be a bit more specific within Europe in flexible packaging, what type of dollar or a percentage margin improvement should we see in margins in 2008? Thanks.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi George, we have spent a lot of time talking about cost in this call, but the real driver of our long-term growth and health is new product innovation. And we do have a lot of new products that are coming out into the marketplace as we talk. The expansion of our polyester-type products which are extremely good margin items for us and we have invested heavily in this area in the last couple of years. That's going to help us move margin up. Our new cheese packaging material that I talked a little bit about, that's going to help us improve margin. So we're continuing to work on those new products and we have them in every business unit and those are still a big, big part of the future of Bemis Company. So, part of that is called off to little bit too much emphasis on cost, but innovation is still extremely important and that's where we are going to get the margin improvement. As we started driving volumes in these new products, which have a very high margins that drives right to the bottom line. As far as the European margin improvement, like as I have mentioned before it has been operating at about half of what or less than half of what North America has been operating and we are expecting that to go up a couple percentage points in Europe. It's still going to have us lagging North America quite a bit, but its moving in the right direction. And we combine that new product offerings that we have along with the cost take out plan and I think we have some fairly reasonable goals to get there in Europe.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning. Just a following up on Europe; any sense over in Europe that we are seeing any kind of ripple effects in terms of slowing, in terms of European demand?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not in the specialty businesses that we are working in, but as far as the overall economy, I think there has been talk about Europe slowing. So like we have ripple effect around world what happens in the U.S. is not decoupled from the rest of the world. There still is a coupling and there is concern about the overall economy there. But we feel with our approach, more of a specialty approach that it's not really going to affect this. We are going to concentrate on the convenience features over there, like we are concentrating on here and that will be a positive for us.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, just if possible for you to give us a little more color on that Chinese project that you outlined this morning, what particular markets you are going to be aiming at?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think Henry is our Chinese expert here. So he will give you an update on that.
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: It really is a converting operation, where we will be putting in some equipment to service the medical business that we have. We currently service a substantial amount of medical business out of our Malaysia facility and that will put it closer to the customer. And then we have also started to get some sales in the protein market in the Chinese area and this will give us an opportunity to better service those customers. So we see it both in our food packaging arena and in our medical device packaging.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark and I think it's important that as you know that we do have sales in China to say we have not been producing in China. So this will be our first production site in China. So we do have sales and sales people in place over there and now they will just be selling product that's manufactured right there near Shanghai.
Operator: And we will now go to Sanjita Jain with Lehman Brothers.
Sanjita Jain - Lehman Brothers: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The first question I had was --
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Sanjita.
Sanjita Jain - Lehman Brothers: Hi how are you?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Great.
Sanjita Jain - Lehman Brothers: The first one on Europe, just following up on Mark's question. Can you tell us if you are seeing any... I understand your competitive positioning, but if you are seeing any signs of consumer slowdown the kind that you saw in the U.S. last year. And also in South America if you are seeing any coupling effect from the U.S. slowdown. And secondly on your overall tax rate; your tax rate has been coming down for three years in a row and I was just hoping for some guidance on how we should look at 08 tax rate? Thanks.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well Sanjita as far as the European economy goes and how would it affect us, we can make the macro... again the macro statement that there is probably a slowdown starting in Europe, following what's going on in North America. It hasn't been affecting us, because we have really been pushing the sale of these new products that we have been talking in about for the last few quarters and our management team over there in Europe is pretty bullish on being able to sell more of that product in 2008. So we are feeling good about that and again coupling with that with our cost take out plans over there. We are comfortable with our planning for 2008 in Europe. And in South America, South America we saw a volume growth in 2007. We expect additional volume growth in 2008. In past calls, we had commented about some of the difficulties that we have had in Brazil, in particular and the fact that their currency have strengthened so much that it has allowed them to be kind of what we call being attacked by all of the surrounding countries that have had weaker currencies. So we have had a some effect down there with good volumes, but with price problems. So in 2008, we are starting up a packaging operation in Argentina to the help with sales to our Argentina customers and we are going to continue to watch with what happens with the currency in Brazil compared to the surrounding region down there. We are still very bullish on South America. We have a very good management team down there and it's a part of the world where we would like to continue to grow. And so we will be looking at available acquisitions down there and we will be continuing to expand our capabilities down there. And Gene is going to answer the question on taxes, because he is our tax expert here or Melanie may be.
Gene C. Wulf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I will take that question. As you look at our tax rate going forward you can expect it to be nominally 37%, little bit below 36.8% to 37% out of your good guide for you in 2008.
Operator: And Chris Manuel with KeyBanc Capital Markets has our next question.
Chris Manuel - Key Banc Capital Markets: Good morning gentlemen.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Chris.
Chris Manuel - Key Banc Capital Markets: If I kind of connect the dots from some of your answers and discussion from previous questions, it sounds like cost pressures sort of offset by productivity and resin by price et cetera and some of the last, I think starting November or December of last year or actually of '06 is when the volumes decline so to began. It sounds like moving forward, you are anticipating that base volumes begin to improve. What sort of volume levels do you have embedded into your full year earnings guidance?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: We have volume guidance increase of what we have in our plan trying to remember, say 6% to 7% volume. In our flexible business 6% to 7% volume increase, we have in our plan for 2008. One other things that we have committed ourselves to, Chris is that we are going to defend the house, is some of the terminology our people are using and we are a major player in packaging in North America and we are going to be aggressive with how we look at businesses that are put out for bid and we combine that with a strong cost take out program that we will be able to compete in that market. So, we are going to be not allowing competitors to as easily come in and take volume away from being in this company. But we are going to be more aggressive on the sales side of our business.
Chris Manuel - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay that's helpful. And then my second follow up question is, as you think about some of the cost take out opportunities that you have, I think you mentioned in your biggest business, I guess I am assuming that's probably your meat and cheese business that you had about $25 million or so of cost available to take out is. When you are talking about that cost take out, is that sort of a net number of you would expect in EBIT or an operating could have proven and would it be fair to assume that something for a whole company might be... or what would you assume for a whole company?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that number right in front of me here Chris but the... those are hard dollars that we are talking about and those are goals for one of our largest business units and I don't have that. Henry, do you have a better feel for that right in front of you there?
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: No I don't have --
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's one, we will have to get back at you at the next call. We will try to have a little better number around that.
Operator: And we will now go to Tim Burns with Cranial Capital.
Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital: The question I got for you is what will you be seeing innovation in chicken feet packaging with this Chinese initiative?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I know I understand it's a quite a delicacy, Tim. So you probably know more than we do about that but, we are going to be initially looking at expanding our medical business and just kind of having a base for our sales people up there or over there to sell some of the more higher value-added products that we manufacture at the Bemis Company. But it's not a humor, as we do have a big position in South America with Sadia and that's one of their big --
Henry J. Theisen - President and Chief Operating Officer: Export spot.
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Export businesses is chicken feet to China. So there is a demand for that product we know that.
Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital: Good I hope you guys get a big share there. The last couple of years have been you know not only difficult from an economic standpoint, resin cost standpoint, but I just get the sense and just on the house type thing. It truly reflects the fact that you're meeting more competition than you have in the past. You are now speeding up innovation and you are now taking out costs. It sounds like you are taking on some of these competitors in their core markets. Cups, lids, case-ready beefs etc. We have one of the big guys relatively focused on other matters and maybe, maybe in either of the cases there's been some volume grab if you will to make things look better, but does this settle down now? I just get the sense that you guys aren't going to take any crap moving forward. We have seen that at OI where they were the best supplier and they weren't going to just give in on price but they would walk away from bad business. Am I seeing that correctly?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Tim you know, what's going on in the marketplace as well as anyone, there's always things that are happening that affect the overall in the macro business and things that are kind of out of your control. All we can do at Bemis Company is to put ourselves into a position to do what is best for our shareholders and employees and customers and we are going to continue to do that and we are going to hopefully do it better than most if not all of those that we compete with. We feel that we have the financial resources to do that, we have the experience, we have the best experience that's out there consistent, it's been there for 150 years, some of us feel like we have been there for more than a 150 years. But we're going to be doing the right things for our company and leading with elevation and we are not going to take a backseat to anybody on innovation. But we are going to make sure that we are going to be able to compete in all other markets that we have traditionally been competing at and we are not going to let people come in and just kind of knock us off, because they think we are rolling over a high-class supplier. So that mentality and culture is being talked about every time we get together with our management team and we are very serious about it. So I think we are in good shape and going in to 2008 and our goal is to perform and do what we are telling you we are going to do for the year and not be a disappointment as we have been in 2007.
Timothy Burns - Cranial Capital: Hey Jeff, the European market you have done study after study looking at various components of packaging and you are right; the profitability is anywhere from a 100 to 300 basis points lower. A lot of it has to do with I guess the kingdoms throughout each country that weren't willing to join the Pan-Europeanization as big consumer product company set up one shop to serve the entire market. Are you guy... and obviously legacy costs and severance costs so in and so forth, but are you guys better positioned now to drop in plans to serve such customers?
Jeffrey H. Curler - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right now we are the best positioned, we have been and since we have made our foray into Europe. We have a good leadership from a manufacturing standpoint. We have our sales team in place now. As you know, we got to where we at by making a number of acquisitions and we have acquired a lot of different cultures that really weren't inline was we were trying to do. So we are in a best position and then we have been in the past and it's... we are going to continue to work the plan that we have since the beginning of being a kind of mix supplier of value-added products that deliver convenience and are very good for our customers. So I think we are finally starting to get a little bit over the hump there in that region of the world.
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer: Operator. Are there any other questions?
Operator: And it appears that there are no further questions at this time
Melanie E. R. Miller - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer: Alright, thank you. As Jeff mentioned we are proud to be celebrating our 150th anniversary this year and to kick off our celebration, we will be celebrating at the New York Stock Exchange this Thursday with the ringing of the closing bell. More details about this event will be sent out tomorrow. This ends our conference call for today. Thank you all for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference. Thank you for your participation and please have a wonderful day.
