===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to International Paper’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] And it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Michele Vargas, Director of Investor Relations. Ma’am, the floor is yours.
Michele Vargas: Thank you, Krista. Good morning and good afternoon. And thank you for joining International Paper’s first quarter 2025 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Andy Silvernail, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Lance Loeffler, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward-looking statements can be found in our press releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter earnings press release and today’s presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Michele. Good morning, good afternoon, everybody. I’m going to start on Slide 3. Tomorrow I’ve been in the role for a year. The milestone is a good opportunity to reflect on a year of substantial change. As I look back, I’m excited about our progress. The team that I’m privileged to lead has embraced our transformation, moving with urgency and open mind. I see the desire everywhere to win for this company, along with a willingness to embrace a culture of safety above all else. During this first year together, we’ve deployed our 80/20 approach to drive transformational change at IP. This began by focusing and over-serving our 80 customers by aligning our people, assets and investment with what creates value for them and to drive profitable growth. We’ve made investments across our business to drive step team improvements in service and reliability and to grow in our most attractive markets. We’re building our execution muscle to drive commercial excellence and significant cost out across the company. Most recently, we’ve welcomed our DS Smith colleagues and we are well on our way to being stronger together. We’ve come a long way in a short time and I see significant opportunity ahead as we accelerate our 80/20 execution and continue on our transformation journey. I’m moving to Slide 4. At our Investor Day last month, we shared our ambitions for the next few years. We’ve outlined the three pillars of our strategy designed to drive sustainable value creation. It begins with building an advantaged cost position, which provides a foundation to drive additional investments and build the right capabilities to serve our customers with excellence. By building a superior customer experience, we will win profitable market share. This virtual cycle will drive high relative supply position, enabling us to build advantage capabilities and strengthen customer offerings while increasing scale and further reducing structural costs. Before I turn to the next slide, let me outline my specific goals for today’s call. First, I’ll give an overview of what we have accomplished over the previous year. I’m incredibly proud of the focus, commitment and tireless work across the teams in North America and EMEA. Second, we will address the realities of the economic noise and the impact on our businesses of consumer sentiment. I’ll provide a current view of what we’re seeing in the market. Finally, we’ll go through in detail how we’re working to control our own destiny to stay on our transformational trajectory. And the first half of the year, we’ll be at nearly $800 million of run rate quarterly EBITDA, accelerating to $1.1 billion by Q4. We are on a transformational journey. The external world is a little wild right now. I’ve been involved in a lot of challenging moments from 9/11 to the Great Recession to COVID. We’re going to stay focused on the strategy, tireless in our execution and resolute in building a great company. We’re moving now to Slide 5. Here’s another slide that we shared with you at Investor Day, which provided our earnings targets for 2025, including financial goals for each of our businesses and the underlying market assumptions. At our Investor Day, we noted that we had seen a tick down in demand when the tariff conversation first started. After the trade discussions escalated a week later, we saw another negative shift in demand. Despite the uncertainty about the macro landscape, we are controlling the controllables with a focus on driving commercial wins and inefficiencies out. Regardless of the macro environment, our job is to win for our customers, create a great place to work, and position IP for long-term profitable market share growth. At current demand levels, we can deliver for the year. It’s impossible to predict the next few months as much as being driven outside of normal market forces. Regardless, we will remain vigilant and work to accelerate our strategy if demand falters further. This is a self-help story. I’m now turning to Slide 6. You can see our current view of the demand environment. Industry demand in North America was down 2% in the first quarter, and based on our order patterns, we expect that level of demand to continue into the second quarter. Demand across the European markets was soft in the first quarter as expected, and we expect it to remain stable in the second quarter on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In both regions, demand has been stable in April, but we’re very cautious about the outlook given the strong negative consumer and business sentiment. Given the wide-ranging uncertainty and volatility, we’re prepared for three very different scenarios. If the demand environment remains stable going forward, I’m confident we remain on track to deliver the targeted range of earnings improvements. If we see meaningful deterioration in the economic environment, it’s likely we’d fall below our range. We would take appropriate countermeasures to ensure that we remain highly competitive while funding our strategy and our dividend. Alternatively, if the economic environment improves, we still feel good about the upper end of our earnings target. With our transformational initiatives, along with our strong balance sheet, IP is well-positioned to navigate various macro environments. I’m now moving to Slide 7. As I mentioned up front, we’ve accomplished a great deal in a year, but we have much to do. We have solid momentum on our actions to drive significant costs out of our system by reducing complexity and reinvesting to build our advantage cost position. As I shared in Investor Day, we are targeting $1.9 billion of cost out after inflation by the end of 2027. We’ve already taken actions across the company to drive approximately 50 -- $400 million of annual cost savings while also pushing more resources closer to the customer. As we continue to accelerate 80/20 across North America and Europe, we have line of sight to an additional $200 million of savings opportunities by the end of 2025 and the synergy that we’ve outlined for DS Smith. We are laser focused on achieving significant synergies from the combination of IP and DS Smith. After a very successful launch of our 80/20 lighthouses in Chicago and Atlanta, we are now rolling out our 80/20 performance system to more than 75 box plants across North America by the end of the year. We have also launched two lighthouses in our mill system to deploy 80/20 across that system. We are focusing to further optimize our mill and box plant footprint while driving down sourcing and supply chain costs. We have tremendous opportunities throughout the company to reduce complexity and drive out costs. I’m now moving to Slide 8. We also have opportunities to drive significant earnings improvement through commercial excellence. We’re targeting $1.1 billion of commercial improvement benefits by the end of 2027 and we believe we are on track to achieve approximately $600 million of run rate benefits by the end of this year. We’ve made significant changes to improve our capabilities to over serve our 80s customers, which includes investing in our people and our operations. In order to over serve our 80s customers, we put more resources closer to the customer by investing in commercial capabilities and improving the customer experience. As a result of this strategy, we’ve significantly improved our service and on-time delivery, which has resulted in best-in-class Net Promoter Score. During the first quarter, our Packaging Solutions business in North America continued to improve commercially, closing our volume gap to market by approximately 500 basis points. This was 100 basis points better than we expected. Given our momentum, we expect to close this gap and grow at or above the market by the fourth quarter of this year. We will continue to invest in capabilities to improve the customer experience and drive profitable market share growth. We are committed to building a customer-centric culture across the International Paper, and I’m excited about the opportunity to leverage the strong capability that has long existed at DS Smith. Importantly, we launched 80/20 at DS Smith immediately after the close. We have a rigorous implementation schedule which will catalyze our synergy goals of $600 million to $700 million. So now let’s turn to our performance and outlook on Slide 9. Going forward, for financial reporting purposes, we will have three reporting segments. We will report legacy IP and DS Smith businesses in North America as Packaging Solutions North America. We will refer to legacy IP and DS Smith businesses in EMEA as Packaging Solutions EMEA. Importantly, in North America, we are going to go-to-market commercially and for our people as International Paper, while in Europe, we are leveraging the outstanding brand equity by going to market as DS Smith and International Paper Company. Regardless, excuse me, regarding our Global Cellulose Fiber business, the strategic option process is ongoing. We have a number of interested parties in the due diligence phase. No changes are expected to our timeline and we remain focused on achieving the right value for the business. Now I’ll share some highlights and then I’ll turn it over to Lance who will walk you through the details. I’m now on Slide 10. Our first quarter results reflected higher sales and earnings driven by the DS Smith acquisition, sales price increases in North America, benefits from transformation initiatives and some favorable non-recurring items which Lance will cover later. These items also contribute to stronger adjusted EBITDA margins in the quarter. As a result of our commercial strategy, we made good progress reversing the slide in our North American Packaging business while executing price increases. Executing our transformation strategy results in various one-time items that impact earnings and free cash flow. This quarter, our earnings per share were impacted by accelerated depreciation charges related to our footprint optimization initiatives. Our free cash flow came in as expected and was impacted by $670 million related to investments in our transformation including severance costs and DS Smith transaction costs. This amount also includes this year’s incentive compensation payout. For the full year, we still expect to be in the range of $100 million to $300 million of free cash flow as we communicated on Investor Day. As we look to the second quarter, we expect flat adjusted EBITDA and higher earnings per share sequentially. We will have the non-repeat of accelerated depreciation from the first quarter, a full quarter of Packaging Solutions EMEA results, and additional realization from prior sales price index moves. We are actively executing our prior price increases. Our cost out actions will continue to ramp up and we expect seasonally higher box demand in North America. Offsetting these benefits will be higher planned outage spending and non-recurring items that were favorable in the first quarter. With that, let me turn it over to Lance to provide more details about our first quarter performance and the outlook. Thanks, Lance.
Lance Loeffler: Thanks, Andy. Now turning to Slide 11, let me provide some more details about the first quarter as we walk through the sequential earnings bridge. Just a quick note up front, this bridge shows the breakdown by category for the three months of legacy IP results. The two months of results related to the DS Smith legacy business are reflected in the last two categories of the bridge. So let’s begin. Overall, first quarter adjusted operating earnings per share was $0.23, as compared to a negative $0.02 in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the fourth quarter included accelerated depreciation related to our facility closures. Price and mix was higher by $0.02 per share in the first quarter, driven by the flow through prior price index movements in our North American Packaging business and energy credit sales in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Volume was flat sequentially across the businesses. Operations and costs were favorable by $0.05 per share sequentially due to improved performance and favorable non-recurring items, which includes insurance proceeds and lower costs associated with employee benefits, along with lower incentive compensation expense. Maintenance outages were flat sequentially and input costs were unfavorable by $0.01 per share due to higher energy costs early in the quarter, partially offset by lower fiber costs. Corporate items were favorable by $0.17 per share due to a lower tax rate as a result of favorable discrete items in the first quarter, primarily related to stock-based compensation. Depreciation expense was $0.02 unfavorable sequentially. As you will recall, accelerated depreciation was a $0.56 negative impact in the fourth quarter due to the closure of our Georgetown Mill and several box plants. Depreciation expense in the first quarter includes the closure of our Red River Mill and two months of depreciation for DS Smith, including the step-up in basis as a result of the acquisition. Lastly, earnings for the two months of the DS Smith legacy business accounted for $0.04 per share in the first quarter. Turning to the segments on Slide 12 and starting with our Packaging Solutions North America businesses first quarter results. Higher sales and adjusted EBITDA for this quarter reflect the addition of the DS Smith North American business, along with benefits from sales, sales price increases and cost-out actions. In addition, the business had $62 million of favorable non-recurring items, which I’ll cover on the next slide. Overall, market demand was softer than anticipated. However, as Andy mentioned earlier, it’s our belief that the business successfully closed the volume gap to market by approximately 500 basis points in the quarter as a result of our focus on commercial excellence. Our earnings also included approximately $190 million of accelerated depreciation associated with the decision to close the Red River Mill in the first quarter. Turning to Slide 13 and continuing on with the Packaging Solutions North America business. Price and mix in the first quarter was higher by $44 million due to price realization from prior index movement and open market sales. For the second quarter, we expect an additional price realization of approximately $25 million for those same index moves. Volumes were seasonably lower in the first quarter and we expect them to be stronger in the second quarter as we enter our heavy produce season. In addition, we expect the continued progress on growing our market position as a result of our commercial strategy focus. Operations and costs were $86 million favorable sequentially. This includes $62 million from lower costs associated with an employee medical benefits true-up and insurance proceeds related to last year’s Ixtac box plant fire. The balance is related to improvement initiatives and lower costs associated with employees’ incentive compensation. For the second quarter, the discrete items I mentioned are not expected to repeat and we also expect to have some additional ancillary maintenance costs due to timing. Plan maintenance outages are anticipated to be heavier in the second quarter, resulting in $33 million of higher costs. Depreciation expense was higher by $208 million in the first quarter, primarily due to accelerated depreciation associated with the closure of our Red River Mill. It also includes two months of depreciation for the DS Smith North American assets. Finally, the adjusted EBITDA contribution from our DS Smith operations in North America was $7 million for two months of the first quarter. Our second quarter outlook reflects three months of results for an additional $25 million. Now turning to slide 14, let me take a moment and share our view on the cost and commercial initiatives that we believe will enable us to achieve our stated 2025 adjusted EBITDA target in North America. As a result of our Red River Mill closure at the end of the first quarter, we expect these mill costs to wind down over the remainder of the year. In addition, we’ll continue to see benefits associated with system optimization and productivity improvement across our mill and box network. Lastly, we expect to realize synergies associated with the DS Smith acquisition. Regarding our commercial initiatives, we anticipate full realization from the February price index move along with seasonally higher volume in the second half of this year. We’ve made good progress in the first quarter growing with our customers and expect to close the volume gap to market by the fourth quarter. Moving on to our Packaging Solutions EMEA business on Slide 15. We are excited to join forces with the DS Smith team and expect to benefit from their strong customer-oriented and innovation-driven culture. We are laser focused on managing a seamless integration while accelerating significant synergy opportunities. As you can see, first quarter results benefited from two months of the former DS Smith European legacy business. In addition, we realized benefits from energy incentives received in the quarter as a result of energy efficiency projects implemented by our team at our Madrid Mill. As Andy mentioned earlier, we had expected an improving market environment coming into the year. However, market demand was softer than expected in the first quarter. We will continue to monitor this environment and focus on the things that we can control. Staying with our Packaging Solutions EMEA business and looking at the details on Slide 16. We are following a similar format as the EPS slide with the legacy DS Smith results largely reflected in the D&A and legacy EBITDA buckets. For IP’s legacy Packaging Business in EMEA, price and mix was lowered by $8 million sequentially from the realization of prior price decreases. Operations and costs were $26 million favorable sequentially, primarily due to lower incentive compensation and medical benefits expenses and a one-time benefit from energy incentives on efficiency projects in the business, which will not repeat in the second quarter. Depreciation in the first quarter includes $91 million from two months of DS Smith. In the second quarter, we will have one additional month of depreciation of approximately $4 million. Lastly, the adjusted EBITDA contribution from the legacy DS Smith business in EMEA was $104 million for two months of the first quarter. Our second quarter outlook reflects three months of results for an additional $85 million. Now turning to Slide 17. Let me also share our view on the costs and commercial initiatives we expect to deliver on our 20 -- we expect to use to deliver our 2025 adjusted EBITDA target. We have launched our 80/20 performance system in Europe in multiple regions and are pursuing our implementation plan across the mill and box networks there. By leveraging 80/20 and the strengths of the combined business, we believe there are significant profit improvement opportunities ahead. We also expect benefits from recent price increases to flow through this business. Turning to our Global Cellulose Fibers business on Slide 18. As you can see from the charts, the business generated strong adjusted EBITDA improvement as a result of strategic actions focused on the attractive fluff pulp market, while optimizing their mill footprint and significantly reducing their cost structure. As I turn to Slide 19, continuing on with the Cellulose Fibers business, price and mix was higher sequentially by $28 million in the first quarter due to energy credit sales and higher fluff mix. In the second quarter, we expect favorable price realization from prior index movements. Operations and costs were favorable sequentially by $23 million due to improved mill performance and lower costs associated with employee incentive compensation. We expect sustained mill performance to continue into the second quarter. Planned maintenance outages in the first quarter were lower than planned due to moving one of our outages into the second quarter. With that change, we expect outage costs to be approximately $36 million higher in the second quarter and will be through approximately 80% of the outage schedule in the first half of this year. And finally, we had a lower depreciation expense in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter, which included $222 million of accelerated depreciation associated with the Georgetown Mill closure. Turning to Slide 20, as you can see, we expect strong earnings improvement in the second half as we continue to ramp down costs associated with the Georgetown Mill closure. In addition, costs associated with planned maintenance outages are expected to be $96 million lower in the second half of this year. Lastly, we are continuing to implement previously published price increases across this business. With that, let me turn it back over to Andy. Andy?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Lance. I’m on Slide 21. What we’ve outlined here is the momentum we’re building in our North American and EMEA Packaging businesses. In this analysis, we’ve excluded GCF. You can get a sense of the progress in the core. We have clear line of sight to sustainable earnings improvement and feel very good about our progress. We’re building execution muscle across the company and are transforming IP into a performance-driven culture. Based on the actions we’ve taken, our run rate by the second half of the year will be approximately $4 billion annually adjusted EBITDA in the core Packaging business. This positions us well, putting us on a path to achieve our $5.5 billion to $6 billion target. I’m now turning to Slide 22. I’m confident we’re on the right path with the right people and the right approach. 80/20 is how we work. Our performance system drives breakthrough results by focusing our strategy and execution on the critical few, not the trivial many. We put our focus and investment against our best opportunities to win for our customers, our people and our owners. We will remain disciplined in driving an advantaged cost position, service and innovation excellence, and winning profitable market share. Before we turn to questions, I want to thank our 65,000 colleagues for their dedication to our transformation and commitment to win for our customers, our owners and our fellow teammates. It’s through you that we have the opportunity to build something very special. With that, Operator, let’s now pause and take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Phil. No Phil.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Sorry. I had an issue with my iPhone. Well, I appreciate all the great color you guys shared in the deck, and Lance, looking forward to working with you.
Lance Loeffler: Thanks. Same here.
Phil Ng: Encouraging you guys to reiterate your full year guide, I guess, kind of kick things off, Andy. I think you said demand trends were spotty, as you would imagine, February and March, and things kind of stabilized in April. So my question is to kind of hit…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Phil Ng: … the full year EBITDA guide you have laid out, whether it’s the midpoint or the low end of the full year guide, what kind of demand assumptions are you assuming, whether it’s North America and Europe?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Phil Ng: And how are order patterns kind of shaping up at this point? And you also gave us a downside recession scenario, any color around how we should think about where EBITDA is going to shake out in that environment?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. You bet, Phil. And great question, and obviously, the question we’re really focused in on outside of our own self-help. In terms of the demand environment right now, if demand stays where it is, we feel confident that we’ll land in between that $3.5 billion and $4 billion, if it were to stay that way. And right now in April, it has stabilized. That being said, I think we’ve all been paying attention to the consumer sentiment and the business sentiment out there, and obviously, the new numbers that came out this morning on first quarter GDP. If we see meaningful weakness from here, it’s going to stretch us. There’s no doubt about it. That gets really challenging if we see a tick down of a couple more, a couple 100 basis points. If you recall at the Investor Day, we were talking about a market growth rate, particularly in North America, of kind of 1% to 1.5%, somewhere in there. And given what happened in the marketplace, I think everyone saw the revision upward yesterday of the overall box demand in North America, which was down two. So that swing, call it a 3-point, 3.5-point swing, between expectations literally a few months ago. So if you went back to January, I think everyone felt pretty confident in that 1% to 1.5%. And so we’ve seen a pretty consistent tick down here, really in two steps. One was actually before our Investor Day. We saw that a little bit, and I mentioned that at the Investor Day. And then obviously the following week is when things, kind of the intensity ramped up around trade discussions. And we saw another step down after that. So, but importantly, Phil, and not directly to your question, but I think everyone ought to keep this in context, that gap we said that we would close throughout the year, kind of a U-shaped curve in terms of gap to market. We definitely started on the other side and we’re about 100 basis points better than what we had expected. If you recall, I had said I thought we’d be down about 7 in the first quarter. We were down 8, but that’s with a 3.5-point swing to market, right? And so the market swung that 3.5-points or 3-points relative to where our expectation was. And so I feel really good about our gap closure to market. Finally, to put a point on your question, look, this is all going to be about, the variance that we’re talking about right now is all going to be driven by the top end of the market. I think our initiatives are in excellent stead relative to the commercial side and on the cost side in North America. And effectively, right, if we see a weakening market, there are a handful of levers that we’re prepared to pull. And frankly, some of them we’re pulling now. So one is to accelerate our strategy of cost out, right? We’re going as fast as we can. What would allow us to go faster, right, if you end up with a demand gap, you have more options around excess capacity. And so you can move quicker around those things. That’s not obviously not the situation we want, but we have a full schedule laid out. If you look at it -- if we had kind of a big program chart in front of you, you’d see the next two and a half, three years laid out of execution points of how we’re laying that out across our system in North America and in Europe. And so we would just pull some stuff forward. On the commercial side, I’m really encouraged by a couple of things. One, that gap closure I talked about. But what enabled that gap closure is winning in local markets. We actually saw in the first quarter we were on the positive side of the ledger in terms of the market -- in terms of winning market share in the first quarter locally. So in that kind of niche local business, that’s a really good sign that the focus we put in on the right customers with the right people and the right assets, the right incentive systems, is starting to pay off. With the gap to market was all on kind of large contract business that has multiyear cycles. And so these are decisions that were made last year and even two years ago that we’re now lapping into the back half of the year. So accelerate the cost out if things weaken and keep the focus on commercially on winning market share. That’s where we really need to be, Phil.
Phil Ng: Super. If I heard you correctly, $3 billion to $5 billion -- $3.5 billion to $4 billion EBITDA target, as long as demand’s kind of in this zip code, I would call it down 2% if I heard you correctly. You’ll feel pretty good about it.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. If you look at where we are right now, Phil. If you kind of look at these demand levels with normal seasonal patterns, we would land in that $3.5 billion to $4 billion. It would be towards the mid-to-lower end, to be clear. But it would be in that $3.5 billion to $4 billion range. The upside scenario, right, is if we get some solution to some of these issues, so we’ve seen it already a couple of different times as things have gyrated. That sentiment can turn pretty quickly. And look, there is enormous amount of pent-up demand to outlay capital in a lot of places around the year. I think the excitement that we saw in January was excitement around the pent-up demand around business investment and even consumer sentiment to a lesser degree. But that business demand into which really curtailed that has been that sentiment. And everyone I talk to, my peers, customers, investment community, everyone’s experiencing that. And obviously, we’re a really good barometer of what’s happening in the economy. So, yeah, Phil, you’ve nailed that exactly right in terms of your expectation of where we would land depending upon the demand scenario.
Phil Ng: And then given the tariffs and trade flow dynamic, your pulp business, I would imagine, is probably most sensitive to tariffs because about half that business goes to Asia, a big part of that’s China. It doesn’t sound like demand’s been impacted. I mean, what you’re guiding is demand’s pretty stable. But curious, what do you see on the order side of things? Has that impacted conversations as you kind of looked from a strategic review? And then just lastly, on the containerboard business…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Phil Ng: … appreciating you export a lot less, but help us think through the potential impact for reciprocal tariffs on your containerboard business?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, Phil, let me answer that question directly. And then let me do a little bit of a side turn and just talk about impact of tariffs just generally. I think that’s important to note. So, for GCF, yes, we’ve got a bunch of business that goes to Asia, but you’re talking about mid-single digits risk from a demand scenario based on people having to go in different directions around where supply is. The reality is there aren’t easy replacements. You’re talking about really, really poor secondary replacements that those choices would be made on the lower end of the socioeconomic spectrum in places like Asia. But generally, it’s not like there are big alternatives you can just go jump to. And so we think there’s kind of mid-single digits of risk to the topline and then obviously how that flows through based on that, the flow of goods across the globe. And then a lot, and the reason I say mid-single digits is you probably have an increased amount that’s going to find its way into other parts of the marketplace that frankly are constrained right now. So, in that business, there are some pretty meaningful capacity constraints in that business globally. So you’ll have some relief from Asia. I don’t like the relief, but you’ll have some relief from Asia. The market’s still healthy in other places. So I feel like we’re generally going to be okay. Specific to your question of how it may affect the process, look, we’re not Pollyannas, and so, obviously people are going to look at that. We’ve had very good interest so far. People are deep into diligence, so that process is ongoing. But I’ve said in the past many times and I’ll reiterate again, this is about value. This is a high-quality business. It has more volatility than we like, and it’s not our core Packaging business. But as I’ve said many times, we’re not going to give it away. And so, it’s a matter of getting the value that we deserve for the business. On tariffs more broadly, and I think most people know this, we don’t have a lot of direct tariff effect, right? So we don’t ship a lot of stuff across borders that’s going to be impacted by the tariffs. Pretty much, I mean, almost all of the impact that we’re going to see, or the vast majority of the impact that we’re going to see, is going to be second-order effects. And really what happens to demand, therefore what happens to price, and what could happen to inflation. Obviously the scenario that everybody is concerned about is weakening demand plus inflation. We don’t see that scenario playing out so far. There’s no evidence of that, as you guys all know. We tend to have a natural hedge on if you get weakening demand, you tend to get weakening commodity prices. So that offsets itself in many ways. But that’s the biggest thing that we’re concerned about, is weakening demand, and then a third-order effect of price, and then potentially if you get a spike in inflation. That’s the kind of really dark scenario that at this stage we don’t see. But you got to at least consider it. You have to think about it. I think one of the big lessons that we’ve learned, all of us have learned to have been around for a while with some of these larger shocks to the system, is take advantage of it, right? You hate to do it, but when bad things happen like this, accelerate your strategy, double down. It’s those folks who frankly abandon their strategies that get in trouble. And we will leverage our capabilities, we’ll take the cost out, we’ll use our balance sheet like we did in the first quarter. Obviously, we expect cash flows to get a heck of a lot better through the back half of the year. There’s no reason to believe it won’t. We want to protect our dividend and we want to execute that strategy. And so, look, if I think of three years or four years from now, do I think that this moment in time is going to affect the economic outlook? Of course it will. Do I think we’ll be basically where we thought we’d be two months ago from a global economy? Yeah, I do. And so, we got to stick to the strategy and we got to execute.
Phil Ng: Really great color. Thank you, guys.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Roxland: Yeah. Thank you, Andy, Lance, Mark, and Michele for taking my questions, and congrats on all the progress.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Lance Loeffler: Thanks.
Mike Roxland: Just wanted to, Andy, follow up with you on that market position, the gaining share in North American market position with the local 80s. Could you provide just some more color about the share gains that you had there? Where was your share prior? Where does it stand now? And what are you doing to achieve those share gains, upgrading sales scores, improving reliability?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, Mike, the way to kind of separate our business is I would put, it’s between 60%, 70% or so of our business in there is what you would call national or super regional accounts, right? Those are large accounts that you’re doing business over multiple geographies. That’s 60% to 70% of our business. And the only reason I say 60% to 70% is you get the gray area once you start parsing it at those more local levels. So, you’ve got kind of 30%, 40% of the business that’s really local. And what I mean by that is, you’ve got business with a multinational consumer products company and then you’ve got business with Bob’s Mushroom Factory. And you do, right? And those are really important customers to ours. And frankly, coming out of the pandemic, as business boomed in our industry and capacity got constrained, we made a series of choices about choosing where we were going to allocate our capacity. And frankly, when service levels faltered and we didn’t invest back into our business the way we should have, we disappointed a lot of those small- to medium-sized customers. And so, we didn’t have capacity to offer them. So, the whole negative cycle of -- the negative sales cycle took effect plus kind of weak service offerings. The improvement started before I started. I’d love to take all the credit for it, but I can’t. Tom Hamic and team did an amazing job. And painful, right? They made some really brave choices over the last couple years. But they made the right choices, which were to reinvest back into the business, to drive service and reliability. Our on-time delivery has gone over two years from literally the high 80s to the high 90s in that two-year timeframe. And we’ve talked about the impact in Net Promoter Score. And so, as our sales people, our local sales people, think of it, we have two sales forces, right? We have a national sales force in North America. We have a regional or a key account sales force in Europe. And then in both geographies, you have people calling on those local sales, those local accounts. And so, we’ve gotten a lot more focused. We’ve hired more people. We’ve radically improved our service and reliability through investment. And frankly, segmentation, we’ve dedicated people to the right customer segment so you don’t have confusion as you’re servicing people. And so, we started to see that turnaround in that marketplace. It’s modest, to be clear. We’re not spiking the football yet or holding the trophy. But it’s -- we’ve seen consistent progress. And I think back to last summer, last summer when I first was looking at this, we were losing market share in that area, right? And that small- to medium-sized local customer, we were losing market share and we’re now holding our own and that’s a good sign.
Mike Roxland: That’s great color, and Andy, thank you for that. My follow-up, I just wanted to get a sense, given the slowdown that you saw in February, March, can you give us a sense of your operating rate in North America in 1Q, where does it stand now that things have stabilized? And has the weakness really afforded you an opportunity to further assess the portfolio to see which mills, which cost plans are performing and where there’s potential for, let’s say, further right-sizing and consolidation?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Mike, so if you think about that, just where we are on the demand side, what I would say we’ve seen so far in April is stability from, if you look at kind of last part of February, right, as you said, we’re into February, we saw the step down. March, after the tariff discussions kind of kicked in, we saw that little bit of step. All through April, we’ve now seen stability from that second step down. We’ve seen that stability. If we just assume that that’s what holds, that’s where I’m offering that guidance of where I think we’ll land for the year. In terms of your question of does it allow us to rethink it, the way I would think about it is there are very obvious choices in our business around where you want to be and where you want to grow your capability to win. There are also some very obvious choices about what you need to get out of. And you’ve seen us move aggressively, really starting since the fall of last year, you’ve seen us move for a footprint optimization to address that. And so with a weakening demand curve, you’d have to believe that something is structurally different to say I’m going to do more than what I intended to do over the three-year window. I don’t see that being the case. What I see, however, is the ability to pull-forward some of the things that you’re working on. So you can pull-forward some of the footprint optimization efforts that you’re working on. But ultimately, as I think in 2027, do I think what’s going on is going to radically change the overall demand picture and therefore the assets required at that end point to win in the marketplace? I don’t think it materially has. That could change. Look, if we go into a really aggressive, dramatic change in the global environment that becomes systemic, all bets are off. That’s a different deal. Do I expect that? I do not. Am I considering it? Yes, I am. Because you have to. Or you have to at least think about that as a possibility. But I think the probability is relatively low. And so where we’re playing right now is on the April demand is where we are. Let’s see what happens. We know that business sentiment and consumer sentiment are negative. And so what I’m going to say is we have a negative bias relative to what the demand picture is likely to play out, and so therefore, we’re playing stronger offense on dealing with those things. But look, this is an environment, and we’ve all lived in it, where one day the world is coming to an end and the next day it’s hallelujah. And so given that, you can’t gyrate a 65,000-person company with literally 400 locations across the world. You can’t gyrate based on that stuff. You’ve got to think about what business do I want to be in? What is my strategy? Can I afford what I want to do? I’ve got to balance affordability and aggressiveness. But you’ve got to stick to your strategy.
Mike Roxland: Yeah. That’s very helpful. Thank you and good luck in 2Q.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Thanks very much and thanks for all the color so far. Just sort of coming back to understanding the bridge from first half to second half. In first half, I think it’s like $1.5 billion or so of EBITDA based on what you did in the first quarter in the guide. So it kind of suggests like a $500 million, $600 million pickup in the second half.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Mark Weintraub: And now you’ve spoken, I mean, as you point out, there’s less maintenance outage. I think that’s like $130 million. And you got DS Smith for an extra month, which is maybe another $90 million, $100 million or whatever there. And so the balance that $250 million, $350 million, presumably is primarily from the cost outs, et cetera. But what I did notice is that you also have a pretty small increase for price mix in 2Q-v-1Q for your North American Patching Solutions business.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Mark Weintraub: Can you kind of explain that? And is there more to come in the second half of the year as what’s already been published in the…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Mark Weintraub: …. trade rags gets implemented?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Yes. So, Mark, so first of all, you’ve absolutely nailed it in terms of thinking about how this flows, right? The way that we’ve been working on and thinking about it is you have what I’m going to call kind of a relatively low quality number in the first quarter. Let’s just call it like it is, right? The second quarter number is almost identical, but it’s exceptionally high quality. That’s kind of the way to think about that. Those two together -- I think that run rate that we’re at right now that we just reported, those two together is about where you are as you look at that first half. So you’ve nailed that. That second half, there are a few things that are happening in the second half. And what I like about it is it’s not like we have to go do something. Most of that has already been done. It’s how it flows through in the second half. So you’ve got the cost out that started in the fall of last year, right? The timing of how that flows and when that hits, that starts to accelerate as you go past the wind down and closure of assets. And those, basically, all the costs there goes away, right? That kind of finally, that tails off. You’ve got the impact of the stuff we did in the first quarter, which is principally the Red River Mill. That still has some tail on it in the second half, but it accelerates as you move through the year. The benefits of that start to accelerate through the year. Obviously, the elimination of the Matrix [ph] organization that we tackled late last year, you had people that were all the way through the year. You still have people that are finally exiting the business now. That starts to fully realize itself as you get to the second half. And then yes, on the price side, you start to realize a lot more of that. As you know, that those are contractually connected, right? So the timing of those things of when price hits the market, when it gets published, if it gets published, and then how it rolls through contracts, it’s just, it’s mechanical. And so what you’re seeing here is basically the mechanical realization of that price.
Mark Weintraub: And so just to clarify on that last point, first in the U.S., is there more that would be expected to show up in the second half related to say…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Mark Weintraub: … the February increase? And then also…
Andy Silvernail: Correct.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. And then also...
Andy Silvernail: If you look on Slide 14, you’ll see where that shows up.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And then also, particularly since we’re kind of newer to understanding how the European business works, there’ve been a number of significant increases that were…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Mark Weintraub: … reflected on containerboard, but at the same time, OCC has been going higher. So…
Andy Silvernail: Right.
Mark Weintraub: … where things stand today, what type of tailwind should we expect in Europe from price changes, recognizing things could change?
Andy Silvernail: So I’m a little bipolar on this one, Mark, just because to exactly your point, we have seen the price increases. So to be clear, at the Investor Day, we talked about a first price increase that was starting to go through the market. Since that time, there’s been a second that has moved through the market. Neither one of those has been realized yet in the market. And so what I would say is, at a static level, that’s definitely a positive tailwind in the second half of the year. However, I am not calling it out and we’re not building it in, and we’re not because of the weakness in the marketplace. And so if the market shores up, I’ll get more confidence that the second one will come through. The first one we think will make its way through and that’s in the numbers. The second one, there’s a longer -- just for folks who aren’t quite used to the European market, there is a longer lag time from the change in paper price to the change in box price in Europe. How it flows through the market and because of the amount of contracts, because of the small versus large customers and how the mechanics work relative to price indexes, there’s just more flux in that. And you hear -- people have heard me say in the past, right, you over-earn for a longer period of time and you under-earn for a longer period of time in the European market based on that price compression or expansion. We have been in a compression territory. We believe we’re entering that expansion territory as we get into the second half of the year. So there’s some good news out there, Mark, but we’ve got to be really mindful that that’s connected to demand. And so, again, first price increase, I think, holds. Second one, we’ll see where it goes.
Mark Weintraub: Thanks so much.
Andy Silvernail: You bet, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Hey, Andy. Just…
Andy Silvernail: Good morning.
Lance Loeffler: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Hey. Just following up on Mark’s question, you have a relatively steep earnings ramp from the first half to the second half. It’s a little steeper in Europe.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Anthony Pettinari: So…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
Anthony Pettinari: … it sounds like price improvement from the first hike is not baked into the second half improvement. I just want to make sure that I have that…
Andy Silvernail: The first price increase is.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay.
Andy Silvernail: So if you go back and you look at Slide 17, that first price increase is in there.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay.
Andy Silvernail: But the second is not.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. And then can you talk a little bit more about the assumptions for what happens in the second half in Europe, either internally or externally, that gives you confidence in that, big sequential move from the first half to the second half? And Andy, I guess, maybe it’s a hard question to answer. But when you think about sort of degree of difficulty or maybe how much your time is being spent driving these improvements in EMEA versus North America, is there any kind of sense you can give us in terms of level of confidence in where your time is being spent?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Sure. No problem at all. So I think if you go back to the Investor Day, we talked about a modest improvement in the back half of the year in the European economy. That’s what we that’s what we called out. Right now that looks suspect. But again, based on the current environment that we have, we think we can hit these numbers, right. So then that means we now expect Europe to be a little bit softer than we expected when we talked to you on at the Investor Day. So, again, current environment, we think we can deliver at these levels. And the reason being is that we do believe that that first price increase, that first price increase was really out of necessity versus what I would call strength in market, if we’re just candid about it. And the second one was basically from a little bit of a modest improvement, better than expected, that people saw that second price increase might be able to hold going through. But I’m cautious about that because of that second half, what I think is a little bit of a weaker second half than we had expected, given what’s going on in the trade environment. And so what’s on Slide 17, in terms of that build up, if you look at it, it’s the cost out that we’re going after in the early days of that, plus the commercial benefits that we believe will roll through in the second half of the year. Relative to my time, what I’m really focused on here, if you put it really simply, what I’m focused on right now is building the team, which having Joy and Lance join us, my team, my senior team is full. We’ve got a great team at the senior team level and in the different businesses in North America and Europe. The North American team now has been together since the fall of last year, meaning the newly constituted focus packaging business unit. And the EMEA team, DS Smith, run at DS Smith commercially, is a mix of folks who came from DS Smith and folks who came from IP. It’s outstanding. It’s an outstanding team. You had a chance to meet Paul and Stefano at Investor Day, who really have their hands on the till in Europe. And so I’ve been focusing on the team, building the team and then 80/20 deployment. That is where I’m spending all of my time. So if you think about how my time flows, it flows around directing people, great teams, deploying 80/20 at the point of impact. And so, it’s -- and probably, If I think about just energy, I put a lot of energy into DS Smith in the first quarter. As a lot of you know, I spent almost 10 weeks in Europe at the start of the year to get that off on the right foot. I think Tim and the team are in a great place over there. I’m regularly in Europe focusing on the rollout of 80/20. We kicked it off actually a week before we had the Investor Day. We now have a full ramp of initial 80/20 launches through every region in Europe by the middle of the summer. So we’ll be running full out by the middle of the summer there. So I’m paying attention to that. And then in North America, we’re a generation ahead, so to speak, in North America. And so here, it is making sure that we keep on track to the schedules and the outlines of cost out and on the commercial side. And so, I am balancing my time between the two regions, but we have got fully -- a fully staffed teams. I feel we are in a great position. In North America, we have a really clear schedule of what to do when and the expected impact. In Europe, that’s -- we have that from the synergy work that we did, but now that’s being woven in with how we think about 80/20. And really importantly, one of the conversations that we’ve been having internally is that you can get into this mixed messaging of what’s a synergy and what’s an 80/20 improvement. I don’t care, right? We’re talking about improvement and better. The last thing we’re going to do is get caught into accounting and who owns a synergy and who owns an 80/20 impact. You guys have all seen that movie. It’s a terrible movie. It’s about impact. And so winning for our customers and getting the cost out of the business.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very, very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, George.
George Staphos: How are you doing?
Andy Silvernail: Thanks.
George Staphos: How are you doing?
Andy Silvernail: Good. We’re doing well.
George Staphos: It sounds like it, it sounds like it, despite GDP today. But two questions. One is kind of a shorter-term question on DS Smith and then one is maybe more of an intermediate-term question on North America and what you can and can’t control, Andy. So first, on Europe and DS Smith, if I go back to Slide 16, we’re looking at, I think, lower EBITDA sequentially from 1Q to 2Q, so $104 million to $85 million, despite there being an extra month. I think you’ve hit on a lot of the overriding factors, but is there any one or two things you’d call out there in terms of that sequential downtick, recognizing as you’re answering Anthony and Mark’s questions earlier, you’re expecting a bigger step up in pricing the second half, but what’s happening there in terms of that step down?
Andy Silvernail: So you got -- I think you might be looking at the bridge a little bit differently. So you have two months -- in that first column, you have two months in the first column and you only have one month in the second…
George Staphos: Yeah.
Andy Silvernail: … because you’re looking at sequential.
George Staphos: I got you. I got you.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
George Staphos: So the contribution to the legacy. Okay.
Andy Silvernail: Correct.
Lance Loeffler: This would be the incremental.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. Sorry about that. Sorry for the confusion.
George Staphos: We know.
Andy Silvernail: You were walking through that, I’m like, did I miss something? No, that’s just the sequential implications.
George Staphos: Okay. Understood. We appreciate that color and sorry for the misinformation there. The intermediate question…
Andy Silvernail: Okay.
George Staphos: … is on controlling what you can and what you can’t. And so, as you look at trying to close a gap in North America, you’re focused on the smaller accounts, Bob’s Mushroom Factory, but these accounts typically, and we hear they like you too, by the way. Are the types of accounts that initially, when things start to slow down, will actually pull in the horns more quickly based on our industry research over time?
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
George Staphos: You’re trying to implement your commercial improvements, which includes, without getting too forward-looking, value over volume. Where would you say ultimately the risks are on volume as the year progresses, given what’s a weaker environment? My guess is you want to really focus more on the commercial and focus on the margin, which might mean you ratchet some of your footprint alignment more quickly. That maybe puts some of the volume expectation and closing the gap at risk. How would you have a…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah.
George Staphos: … think about that and how you’re managing what the priorities are? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you. There’s a lot in that question, so let me parse through it. The first one, I want to clarify something up front, which is we are not disproportionately deployed to the smaller customer, to be 100% clear.
George Staphos: Correct.
Andy Silvernail: Right. We’re focused on what we call 80 customers, so large customers either nationally, regionally or locally. That’s that big middle that I’ve talked about in the past, which really equates to about 70% of the marketplace is in that segment of what we’re interested in. The wins that we’re getting are around what I’ll call those local, bigger customers, where we frankly had really fallen down, right? We had really fallen down on service levels and on coverage, and we’ve been making the investments back there. And so that’s that positive trend. The focus on the national accounts and large regional accounts, I think, we’ve been relatively good there. The big change there is our service levels are just so much better because of the investment that we’ve made in assets and in people. And so I feel good commercially we’re on the right track. And if you look at that gap to market that we’ve had consistently, and now you’ve seen that close, we know by customer where that is likely to land. We don’t see any major customer defections between now and we just don’t see it in the pipeline today. And so our confidence level about closing that gap to market in the back half is important, right? The question is, we just don’t know where the market’s going to be given the chaos that’s been out there. And so -- but our real focus commercially is let’s close that gap to market because we believe in the long-term trend of the Packaging business, like we laid out at the Analyst Day, we believe that that’s going to track the overall economy over long periods of time and we feel good about the two markets specifically that we’re in. Making sure that I addressed the final parts of the question, if we end up with weakness in pockets, we can accelerate, we can pull-forward some of those actions based on capacity utilization. But again, we really got to stick to that strategy. So I feel good about we are controlling what we can control, we’re controlling our own destiny, we will accelerate and pivot based on what the market gives us with an eye towards our long-term strategy, because I really believe that we are on to the right strategy that focus on, we have to be the advantage cost player, we know that, and we have the right and the scale to be there. Customer excellence, thank goodness we have made those investments and we’re starting to see the turn on that. We obviously have got to continue to get better, but we feel really good about where we are thus far in our interactions. Specific to the questions of value over volume, I think where we are now, we were out of bed with value over volume two years ago, right? We were completely out of bed and the painful transition that we’ve made over the last two years has been getting to be competitive in the market at the appropriate levels, not at some crazy premium, just to be clear, right? We know where the market is, we know where we have to be and we’re going to win. We may get some premium because of our service and our quality and our innovation, but we know where we have to compete and that’s going to be our focus. So I don’t see us being crazy about choices around value over volume. I think we’re in the right place today. I think we’re playing the game the right way in North America. I know we’re doing that in Europe. They’re very, very good. The team in Europe is very good with the customer in terms of the intimacy with the customer, understanding of the marketplace. They’re working awfully hard now to realize the price increase that has gone through and to be very sensitive to that overall marketplace. But, overall, I think, we found the right spot.
George Staphos: Thank you, Andy.
Andy Silvernail: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. I’ll now turn the call over to Andy Silvernail for closing comments.
Andy Silvernail: I want to thank everybody for joining us here for the quarterly call. We appreciate the opportunity to update you on our strategy. Hopefully what you’re seeing now is predictability and repeatability of the message and that because of the actions that we’re taking to control our own destiny. That’s what it’s all about. And most importantly, that happens because of the 65,000 people across International Paper. And we’re just absolutely thrilled to have the team from DS Smith, our new colleagues on Board. I had the opportunity to spend an awful lot of time with them in the first quarter of this year. It’s just a great group. They’re outstanding. We have an incredibly bright future, but we got to stick to the strategy and we’ve got to execute. So, with that, thank you very much to my team. Thank you very much to the investment community for the attention and the time you give us and it’s our job now to go out and execute.
Operator: Once again, we’d like to thank you for participating in International Paper’s first quarter 2025 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to International Paper's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jose Maria Rodriguez Meis, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Jose Maria Rodriguez Meis : Thank you, Krista. Good morning and good afternoon, and thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Andy Silvernail, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and stepping in today for our Chief Financial Officer, Tim Nicholls, who is in London for DS Smith day 1, is Finance Vice President, Mark Nellessen. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These and other factors that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such forward-looking statements can be found in our press releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter and full year earnings press release and today's presentation slides. And finally, I would like to note that all financial materials in this presentation reflect only the current IP portfolio. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Jose, and congratulations on your new role as Vice President of Investor Relations. And congratulations to Mark Nellessen, who's moving from IR to the lead finance role in our North American packaging solutions business. And Mark, thanks for pitching in for Tim as he's getting us ready here for day 1 with DS Smith. With that, good morning, and good afternoon, everybody. I'm going to begin on Slide 3. I'm excited to share that today, DS Smith appeared before the court in the U.K. to get final approval, and we officially expect to close the DS Smith transaction at the end of the day tomorrow, U.S. time, Friday, January 31. As you know, last week, the competition authorities of the European Commission approved the proposed acquisition of DS Smith by International Paper with conditions. The EC identified minimal concerns about the acquisition's impact on competition in certain areas. To resolve those concerns, we have agreed to divest 5 box plants in Northern France, Northern Spain and Portugal within the next 6 months. We would have preferred to retain all facilities in the IP family, and we truly appreciate the contributions for the team and the team members of these 5 plants. We're committed to identifying suitable buyers who can offer a viable future for these teams. Each of these locations is attractive, and we expect significant interest from potential buyers. I'm looking forward to welcoming DS Smith to IP on Monday, February 3. Together with our customers, we're creating the global leader in sustainable packaging solutions, and we're focused on the attractive and growing markets in North America and EMEA. I'm excited about the potential to unlock value for our stakeholders. We'll do a deep dive on the path forward for DS Smith at our Investor Day in March. Now transitioning to Slide 4. We are building a performance-driven customer-centric culture at IP to fulfill our purpose, a culture that will enable us to create significant value for our employees, customers and shareholders. That work begins with a strong alignment around a very clear and compelling strategy and that strategy stems from our mission and our values of safety, ethics and excellence. Most importantly, our teams will put safety above all else. We will drive profitable market share growth by being the low-cost producer and the most reliable and innovative sustainable packaging provider in North America to EMEA. A disciplined 80/20 mindset will permeate everything we do. By focusing on the critical few, we are aligning resources, reducing complexity, removing costs and delighting customers. These efforts are all focused to deliver superior value for all of our stakeholders. I'm now moving to Slide 5. We're making progress and taking actions on our path to achieve $4 billion of EBITDA medium term. This does not include the DS Smith base earnings or synergies. Again, we're going to talk about those things in detail at our Investor Day in March. As I've shared in the past, roughly $1.2 billion of the improvement that we are targeting is going to come from cost out. This number is net of inflation. So the way to think about it is that we have to take out roughly $1.6 billion of cost. As we talked about on the third quarter call, we started to do the heavy lifting, so we're making the right choices to take cost out of the system. Those impacts will ramp up through the year with actions already announced and more to come. We've zeroed up the corporate organization, we're aligning resources to the businesses, and we're having a lean, effective and efficient corporate staff. As a result, we expect our costs will be reduced by $120 million annually. We have taken the difficult actions to close 5 box plants in our Global Cellulose Fibers mill in Georgetown, we estimate that these combined will remove roughly another $110 million of cost from our run rate. As I mentioned last quarter, our other -- there are 2 regions where we're doing 80/20 pilots. We're now calling these lighthouses. We have delivered 20% plus productivity gains, and we will scale that optimization method to another 22 box plants in 2025. As we look into 2025 and beyond, we'll continue to be laser-focused on improving reliability at our mills and optimizing our mill and box systems, so we deliver structural cost reduction. In 2024, our operating performance and lack of productivity cost us $350 million. Unlocking this performance will free resources, allow us to optimize our overall structure and drive profitable growth. We are also speeding up capital investment opportunities that we believe will deliver significant cost reduction. And to that extent, we have initiated a complete overhaul of our capital investment process to simplify and significantly reduce from -- time from idea to execution. If we turn to the commercial improvements, we expect these commercial improvements to contribute roughly $800 million to our $4 billion target. Our go-to-market value over volume reset is essentially complete. We expect the final unfavorable impact to volume to be behind us later this year. Volume has tracked to our plan for the past 3 quarters and since we started looking at January, and we have a clear pipeline forward. We have developed a new compensation plan for our sales force to better align incentives to strategy. This plan will also support our goal of attracting and retaining the best commercial talent in the industry. We continue to add new sales associates as we enhance our commercial capabilities and move to a customer-centric culture. This renewed focus on customer experience has already resulted in significant quality and on-time delivery improvements in our packaging business, which is validated by both internal and external data. This is true in general across the overall business and specifically at our 80/20 lighthouses. We also have an ambitious pipeline of capital projects to both facilitate the regional optimization of our box system and deliver profitable market share growth. And I'll share an example here on the coming slides. Before we move on, let me say that I'm proud of our team and the solid progress we're making. We have a lot of work to do. There's absolutely no doubt about that, but the fundamentals are in place for our performance-driven customer-centric culture and those things starting to show. We have the right strategy and execution road map. Now comes the hard part, and it will not be linear. We need to demonstrate the ability to execute with excellence. Our success and our destiny lie in our control. Our actions are aimed to drive transformational improvements at IP and create significant value for our shareholders. I'm now on to Slide 6. I'm excited to share we are investing in a greenfield state-of-the-art corrugated box facility in Waterloo, Iowa. This is a great example of the investments we're making as we continue with our ambitious plans to optimize our mill-to-box system and generate attractive returns. This world-class box plant is designed to deliver on our strategy, 20% lower cost, designed in product quality and just-in-time service. All of this is aligned to a geography and end markets where we are positioned to win. The facility will be strategically located close to some of our best customers, specifically in the protein segment, while being in a freight advantage distance from one of our mills. The plan is to start construction this year and targeting for a start-up in 2026. So again, it's a best-in-class facility designed specifically to delight our customers, achieve a low-cost position to drive profitable growth. In addition to Waterloo, we're also acquiring a bulk plant in West Monroe, Louisiana. This additional capacity and expanded capabilities will allow us to grow our specialty business in an attractive market. As you know, bulk is a business where we are differentiated and have a very good performance track record. We anticipate closing this deal tomorrow. So now let's turn to our full year performance. First, I'll share some highlights, and then I'll turn it over to Mark to walk you through the details. I'm now on Slide 8. Our full year results came in line with our outlook. Relative to prior year performance, higher pricing was more than offset by higher costs than expected volume losses from our commercial strategy, just as we expected. We have seen significant price improvements in our North American packaging business from our go-to-market execution and favorable price index moves. Volume came in lower, but very much in line with our expectations. And again, we're seeing that in January. This period-over-period volume declines from our packaging contract restructuring is playing out in line with our predictions, which is giving us good line of sight on when we will see an inflection point to profitable market share growth. Costs were higher due to employee incentive compensation and were impacted by reliability issues at some of our mills. As I shared before, we are laser-focused on improving reliability and taking cost out of the system. As we look to 2025, I want to note that we're not going to go into detail on the outlook for this year. As you may recall, while our combination with DS Smith remains pending, certain U.K. rules constrain our ability to provide a profit forecast. Even though we are looking forward to closing the transaction tomorrow, today, we are still subject to those rules, which limit what I can say. Our plan is to provide you with our outlook and a detailed road map at our Investor Day coming up in March. But at a high level, 2025 is expected to be a transformational year. During the first few months, we anticipate earnings will continue with the stabilization trend and then we expect our earnings to progressively ramp from a combination of the cost actions already announced, further improvements throughout the year, sequentially improving commercial wins and overall benefits of our 80/20 implementation. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Mark, who's going to provide more details on our fourth quarter performance and outlook.
Mark Nellessen : Thank you, Andy. So turning to our fourth quarter key financials on Slide 9. Operating earnings per share came in slightly better than the outlook we provided last quarter. Our EBITDA margin came in slightly better sequentially. And overall, we see stable to improving results on a sequential basis. Our free cash flow was impacted primarily by changes in working capital as well as sequentially higher capital spending and DS Smith-related transaction costs. We could turn to Slide 10, and I can provide more details about the fourth quarter as we walk through the sequential earnings bridges. Fourth quarter adjusted operating earnings per share was negative $0.02 as compared to $0.44 in the third quarter. As expected, accelerated depreciation expense was a significant impact in the fourth quarter due to previously announced facility closures accounting for $0.56 per share. Price and mix was higher by $0.12 per share, driven by the flow-through of prior price index movements and mix benefits in our packaging business. Volume was unfavorable by $0.08 per share due to 2 fewer shipping days in North America box as well as some volume trade-offs related to commercial contract restructuring actions. Deploying our commercial strategies across the portfolio continue to impact volumes as we closed out the year as we expected. Operations and costs was unfavorable by $0.11 per share sequentially. This is largely the impact of seasonally higher costs as well as a step down in insurance recovery related to the Ixtac box plant fire and some reliability events in our mill system across both businesses. Maintenance outages were higher by $6 million or $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter and input costs were favorable by $0.06 per share sequentially, mainly driven by lower cost for OCC and wood. And finally, corporate items favorably impacted earnings by $0.12 per share sequentially, primarily due to lower taxes. Turning to the segments and starting with the Industrial Packaging's fourth quarter results on Slide 11. Price and mix was higher by $63 million due to the realization of approximately $40 million of benefits from prior index movement along with additional benefits from our containerboard board export and open market sales. We saw a mix improvement in both North America and Europe. Volume was lower by $24 million sequentially due to 2 fewer shipping days in the fourth quarter. In addition, we made choices based on our box go-to-market strategy that negatively impacted our volume as expected, but this will allow us to improve our margins and mix over the long term. Operations and costs was $22 million unfavorable sequentially primarily due to the impact of seasonally higher costs, a step down in the Ixtac insurance proceeds, which we received $25 million in the third quarter to $12 million in the fourth quarter and some reliability events in our mill system. Planned maintenance outages were lower by $22 million sequentially and input costs were $20 million favorable, primarily due to lower OCC and wood costs. And accelerated depreciation decreased earnings by $9 million due to the 5 packaging facility closures in the fourth quarter. Moving on to fourth quarter results for Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 12. Price and mix was sequentially lower by $13 million due to price index movement. Volume sequentially was lower by $8 million in the quarter due to the Georgetown mill closure in early December as well as a pull-forward of orders in the prior quarter as customers anticipated a potential port strike. Operations and costs was unfavorable sequentially by $23 million which includes unabsorbed fix costs from the Georgetown mill closure, some reliability issues and higher seasonal costs. Planned maintenance outages were higher in the fourth quarter by $28 million, and input costs were $4 million favorable, primarily driven by lower wood costs. And finally, accelerated depreciation decreased earnings by $222 million, mostly due to the Georgetown mill closure in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 13. Before we get into the details, I would remind everyone that accelerated depreciation is included in operating earnings and is called out for each business. In summary, adjusted earnings for our Industrial Packaging segment are expected to be higher sequentially by $52 million. This includes a non-repeat of accelerated D&A expense. Adjusted earnings for Global Cellulose Fibers are expected to be higher sequentially by approximately $220 million, and this also includes a non-repeat of accelerated depreciation expense in the prior quarter. Now let me give you a breakdown by business segment. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $5 million sequentially from lower export pricing to date and unfavorable seasonal mix impact. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $10 million due to 2 more shipping days primarily. We expect operations and costs to increase earnings by $30 million. This includes benefits from our box plant optimization as well as non-repeats related to incentive compensation and other items from the prior quarter. It also includes the unfavorable impact of wage inflation. We expect accelerated depreciation will increase earnings for the packaging business by approximately $11 million because of the expense related to the 5 packaging facility closures that occurred in the fourth quarter. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings by $6 million. And lastly, we expect input costs to remain flat overall with higher energy costs offsetting lower OCC prices. Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to decrease earnings by approximately $10 million as a result of prior index movement. Volume is expected to be stable, and we expect operations and costs to increase earnings by approximately $35 million. This includes improved performance and reliability as well as non-repeats related to incentive compensation and other items from the prior quarter. We expect accelerated depreciation will increase earnings for the pulp business by approximately $222 million because of the expense related to the closure of Georgetown mill in the fourth quarter. Higher plant maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease earnings in the fourth quarter by approximately $26 million. And lastly, input costs are expected to be stable. With that, let me turn it back over to Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mark. We'll now turn to Slide 14. I'm excited to remind everybody that we'll be hosting our Investor Day in New York on March 25 where we will provide an in-depth review of our strategy, business and financial objectives for the new IP. We'll share our progress on DS Smith integration and outlook, the detailed plan for North American packaging and how 80/20 deployment across the company will help drive profitable growth. Our goal is to provide a very detailed, clear and time-based path forward. With that, operator, let's now pause and take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: I appreciate in the comments you made it clear that the volumes in the fourth quarter were pretty much in line with what you had expected. Obviously, they were pretty big year-over-year declines. And I think that in the past, you've talked about that there would still be negative year-over-year for the -- maybe through the middle of next year and then things stabilize and potentially move positive in the second half. Is that still kind of a reasonable game plan?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, Mark, absolutely. So we certainly don't like the reality of the results in the fourth quarter. It is exactly what we had expected. And so when I -- when you look at the volume drops off on year-over-year, it is -- when you net out kind of wins and losses, 100% of what we're seeing is the expected from the contract process that we've been going through in the last 18 months to 2 years. And so it's right on track. And I think importantly, right, as we look at January, January is right on track in terms of what we're seeing for day rates. And so what you should expect to see is that bottom of the third quarter and fourth quarter, it will step up, meaning a less year-over-year loss in the first quarter, less year-over-year loss again sequentially in the second quarter. And then as we get into the back half, when exactly we break that 0 point, I don't know if it's going to be exactly the third quarter or not, but it's somewhere in there. But in that second half, we expect it to crest these choices. So I'm going to knock on wood, but that feels good. The other thing I'd add to that, Mark, is if you look at the investments that we've been making on the box plant side for reliability, I think very importantly, that is now showing up in internal and external data. So if you look at the data from our on-time delivery metrics, our service metrics and then you also look at -- we do a third-party validated NPS, I also saw another third-party benchmark last week. We have clearly moved very significantly from a service perspective in the minds of our customer. And the reason that's important is we're now starting to quote pieces of business that we didn't have the opportunity to quote a year ago. And so we've got some pretty decent-sized chunks of business. Not much of it is baked into our expectations for the year, but we've got some pretty decent-sized chunks of contracts that are now rolling off where we think we're putting a very attractive value proposition. So we're moving from a very defensive posture relative to the commercial side of the business to slowly moving to an offensive posture. And I want to say slowly because we still have to finish digging out that hole, and we've got to win some of these businesses. But I like where we are relative to our plan. When you look into our sales pipeline, that pipeline and what's happening on a daily basis is now showing signs of congruity. And I like the fact that we're starting to quote some business that we didn't have the opportunity in the last year or two.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And maybe kind of following up along the lines of the response to the question. I think you also mentioned like a $350 million lack of productivity, reliability type of thing. Can you maybe provide more color on specifically what you meant by that? And do we get that back? And what are the actions that are being taken currently?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So Mark, actually, I think this is a linchpin, right? So going back to my days at Danaher, running a sub-plant -- sub-manufacturing plant, right? You're always looking for the bottlenecks to the key of your strategy or the key of your execution. And so it took me a little while to get in and understand kind of exactly what was going on, but I'll simplify in 2 ways. One is we've been living in a world of less capacity for too long. And because of that, and it makes you soft, it's kind of like an athlete who sits on the couch for a couple of years. It makes you soft. And so as we have started to push part of our operations. And when I say that, pushing them in terms of moving volume to assets that we need to have be A+. We're pushing that. And so -- and what that's showing is it's showing the mill capability. And we've got a few mills that we've got some serious work to do. And when you add that up, that's darn near a couple of hundred million dollars a year in potential, right? So you're having to keep way too much cost in your system because, frankly, if you go back and you do the root cause analysis, which we have, it comes back to 2 things. It comes back to underspending for a very long period of time. It's not a year or 2, right? It's underspending on basic reliability stuff in the mills. And so as you can imagine, right, your kind of -- your plan is constantly changing, the bogey is changing for those teams, and they're having to run roughshod. And the second thing, right, we are -- we have experienced and everybody in our industry and everybody in manufacturing is experiencing is a pretty significant changeover of people. And so as you -- as experience starts to change in those mills, and you combine those 2 things together, it can make it a less reliable day-to-day. And so our focus is very much on maintenance investment and reliability spend, capital and expense, and it is on rapid training for leaders who are new to a position. And so you really got a focus there. And the good part about that, right, is you can count this. And what I mean by that is you can see the amount of -- if you think of kind of mill performance as the benchmark of where you are in terms of your ability to absorb the overhead and produce, we can see this pretty tightly. And so making those investments, and that's a linchpin to the rest of our strategy of getting costs out of the system. The second part to it really comes around productivity. And what I mean by that is in any manufacturing world, the goal should be to offset your, what I'll call, internal productivity. So I don't mean input costs, right? I'm talking about the wage, maintenance, those pieces of normal inflation, you've got to drive to offset that. And in my experience, we've been able to do that in the companies that I've worked for. We're seeing it already in some of the very focused work that we're doing. I'll use the box plant lighthouses or now -- we called them pilots, we now call them lighthouses, as the example. But as you know, this is a very high contribution margin business. And so as you drive productivity, you can take significant cost out and/or as you move volume over a different set of assets, the contribution margins are just really high. That's something we haven't done. Again, that's when you think about keeping too much capacity that ends up as EDT, that's how it shows up. And so we believe that absolutely can go after that. You don't -- look, you're not going to get it overnight. But in the time frames that we're talking about in terms of both driving the day-to-day excellence of execution and then having the productivity flywheel moving. It's $300 million to $400 million. It's a lot of money. And so yes, we can get it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Andy, appreciate all the great color. I thought the slide deck was pretty awesome, it had a lot of great color in terms of things that you guys have done already on the cost to commercial action side of things. You also gave us a look at what's still to come, more on the to-do list with items like mill and box system structural cost-out efforts, reducing organizational complexity and expanding the sales force. So appreciating 1Q is kind of a stabilization period. And you kind of pointed out earnings momentum, transformation 2025, so kind of help us think through how that could kind of layer through this year, some of these actions, whether it's all in the cost or commercial side, and think about the earnings momentum as the year progresses. You talked about the $300 million to $400 million that you -- was a drag. I mean, how quickly can we get some of that back, I guess?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So Phil, great question. I think as we think about this year playing out, that the cost stuff that we announced last quarter, as you can imagine, right, making that real through the fourth quarter of the year that then starts to layer in throughout the year. And so you should see that kind of sequentially ramp as people who are no longer going to be with the company, assets that have been closed. As you know, you don't just close an asset and all the costs go away, there's a tail to that. And so we have to move in through that tail. That gets better as the year goes on. And then we have an expectation that we're going to continue to drive cost aggressively as we go through the year. And you should expect us -- the thing that I would be looking for if I'm you is a quarterly drumbeat of actions, right? That's what you need to see and obviously, it needs to show up in the P&L and in the balance sheet and ultimately, cash flow. And so on the cost side, right, we've got a road map that we've laid out. We've had to be pretty selective about how we could talk about that with all of you because of the DS Smith process. That restraint comes off. And so at the Investor Day, the intention is to show a much more clear road map, obviously, being respectful of all of our stakeholders in the process. So you should expect to see that ramp. And then on the commercial side, really, if you look at what's baked in right now on the commercial side, is the pricing that we have today, right? We haven't adjusted for any future index changes. We have no idea, right, what's going to happen with that. So we don't have any expectation there. So it's the prices that we're going to market with today, plus if you kind of think through our expected pipeline. So there is no kind of major expectation of giant wins that's in our outlook for this year, so just to be clear. So the reality of that, and you guys know this as well as anybody, turnarounds take time and they're not linear. And so if you think of it, think of it as a run chart, right, as you go into one of our mills and you see process run charts all the time, right? The tolerances are wide right now. There's a lot of variation. And our job is to squeeze that variation in every way, right? We're trying to squeeze the variation in what causes kind of these wild changes to -- in parts of our business that, frankly, we don't think should be as volatile. We're making changes to those things and then you've got to execute. And what I said in my prepared remarks, this is where the hard work begins. I mean this is where you are in the muck, you have to be. These things happen at a box plant, at a mill, right? They don't happen in the ether. And so really getting to incredibly disciplined cause and effect where I'm pulling a certain lever, and that is going to take the cost out or it's going to win a customer. That's where we are. And so we certainly have a plan for how that ramps throughout the year. I'm very aware -- look, I've looked at hundreds of businesses and business plans over the years, and whenever you see an aggressive track like this, you have to discount it, right? You have to be smart about that. So we have to make consistent progress quarter-over-quarter. We need to exit this year substantially better than where we ran last year and where we ran this year. A couple of things that I see as really encouraging. So if you look at the North American packaging solutions business exclusively, and you look at where they're tracking relative to where Tom Hamic and team said they would be tracking on the commercial side, we feel really good, on the investments that we've made into the box plant business and the expected improvements on service improvements has absolutely shown up. And we have moved an entire standard deviation in performance and customer service performance in the last year. And that is a big deal. And so we've seen that. And we've also seen what that means to specific customers. I'm spending time with specific customers talking about their experience with us. We're now getting on site with customers and doing joint innovation sessions, but we're pushing -- we're starting to push those envelopes, more than we have in the past. But this is where, look, this is where it's a knife fight. At the end of the day, that's what this is. And we're in execution mode now.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's super helpful. I guess you gave us the road map today in terms of CapEx spend. It's great you're reinvesting in your growth products or box plants. You're stepping up maintenance and reliability and doing great things on the sales force front. Is this a level in terms of capital spend and maintenance operating spend that could be steady state from here? Or should we kind of accept that to step up the next few years as you kind of move forward? Or how should we think about these moving pieces?
Andrew Silvernail: Phil, if I had a magic wand, meaning I had the ability to spend it, meaning the performance of the business was where I wanted it to be and we had the capability to effectively spend the money, I would spend more, I would. And the reason we're targeting this $1.2 billion as it matches what we think the organization can actually effectively execute and where we are relative to the turnaround of the business. But look, I think as we perform, we will address aggressively -- we will invest aggressively over the next few years. And a -- it's really kind of a combination of things, Phil. One is we got to close the gap on a number of things that we've had. When you make decisions around nonstrategic assets, and you incrementally increase spending, right? So if you think of both those things happening at the same time, what happens is you radically increase the spending on the strategic assets. It's not a small change. It's -- you're not talking about 5% and 10% and 20%, you're talking about 20%, 30%, 40%, 50% in some areas. And we're going to have to do that for a few years because look, we dug a hole over a decade, we're not going to fill it in a quarter. And so we've got to make those choices and visual -- and maybe this will help folks, is a visual that I've been using is think of the demand of the packaging business over a cycle. So if you just think of it as what does demand really look like of a packaging business over a cycle. It's about 1%, 1.5% volume increase through a cycle. And that changes to kind of a plus 2 -- plus 2 points to that, so call it plus 3 to minus 1 or so, or minus 2 or so, somewhere in that range. That's kind of the range in any given year of actual consumer demand and when I say consumer, consumer and industrial demand of our product, but investment trends, profit trends historically have been highly volatile, right? And then people react to that, and they make the investment trends even more volatile. So if you think in a very simple way of what we're trying to do right here, is we're trying to cut off volatility, we're trying to sand the board on the top side and on the bottom side, right? Take volatility out. And when you look at GCF as an example, I love the GCF business, but it's volatile. It just -- it's more volatile than our core packaging business. There are other parts of our business that are relatively low profit that are pretty volatile. And as you start to move towards your core integrated packaging business, that volatility goes down. And then if you match your investment plan with what your real trend line looks like, you take out more volatility. When you chase the trend line with investments, you -- our box plant managers, our mill managers, they can't plan to be successful if they're reacting in quarters, they've got to have 18 months or so on the maintenance side or probably 3 years plus on the capital side. And that's got to be consistent, and we haven't allowed them to put them in a position to be successful. And I apologize for the length of this answer, but I can't tell you how passionate I am about this. We have to consistently invest in being great, we have a hole to fill. We're going to fill that hole, and we are going to be much more consistent in our capital investment. And everything flows with capital investment in this business. And what I mean by that, look, I spent 3 days last week, personally 3 days in a Kaizen event, looking at our capital investment process. And I -- look, no offense to anybody, it's a ludicrous process that we have right now. And we are radically changing it in terms of time, in terms of responsibility, in terms of who has authority and signing responsibility and we will dramatically change that time line. And then changing that time line, we take the handcuffs off of our people. And it's not just the dollars invested, right? It's because everybody is attached to that. You've got literally thousands of people who are chasing things that are unproductive and those people could be working with our customers on innovation. They could be working on productivity, right? And we need to take the handcuffs off our people and allow them to freaking run. And so -- I'm sorry, that one gets me worked up. So I'm pretty passionate about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Congrats on all the progress, and obviously -- and a congrats on the passion as well. And Mark, Jose, congrats on your new roles. Just wanted to quickly follow up on what was mentioned in terms of the regional portfolio. Coming up from a different angle, you mentioned in the press release, one of your objectives for 2025 is to balance capacity to your demand, so I'm wondering can you help us at least maybe -- just speaking generalities, if you can, what type of capacity moves you have in mind? Is it more of what you've mentioned in previous responses in terms of transferring production? Is it a matter of maybe closing mills that are higher cost in an efficient way, where -- require too much capital to fix at this point? Can you help us frame like what kind of capacity realignment you're in anticipating?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So Mike, I'm going to give you an answer that's only going to be partially satisfying because of the 2 things. One, we do have some minimal restrictions and also, I think as we talk about assets and locations, we need to do that the right way at the right time. So I have to be a little bit opaque around that. So I apologize if that's just the right thing to do. So I want to say -- let's just step back for a second and think of it as you think of our entire business and you think of the quality of earnings across the spectrum of that business, right, it's pretty wide from one market segment and one product to another market segment and another product. That -- those core earnings are -- there's a pretty wide band on that. When you look at the portion of our business that isn't as profitable or frankly, maybe negative, and then you align that against assets that really have pretty poor returns, when you put those 2 things together, that's -- those are tough chunks of things to look at, right? And when you put them together, there's no path to that being super successful. And so you've got to move your investment to the customers, the products and the assets and the people who are going to allow you to win. And that's the process that we've been going before. And when we talked about kind of a whole slew of that in the third quarter, that's what that was all about. As we move through this year, we will absolutely continue to move down that path. And we've got to do it in both the box system and in the mill system. And we just kind of think about the ability to do what I would -- just kind of got fired up about a few moments ago, to do that, you can't peanut butter spread investments, right? You have to move investment. It's 80/20 thinking at its most foundational, which is you've got to move your resources, your money, your people, your energy towards those things where you can have a differentiated position. And the cool part is if you look at our box network in the United States and throughout North America, and you look at where we are positioned across the country and then you compare that to the competitive set, we feel really good about that. Now we know we have to change that because we have places that frankly have too much capacity and there's too much to -- it's got a crazy marketplace, right? And you got too much there, and you got places where you don't have enough. And so in the places where you don't have enough like Waterloo, Iowa, we're going to be super aggressive. So greenfields, brownfields, the lighthouses that we're talking about, the demand is there, and we can't satisfy the demand because we don't have enough capacity. And in some other places where it's not, we need to first focus in on niches of -- subniches of markets where we're really good, and we can win, and we can win in that subniche and have a great sustainable competitive position in that subniche. And then in places where, frankly, it doesn't make economic sense, we need to make other decisions. On the mill side, when you think about the mills, I grew up and as you guys know, I grew up in a mill town. And so these conversations have been in my blood since I was 8 years old. And you have to invest, right? You have to invest on a consistent basis in mills. And of course, the older they get, you have to make sure you keep them primed. And for those of -- anyone who is interested in cars, look, there are 40- and 50-year-old cars that run great, but they're not as competitive as the car you're going to buy off the lot tomorrow. And so you're constantly looking at where that is, when do I continue to invest and when do I not? And you have to be able to do that in a very clear mature way because all of our stakeholders require them, right? So if you think about our people, our customers and our shareholders as the 3 principal stakeholders, I'm a big believer that none of them can win over the others in any long period of time before it damages all of them. And so to make those investments in the business, it absolutely makes our business competitive. It creates very stable, attractive jobs for our people. We win with our customers because we offer them the kind of service and reliability and innovation they want at a fair price. We take the cost out of the system, which gives us the margin to reinvest back. And ultimately, right, that turns into profitable growth for our owners. And so that highly dependent system of stakeholders is what we're driving in.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And just one quick follow-up. Just there are obviously, a lot of changes in a very short period of time that -- it's interesting for a company that has had a really entrenched corporate culture. Just trying to get a sense from you whether is there's been any pushback, any resistance? And what are you may do to sort of like grease the wheel to encourage bias?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, great question. Look, I have been thoroughly impressed with how people have grabbed on to the change. There was an enormous pent-up demand in this company for change. And look, the people are great. To be candid, right, when I was considering this role, one of the thoughts I had to myself is, wow, how good can the people be with the performance we've had, and I have been absolutely delighted. We have smart, capable, driven people who want to win. That being said, right, in a business like ours, there are a handful of very, very big decisions that get made that either enable or disable the organization to win, capital is a huge one, right? When you are spreading your capital thin, you are basically telling your people to play whack-a-mole, they don't have another choice. So when you make -- when you don't make the courageous decisions, that's what happens. When you have capital decisions that take an ungodly long period of time, it ties up thousands of people in non-value-added processes. If you grab any one of our mill managers and you were to ask her or him, what does it take to win? They know, they know. And we have, in many ways, handcuffed them with decisions on capital investment, with decisions that are very bureaucratic and frankly, not setting and upholding very high expectations, right? The reality Is, is -- one of the things that I'm trying to do with this call as an example, is I believe there ought to be perfect alignment between our owners, our Board, the management team and everybody who works in this company. There should be no daylight between the expectations of action and the expectations of performance between anybody. And look, a lot of people complain about having to do these kind of things and do quarterly calls. I think they're great. I grew up getting a report card, you get a report card and you got to go home, and you got to talk about why you got an A or why you got a D? And there's no hiding. And I love it. I grew up playing sports, scoreboards are great, right? You are what the scoreboard says you are. There is no confusion in this organization about what the scoreboard says we have been. No confusion at all. And our goal is to be one heck of a lot better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mat McKellar from RBC Capital Markets.
Mat McKellar: I'd like to start asking about the Waterloo greenfield box plant, are you able to provide any additional color on what kind of CapEx you're anticipating for that plant? And then how you would think about an attractive return for this type of project, please?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So we're not -- we haven't disclosed anything today. We'll put a lot more color to that. This will be an item that we'll talk about certainly at the Investor Day. Obviously, it's a very large investment. It's by far the largest box plant investment we have ever made. And my expectation is this is going to be something that we should be driving cash-on-cash returns of about 20%, right? That's the kind of thing. And I mean the total cost, not just on the investment purely for that thing. But if you look at through the value chain from an integrated perspective, that's the kind of value that we should be able to add from a kind of investment like this. And what I love about this investment. And we also see, as we've got some more that we're looking at that are like this, obviously, not a ton of them, but some more that makes sense, and we're looking at some brownfields. And if you look at the pilots. What I like about these kind of things is they bring all the elements of our strategy together, right? So in our world, we absolutely -- our goal is not to be the low-priced player, but our goal absolutely is to be the low-cost player. And we think that we have the scale and the footprint that gives us license to do that, but we have to make different choices. And a plant like Waterloo dramatically changes that. If you look at our 2 lighthouses that we have, the 2 regional lighthouses, the gains that we're getting and we're seeing encourage a heck out of us and that's why we're going to roll it out to 22 more box plants here in 2025 and then we'll keep going, right? The goal is over the next few years, is to a completely reconfigure our box plant network. And look, this is a harsh thing to say, but for a long time, we thought of our box plants as kind of a dumping ground for paper. That's kind of how we treated it. And the bottom line is it is the front end of our business. It's more like a retail shop than other things, right, where you want to be super -- great service levels, very reactive to customers and make sure that we're employing our 80/20 mindset as close to the customers as possible. And so we're super excited about Waterloo. We'll give you more detail here at the Investor Day about it. And we're also excited about the bulk plant, right? That's another example of a different type of strategic thought that's unlocking one of the pieces of great value that we see in the company, which is in specialty. And we're excited about that acquisition. It fits us well. It's small, but it enables us in a great way, and it also helps us move fast which is a great enabler.
Mat McKellar: That's helpful. If I could just follow up with one more on the box plants. As you sort of scale your approach from your first 2 lighthouses to the incremental 22 in 2025, are you anticipating pretty similar improvements in productivity? Does that change at all versus the first -- what you achieved at the first couple? And then does that change at all again as you kind of target the next batch in '26 and beyond?
Andrew Silvernail: I do expect the same kind of results, right? And I think it's important to note that the results that we're seeing are really -- are not being driven by dramatic capital investment, right? The results we're getting in these 2 places so far are really around what I think of as the volume mix matrix, right? So as you think about complexity, the key to what we're doing is isolating complexity, right? So we're putting a lot of complexity in a few box plants where they become experts at that complex product customer configuration. And then other places where you can almost run lights out, it's really -- it's those 2 -- it's that combination that we're getting the kind of productivity that we're seeing. When you enable it with CapEx, there's more to come. That being said, the gains will not be -- again, I use the term linear, meaning we're not going to get the exact same kind of gains everywhere. There will be places that we get more, and you want to enable it with more CapEx. And there will be places where you won't get the 20% or 30% because you don't have the same configuration in a geography, right? So I think we're going to get really substantial productivity improvements. We also -- I want to -- I'd like to roll this out lighting speed, but you got to be mindful of it, right? You can't just throw ideas at folks, you've got to go hand-in-hand with them, make the changes, right? So you have to make the volume mix changes. You've got to make those changes where you want to consolidate a box plant and then have the remaining box plants take that on and people who want to move over to those things, to the box plants, can. You want to be able to do that. You want to install daily management and make sure that, that's working. And before you kind of ride off to the sunset to another thing. So it's kind of the old saying, go slow, you're in a hurry because you want it to stick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Muir-Sands with BNP Paribas.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Just sticking with the rollout of the lighthouse strategy for a minute. So can I just clarify, that is the one that you think can unlock around $300 million to $400 million of cost [indiscernible] productivity?
Andrew Silvernail: No. I think what -- that was not the main focus of that. That was really around -- I think you've got, call it, $175 million to $200 million of just, I'm going to call it, mill reliability, right? So that's just -- that's very much in the mills. And then the balance is productivity. A lot in the mills, but also in the box plants. And what I'm talking about there, Charlie, is my experience has been as you get a productivity engine humming to be able to offset things like wage inflation benefits and other, what I'll call it, internal inflation, so not your input cost. We don't do that well, right? And if you look at our financials and you go back over 5 or 10 years, and you actually look at the destruction of value, the 2 big linchpins you see are, I'm going to call it, reliability that showed up at the customer, which then had become a headwind from a volume perspective, but also it ends up driving a lot of cost. So I looked at some analytics over the last couple of weeks, if you look in our mill system as an example, and you follow long-term maintenance spend relative to replacement asset value. So if you just kind of follow that, what you see is a building gap over time. But that doesn't mean that your costs went down because what ends up happening is your costs shift from being capital to being expense. And so if you actually stack capital and expense together, we're actually spending more combined today than we were 5 or 10 years ago because of that choice. And that kind of comes down to that car analogy. If I don't change my oil, I'm going to eventually going to lose my engine and that -- losing your engine costs a hell of a lot more than changing the oil and that's kind of what we run into. And so now we're doing some pretty rapid engine rebuilds. That's the way to think about it. But the productivity engine is something that's going to be going all the time, right? And if you think of just the math on it, you're talking about 2% to 3% per year is what you got to get. You got to get 2% to 3% per year, and that will offset your internal inflation. And that -- I know in a world where people talk about, I need 5% year-over-year. Well, you guys know the truth. Very few people get 5% year-over-year. What you really do is you liberate capacity, right? Yes, I can shut nonstrategic assets, you get a benefit from that. But then you liberate capacity. And in our world, when you liberate capacity and you get volume growth of any kind, it flows through a ridiculously high levels. And so the early stages of this are actually the costs coming out. And as you think of this kind of a couple of years from now, what you want is that engine of productivity that our mill managers, our box plant leaders are thinking about that and they're thinking of productivity on a 2- to 3-year rolling cycle, not I'm showing up in December, and I've got a budget for next year, I got to figure it out. Those are very different approaches.
Charlie Muir-Sands: So the rollout of the lighthouse strategy doesn't necessarily deliver immediate P&L benefits and tailwinds [indiscernible] volumes. You actually absorb that extra capacity, or you can put a dollar value against that as well.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. If you look at what we've done in the 2 lighthouse regions that we've been in, we have closed 2 box plants, right? So we've actually closed 2 box plants and consolidated the volume into the other lighthouses while taking on-time delivery and service levels meaningfully up. So when you look at the actual, it's real productivity, it's real dollars, right? And so you get it first because you're taking out the overhead of the stranded capacity. And then you're also driving continuous improvement as you bring that volume in. And so it kind of starts off with a big bang. If you think of us -- think of IP in a microcosm in one of these regions, that's exactly what we're talking about, right? You're taking out cost that's effectively stranded cost, unneeded cost, you're matching the volume mix matrix correctly. So those businesses are coming more effective. And then over time, you're driving that drumbeat of productivity, right? So it's a big bolus that we have to get in the box plant side and in the mill side and then you have to build the muscle of ongoing productivity going forward.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Right. And sorry, just one more question. I think historically, you've guided annual corporate expense. I know that there has been a big restructuring of cost savings, you've devolved a lot of the staff headcount to the segments, but I just wondered what we should understand as being the figure now for 2025.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I don't think we're calling it out very specifically. But the way you should think about it is as we go into 2025, you're going to see the reallocated -- cost reallocations as appropriate back to the businesses of where they actually sit. So you'll see some ups and downs. So as an example, you'll see the North American packaging business was not probably getting enough of the load, where more of it was being pushed to other GCF in our EMEA business and we'll get that balance right. But in total, right, the central costs are going down precipitously, right? They're going to go down by $120 million from the actions that we've outlined.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: I want to try to put some numbers to what we're talking about and go back to the presentation that you gave us on the Q2 call. I think in that presentation, you indicated that you underspent sort of a peer group by 1.5% on CapEx and maintenance, I think it was $0.40 per 1,000 square feet. But...
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, don't have it in front of me, but that sounds right, yes.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And you're talking a lot about mill reliability and some underinvestment over time. And I sort of -- I like your analogy. So I'm thinking about running a 0.25 mile -- or 1-mile race and I'm a 0.25 mile behind, it's really tough to catch up. So the number, I think, that we saw thrown out there was $260 million for this new investment from local government agencies, et cetera, so Waterloo that is. So this year, you're going to spend about another $1 billion, maybe a little bit less. When should we expect that IP starts to catch up that $1.2 billion of underspend? And do you feel like, as you look across these metrics that you're talking about that you're falling further behind?
Andrew Silvernail: No, I don't think we're falling further behind, right, because of the choices that we're making on reallocation of where that other money is going is a big change, right? So if you just took a peanut butter spread, I would agree with what I think, I'm going to call it, your concern, right, which is if you were just going to leave it the same, yes, that would be 100% to true, right? I just did Waterloo, and I did everything the way I did it in the past, that would be true. But you can see from the actions we've already announced that is not the intention and you can expect to see us make some other choices here readily around that. And so as we think about that application, so you got to think of it as you're going to move your investment towards your strategic assets, that's already started. And that's a good-sized number. So the total time frame to make up the whole, I think, is about 3 years to make up the whole. That's -- and look, again, I'd do it faster, but I don't think we could spend it faster effectively, right? And if you just look at lead times in terms of equipment and whatnot, I think it's a 3-year march. That's my opinion. Mark, any thoughts there?
Mark Nellessen: I would agree with that.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, yes.
Gabe Hajde: I appreciate that. I mean it's sometimes like pushing on a string, it's you now have the resources to enable it. Understood. Okay, maybe more...
Andrew Silvernail: I think it's -- before you go, what's really important, though, right, is this dynamic resource allocation is really, really important, right, moving it away from places that don't deserve it, that don't make money, that you're not going to win in, to places where that is true, right? They do deserve it, you can win there. And the difference in returns on capital are gigantic in those choices. And so if you think of a bell curve of ROIC for these investments, right? Oftentimes, people think about things like safety investment or maintenance investment as on the left-hand side, meaning not very attractive, right? And I look at it completely the opposite. They're on the far right-hand side of that. They are everything. And so you have to have stability before you can have improvement. And so, so much of the work that we did last year, and we're still doing today is around stability, and then it gives you a chance to drive improvement.
Gabe Hajde: Got it. I want to be respectful of everyone's time. But the last one, you talked about report cards, scorecards. Near term, just to be clear, Mark, it wasn't in the Q1 Industrial Packaging view, you are not including any price as it relates to the January increases because it was not reflected in RISI or how should we think about that?
Andrew Silvernail: No, we are not including that. Thank you very much. Well, thank you, everybody. Appreciate your time today. Appreciate your interest in IP. I want to thank the teams for just a herculean effort that they are putting in and the commitment that people are showing to grabbing on to doing these tough things, right? Doing hard things is what we have to do. That should be our motto, do hard things. And that's what the team is doing. So I'm very proud of how we're tackling that. And I appreciate your interest. So I look forward to seeing you on March 25, at the Investor Day and laying out a lot more detail. So take care, everybody.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in International Paper's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to International Paper's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter earnings call. Our speakers' this morning are Andy Silvernail, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements can be found in our press releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Andy Silvernail.
Andrew Silvernail: Hey. Thanks, Mark. Good morning. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 3. After my first six months in this seat, I'm encouraged by the pace of improvement and proud of the team for aggressively engaging in IP's transformation. We are building a performance-driven culture at IP that will enable us to create significant value for our employees, customers and share owners. That work begins with strong alignment around a very clear and compelling strategy. We will drive profitable growth by being the low cost producer and the most reliable and innovative sustainable packaging solutions provider in North America and EMEA. We are using our 80/20 approach to guide investments and align resources to win with our most attractive customers, reduce complexity and cost around the company and drive transformational performance. Ultimately, building great teams and a customer culture are foundational to our improvements. We are passionate about delivering superior experience to our best customers and best-in-class returns for our share owners. Let's turn to Slide 4. We are on our way to driving transformational changes at IP. We've conducted 80/20 training with our top leaders across the company and are actively deploying the methodology. We will continue to embed this practice with our commercial teams at the mills, at box plants, and with administrative functions. I was delighted that about 80% of our active investors joined us for the 80/20 overview session in August. Importantly, we are completing 80/20 segmentation across the company. We are looking at our portfolio and business segments, markets, customers, products, suppliers, and assets and facilities. We are completing zero up analysis to determine our key resource needs, and we are developing implementation plans and aligning resources to position our businesses to win for customers. We have fully entered the implementation phase by engaging our teams and taking actions to accelerate our strategy and significantly improve IP's performance. I'm now on Slide 5. I'll share some strategic actions we are taking in the fourth quarter to position IP for success. What all these actions have in common is that they give us greater focus on strategic customers and markets, align resources and investments to win and simplify all aspects of IP, which reduces complexity and costs. While we are confident that these actions are necessary, they include some difficult decisions that impact our team members, their families, and the surrounding communities. One of the great strengths of IP is our values. We make these decisions with care and compassion, ensuring that we treat people with dignity and respect while providing support, outplacement and severance to help people in their transition. Our actions at the enterprise level are centered on reducing complexity and shifting resources into the businesses and closer to the customer to accelerate strategy. This is the fundamental principle of 80/20. We are simplifying to enable greater focus and collaboration, improved execution, have more agility, improve the customer experience and lower cost. Within our North American Packaging business, we are investing for outstanding service, reliability, productivity, and enhanced capabilities to win with customers while optimizing our total system and reducing structural costs. As I mentioned on the Q2 call, we have two regional optimization pilots underway in our box system. We are reducing complexity and investing in equipment and people to improve safety, product quality, on-time delivery while lowering cost. Importantly, we are seeing a 20% to 30% productivity improvement in these early stages at these pilot areas. There is opportunity to apply this approach across our national box network. This will be a key lever for delivering profitable market share growth now and in the future. Recently, we announced five plant closures in regions where we have excess capacity and an opportunity to optimize our footprint, working closely with our customers to transition their business to other IP plans. We expect to retain 100% of our strategic customers and we are making investments in remaining facilities for future growth. Importantly, we have identified multiple opportunities for greenfield and brownfield box plant investments that will be industry-leading in all aspects of safety and performance. You should expect to see announcements and investments soon to increase our strength in strategic markets. After strategic review, we've decided to evaluate opportunities to better position GCF for long-term success. Our Board has authorized us to pursue strategic options. We have engaged Morgan Stanley as our advisor. GCF as a leader in fluff pulp is very well positioned in a growing global market. We have a talented team and a strong market position and great technical expertise. We have a highly advantaged mill system. And as I mentioned in our [indiscernible] a global supply position. Throughout the process, we are fully committed to support our business and committed to serving our customers. We will update investors when the process is completed. Regardless of if we sell or if we keep GCF, it will be positioned to win for the long-term. While we are engaging in this process, we'll continue to accelerate their strategy to focus on fluff and improve business performance. The decision to close the Georgetown mill allows us to exit about 300,000 tons of commodity SBSK and low value specialty grades across the system. This move significantly lower complexity and costs, improves returns, and reduces earnings volatility. We expect to retain 100% of our fluff grades and customers and increase our absorbent mix to about 80%. GCF will continue to have plenty of capacity for growth with key customers. These actions strengthen GCF, make them a stronger supplier of high-quality fluff pulp to the market and for our strategic customers. And again, regardless of the outcome, GCF has the potential to be an attractive business with meaningful upside potential. I'm now on Slide 6. This slide reflects some 80/20 early wins we are seeing across the company. Our teams are engaged. They've jumped in and they are not wasting any time. We are taking action to win with our customers, reduce complexity and improve performance. And here are just some examples I thought I'd call up – of all the great work that's happening with our teams. On safety, our intent is to set the industry standard as a great place to work starting because we are the safest place to work. We are using 80/20 analytics to understand opportunities for safety improvement that include better root cause analysis and advanced technology. Simply put, safety must be above everything else. I've already talked about the pilot plans in two regions where we are seeing double-digit productivity improvements. Also, the corporate reorganization will allow us to focus on our customers and business results. We are moving from a matrix organization to a customer-focused organization. Importantly, we've changed our sales incentive programs that are simpler and better aligned with our commercial strategy to drive profitable growth and reward those people who deliver. Another great example is a large strategic customer who we partnered with to look at their mix of business that was driving huge complexity. By working together, we reduced the complexity of their order patterns, which saves 1,300 hours to change over time and significantly improve service levels. These kind of examples can be found across the system for more opportunities in the future. We also had a couple of quick hit wins in sourcing in the U.S. and Europe where we were able to partner with strategic suppliers to approve costs and terms. There is more to come, but we are encouraged by the level of commitment and excitement across the company as we work to deliver safe, profitable growth. All right. I'm on Slide 7. There is good momentum in the company, but we are just starting our 80/20 journey and it needs to take hold to every part of the company. Ultimately, 80/20 is a powerful business model when it is lived not only in the C-suite, but with customers at paper machines and at shipping docks of box plants. Along with the progress at IP, we are very excited to complete the DS Smith acquisition. I'm sure you've all seen the strong shareholder support. We are bringing together two great organizations and building winning positions in the attractive markets of North America and Europe. We expect to close in the early first quarter upon completion of regulatory reviews. Our teams are actively involved in planning for the integration. I'm pleased to announce that after closing the transaction, Tim Nicholls will serve as the interim leader of the combined IP and DS Smith EMEA teams. In addition to his responsibilities as the CFO, we are fortunate to have outstanding finance teams at IP and DS Smith that enable us to do this. Finally, we are happy to announce that we will host an Investor Day on March 25th, 2025 at Freedom Hall at the New York Stock Exchange. This will be an opportunity for us to share details about our strategy and value creation opportunities across the company. Now let me turn to the third quarter performance and the outlook. First, I'll share some highlights and then turn it to Tim, who will walk us through the details. I'm on Slide 9. Our third quarter earnings came in above our outlook for the quarter. Better performance was driven by strong price improvements across the portfolio. This included about $17 million of benefit from our Box Go-to-Market strategy. Volumes were seasonally lower as expected. Operating costs were higher sequentially due to lower volumes, seasonally higher labor costs, employee incentive compensation, and some reliability issues at our mill system, which Tim will address as he covers the business segment performance. In terms of the underlying market, we continue to see stable to moderately improving demand and trends in North America across the various segments we serve. In Europe, we have seen some softening however. As expected, IP's packaging volumes lag the overall market as we restructured commercial agreements to improve overall profitability. Relative to prior year performance, we've had higher sales revenues to offset the higher costs, primarily related to inflation, employee incentive compensation, as well as some reliability issues and spending to improve future performance. As I mentioned earlier, we are laser focused on reducing structural costs across the company and we are taking actions. As we look into the fourth quarter, we expect higher earnings across our packaging business as our price increases from the prior index movement stick. We also expect lower costs from improved operations and lower planned maintenance outages. We expect lower earnings in GCF as a result of prior price index declines and higher planned maintenance outages. In the fourth quarter, we are also calling out significant accelerated depreciation expenses associated with the facility closures that I mentioned earlier. With that, let me turn over to Tim, who will provide more details about our third quarter performance and our outlook.
Timothy Nicholls: Great. Thanks, Andy. Now turning to Slide 10, I'll provide more details about the third quarter as we walk through the sequential earnings bridge. Third quarter adjusted operating earnings per share was $0.44 as compared to $0.55 in the second quarter. Price and mix was higher by $0.29 per share driven by the flow through of prior price index movements in both businesses. Higher export prices as well as margin benefits from successfully executing our Box Go-to-Market strategy. Volume was unfavorable by $0.12 per share due to the seasonally lower box shipments and some volume trade offs related to commercial contract restructuring actions. Although we continue to see favorable demand trends deploying our commercial strategies across the portfolio continues to impact volumes in the near-term as expected. Operations and costs was unfavorable by $0.28 per share sequentially. This is largely from the impact of lower volumes, seasonally higher labor costs, higher employee incentive compensation, some reliability incidents and spending, and some weather impacts. Maintenance outages were higher by $14 million or $0.03 per share in the third quarter, and inputs were unfavorable sequentially with higher costs for energy and wood. And finally, corporate items were favorably impacted earnings by $0.08 per share sequentially due to the timing of corporate items and a lower effective tax rate. If we turn to Slide 11, I'll cover industrial packaging. Price and mix was higher due to the realization of approximately $70 million of benefit from the prior index movement. Additional benefits from our Box Go-to-Market strategy contributed approximately $17 million to earnings and higher exports contributed to approximately $18 million. Volume was lower by $48 million sequentially due to seasonality and one less shipping day in the third quarter. In addition, we made choices based on our Box Go-to-Market strategy that will negatively impact our volume in the near-term, but will allow us to improve our margins and mix over the longer term. Operations and costs was $89 million unfavorable sequentially, primarily due to lower volumes, seasonally higher labor costs and higher employee incentive compensation. Ops and costs also includes a $42 million unfavorable impact from reliability incidents that occurred at a few mills, partially offset by $20 million of insurance proceeds for the Ixtac box plant fire that occurred earlier this year. Planned maintenance outages were higher by $38 million sequentially, and input costs were $24 million unfavorable, primarily due to the higher energy and wood costs. If we turn to Slide 12 and covering GCF, price and mix was sequentially higher by $24 million due to price index movements. Volume sequentially was lower by $4 million. Operations and costs were unfavorable sequentially by $35 million, which includes an $18 million unfavorable impact from reliability incidents at a few of our mills in addition to other items, including higher employee incentive compensation. Planned maintenance outages were lower in the third quarter by $24 million. And finally, input costs were flat with lower energy and chemical costs, offsetting higher wood costs. I'm on Slide 13 now, and before we get into the details of the outlook, I would note that accelerated depreciation expense will be a significant impact in the fourth quarter due to previously announced facility closures so we've called that out for each business. And in line with guidance from the SEC, accelerated depreciation will be included in operating earnings. Earnings for our Industrial Packaging segment are expected to be higher sequentially by approximately $55 million, which includes accelerated depreciation expense of $15 million. Earnings for Global Cellulose Fibers are expected to be lower sequentially by approximately $275 million, which includes accelerated depreciation expense of $220 million, as well as higher planned maintenance outages. Now let me give you the breakdown by business segment. I'll start with industrial packaging. We expect price and mix to improve earnings by $45 million sequentially. This is primarily the result of prior index movement in North America with some benefit from previous actions under our Box Go-to-Market strategy. The sequential improvement also includes favorable mix in our EMEA packaging business given the strong fresh food and vegetable season in Morocco. Volume is expected to decrease earnings by $15 million due to two last shipping days, partially offset by seasonally higher daily demand. We expect operations and costs to increase earnings by $5 million. This includes improved performance and reliability, which are partially offset by higher seasonal costs and the non-repeat of insurance proceeds received in the third quarter. We expect accelerated depreciation will decrease earnings for the packaging business by approximately $15 million due to the five packaging facility closures in the fourth quarter. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings by $21 million. And lastly, lower input costs are expected to increase earnings by $15 million, primarily due to lower OCC and wood cost. Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers. We expect price and mix to decrease earnings by approximately $25 million as a result of prior index movement. Volume is expected to be stable. We expect operations and costs to increase earnings by approximately $5 million due to improved performance and reliability, which is partially offset by higher seasonal and distribution costs. We expect accelerated depreciation will decrease earnings for the Pulp business by approximately $220 million due to the closure of the Georgetown mill in the fourth quarter. Higher planned maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease earnings in the fourth quarter by approximately $36 million. And lastly, input costs are expected to be stable. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Tim. We'll now turn to Slide 14. Again, look, we are making great progress and we are well on our way to building a performance-driven and customer-centric culture. And we are taking actions. We are taking actions to control our own destiny, and we are making the right choices to accelerate performance improvement. I'm confident that we have the right strategy and a talented team and a concrete plan to create a great place to work, deliver customer excellence and drive profitable growth. Our actions will drive transformational improvements at IP and create significant value for our shareholders. With that, operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. Andy, it's been really inspirational in terms of the progress you guys have made in this short time. So really exciting. As you kind of look at the mix of customers that you're looking to optimize, how is that progress coming along? I know you've realigned your sales incentive comp structure for a lot of your employees, are you seeing any early findings, change of behavior? And if I look at Tim's forecast for box shipments sequentially in the U.S., it looked okay. It didn't seem like there was any more incremental leakage there. So give us an update on how that contract negotiation is progressing? Are you seeing any more incremental churn on the customer side?
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Phil. Appreciate the question. So look, first of all, let me just recognize the teams for having done a tremendous job. We do a morning call in advance of earnings, and we were able to talk to a bunch of the folks here today and just recognize the incredibly hard work that the people have done over the last six months to create momentum. So I personally, I just recognize that the monumental work that's been accomplished. Specific to your question on volume, what we're seeing there is, it feels like it's the leakage has slowed. And I don't want to jump the gun here and say, gone because we still will have year-over-year volume down here for the next few quarters. But we do expect that we get to the back half of next year, we expect to turn that and we expect it to be at least back to market growth. And so what I would say we're seeing right now is the expected losses. So if we kind of look at the band of volume losses, we are better than the bottom end of those – of that range of expectations, which is positive. We have also gotten much, much sharper through the 80/20 work of getting clear about what segments of the market are priorities for us. And if I were to simplify that film, I'd say, look, if you – let's just use the U.S. market. So the U.S. market is about 400 billion square feet of – from a packaging standpoint. And there's about 60% that I put in the big middle. So 20% is on one end, which tends to be smaller local customers. And on the other end, it tends to be very price-sensitive larger customers. Frankly, the sweet spot for us is that big middle, right? That is where we are really, really good. Obviously, we do business across the spectrum, given our market position. And frankly, if we can do business with folks on good terms and conditions, we're open for business. But our focus is really on those people who match our strategy. And our strategy is very much again about we're going to be the low-cost producer. We're not going to be the low-price player, but we're going to be the low-cost producer. We are going to be great on service, and we are going to invest where we have strength and the customers that really match that in that big middle is the sweet spot for us, and we really like that overall positioning. In terms of the further segmentation, that really starts to become regional and then super local. And it's one of the things I love about this business is, as I talked about when I first thought about joining the company, what was ringing in my head was commodity, commodity, commodity. And that's not the case, right? We have a highly differentiated position and can have a highly differentiated position in our marketplace. So I feel good about the segmentation. I feel good about the focus. As we've been rolling out 80/20 training regionally, we've now done three regional commercial training, and we've identified big chunks of opportunity that are out there in the marketplace that where our value proposition is highly aligned with what the customer wants. So I feel good that we're heading in the right direction. It's too early to call a turn. But I do think that the leakage has certainly slowed.
Philip Ng: Okay. Super. And then you talked about a few things, early wins in terms of the pilot program on the box side to kind of unlock more efficiency, your ability to kind of ramp that more broadly and then also, you highlighted a large customer where you're able to kind of reduce the complexity and really reduce the changeover. That's pretty exciting. So your ability to kind of roll that out more broadly as well.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I think, Phil, both those two things, those are really nuanced, but I can't stress how important those examples are as you think about rolling those out across the company. So you think about the box plant pilots, fundamentally, what's happening, let's just use a simple – you're in a region and you have two box plants. And one effectively becomes a low mix, high volume plant and the other becomes a high mix plant. And there can be a tendency for some to say, "Oh, well, we've now stratified our plant. No, what we've done is we specialized our plants. And so the one that's dealing with high volume, they can capitalize, build their labor force and build their entire plan around a certain business model that drives tremendous efficiency aligned with what the customer needs. And then the high mix plant can get greater changeovers, right? They can get greater changeovers, even the equipment can be different when you start thinking about what you're talking about there. So the entire capitalization the workflow, those things can be different. And so we can't do that everywhere in the country. But we've got 20, 25 regions that I would expect would call them regions. And within that, probably at least half of those have the dynamics that we're talking about. And so we can look at that – those kind of options. So that's exciting. And don't forget what comes in that is really important. So we closed five plants, but someone could look at that and say, "Hey, you're taking capacity out of the system. That's a problem. Well, those are plants that were underutilized, we can move 100% of the customer to some place that we have capacity. And as we grow our overall capacity in the system by driving productivity, we open up service levels. And then put on that, the greenfields and the brownfields that we're looking at. And we'll get more specific in the future and probably after the fourth quarter call, we'll talk more about capital planning and we can talk about what that means incrementally for capital. And I've said that as long as our strategy is going in the right direction, we're not going to be scared about investing. And to look at these greenfields, we look at these brownfields to really drive productivity and hopefully, productivity for our customers rather again and growth for our customers. Relative to that one change over example, what I love about that, right, is it's a total win-win to working with a customer who service levels aren't quite what they want. They've gotten really demanding about a very specific business model, not a specific outcome. And we're able to partner with them and say, "Hey, what do you need? And what they want is rapid on-time delivery, even same day, right? Even kind of down the street show up, we order it by two and it's getting there by four. That kind of stuff. Well, that's really hard to do when you have order patterns that are moving all around. And if you think about that, if you're trying to have that kind of delivery response to a customer, you either have to have inventory on hand or you have to be able to produce just in time. You got to be able to have one of the two. And what we're trying to do is find that balance where we can meet that customer demand, but also drive down our capital needs and our costs, and we've found that great win-win. I mean if you think about that, that's one customer, one facility or maybe two facilities, 1,300 hours of change over time. That's a big, big, big number when you think about how that impacts us.
Philip Ng: Okay. These are all great examples. Appreciate the color, Andy.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Roxland with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Roxland: Yes. Thank you, Andy, Tim, Mark, for taking my questions. Great quarter. Obviously you've all been slightly busy.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes.
Michael Roxland: I wanted to follow-up on Phil’s question regarding the 20% to 30% productivity improvement. Can you talk about what that means for EBITDA on average at those box plants? And in terms of deploying this methodology at the box plants, over what timeframe do you see this rolling out? And lastly, is this something that you can apply to your mill system as well?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Great questions, Michael. So if I were you, I wouldn't focus on EBITDA by box plant. I don't think that's the great – that's the right measure. Because what you're really looking for out of your box plants is great customer service and a low-cost position while doing that. And so if we can move that from box plant to box plant within a region like I was talking about before, you want to have that kind of flexibility. The way that I would think about the math and all of this, and this kind of goes to your second part of your question, which is a mill is if you create a unit of productivity in our business, right? So if you create a true productivity, meaning I can put another dollar of production over our fixed cost base, right? That's the way to think of it. When you do that, you drive on a contribution level, 60-plus percent incremental margins if you're able to drive productivity. It's huge, right? In my old world, you'd get 30% to 35% and now we're not going to put 60% or 65% in a pocket. Don't get me wrong because we're going to reinvest back in the business, and that's where the magic starts to happen. That's the virtuous cycle starts to kick in. But if you think of it, let's go box plant and then let's talk mill. On the box plant side, as you do this, again, what it does is it creates local flexibility for great customer service, it lowers your cost structure and it allows you to grow, right? That's what these things ultimately allow you to do. And then also, it lowers your capital intensity needs, right? So you're improving profitability, you're improving customer service, you're lowering capital intensity. So your ROIC is just outstanding. And the answer to your question is yes, you can do that in the mill system. It's different, right? It's a different thing, but philosophically, it's the same. So let's just think about – let's use an example of a winder. So you're making paper, you're at the winder. For us, winders are the most dangerous place in the company, and they also tend to be bottlenecks, right? And so what that means is your people are interacting – having to interact with the most dangerous place in your operations. So you start doing the analytics, you're focusing on what the bottlenecks are, you're focusing on the people interactions you're introducing technology. One of the things that we're working on right now is optical technology that will actually shut down machines any time a human gets to a dangerous place, right? So we're starting to beta to test that in certain mills. And like anyone goes to an Amazon Go, look, the technology is out there and just how do you put that into an industrial environment. So you can absolutely do that with mills and box plants. Very importantly, in 2025, we are going to create some, what I'm going to call lighthouses, and we're going to use a process called strategy deployment. Those of you who are familiar with the Danaher or the Toyota Production System, if you think of Hoshin Planning or Danaher, we call it policy deployment, it's a very disciplined methodology of deploying strategy. So for us, we're going to focus on safety. We're going to focus on 80/20 and the integration of DS Smith. Those are going to be the things that we deploy next year. In that deployment, there will be a handful of what I call lighthouses, where you're trying to create best-in-class examples of the strategy that we're trying to employ. So we're going to take these two pilots that we're using in the two regions of the country. Those will continue and there will be box plant lighthouses. We're going to take two different mills, right? We're going to take an integrated mill and a nonintegrated mill, and they are going to become lighthouses in that strategy deployment. And then we'll do so also with a couple of commercial teams. So you get to the end of 2025 and what you have is examples of how we should do it and do it with true best. So my experience has been when you try to do things kind of at all the same levels across the entire enterprise of 40,000 people, soon to be 70,000 people with DS Smith, you don't get anywhere. You get kind of a mile wide and inch deep. And what we want to do is we want to get a mile deep and then demonstrate great results and then drive that out to different parts of the organization.
Michael Roxland: Got it. I appreciate the color. Obviously, has got a tremendous amount of work ahead, but the trajectory seems very positive.
Andrew Silvernail: And Michael, real quick. One of the things you guys are going to see also, so March 25, when we have the Investor Day, we'll definitely spend a bunch of time on these lighthouses, right? So we'll spend time on the lighthouses. We'll spend time on the DS Smith integration. So you'll get to see firsthand kind of how these things are working in practice. Sorry, Mike, we had another question?
Michael Roxland: No, this is – and this is great. One quick follow-up. In terms of the potential for additional portfolio optimization, obviously, the company closed a mill in Orange earlier this year. I think at a recent conference, you mentioned trying to analyze where the company is overcapacitized. Where does that analysis stand right now? And what's the potential for further portfolio rightsizing at the mill level?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. Great question. So again, we talked about this in the second quarter. We've got to be careful here. In those conversations for lots of different reasons, not least of which of course is to vitalizing the DS Smith acquisition, right? We're going through regulatory approvals. So we're being careful there. I think what's fair to say is we are looking at this stuff throughout the entire portfolio. And we're looking at sub segments of business that look like say the SBSK example within GCF, right, which is more commoditized products that have lots of capital intensity. Those are – and high earnings volatility. Those are places that, frankly, aren't good business for us. What you're going to see for us is a constant march – some of you have read the Jim Collins book, in a 20-mile march down the path of how do we become a more integrated business with less volatility. One of the things that's been, I think, just a wonderful thing for people to understand here is our core packaging business isn't very volatile. When you actually look at the demand patterns are not very volatile, we induce a lot of volatility into that business, and therefore, uncertainty and being on your side of the table, right, that volatility uncertainty, you're going to value it lower. I mean you just – that's just going to be what you do. And I would do. And I think as we go forward, what you're going to see us do is look across our portfolio as the kind of businesses integrated high-value businesses that we want to be in, and you'll see us deemphasize things that are not that.
Michael Roxland: All right. Thanks very much and good luck in the quarter and in 2025.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Congrats on all the progress so far. So your sort of big picture, $2 billion or $4 billion, you talked about $1 billion from cost and ops, if I'm remembering correctly. And we certainly see some of the actions now being laid out, the strategic. Now you're 230, which I don't know, I assume that would be something you'd consider on that $1 billion. And then I guess what I'm trying to understand a little bit is, particularly as I'm thinking about even 2025, but obviously beyond that, too. If I have this base of, let's say, a $2 billion run rate entering into the year. And then I can layer in the strategic actions you've identified – how much more from what you're doing 80/20 wise could potentially flow in 2025 and then beyond above and beyond, say, labor and benefits or something that you would be the typical offset. I realize that's a mouthful I just through there, but hopefully, you understand that direct.
Andrew Silvernail: Mark, let me just – let me make sure I understand what you're asking. Are you asking kind of what the benefits could be in 2025 over above inflation? Is that what I'm trying – is that what you're asking?
Mark Weintraub: At the heart of it, yes.
Andrew Silvernail: Okay. Okay. The way that I look at this right is the numbers that I talk about are net numbers, right? So – and I think, by the way, Mark, I think it will be more like a 60-40 split of cost versus commercial. And hopefully, that's something that there's a lot more near-term control of that. And I do think it's a multiyear journey, right? So it's not going to all happen in 2025. Obviously, we want to pull as much forward as we can. I had the wonderful opportunity very early in my career to work for a gentleman by name of George Sherman, and George was the first CEO of Danaher. The Rales Brothers they started to build that business. They brought George in. And I had the privilege of being an intern and sitting across from his office and what an awesome opportunity. One of the things that George would say is get ahead right, get ahead. And so what we're trying to do right now is we're trying to get ahead. We're trying to get ahead of getting our cost base right. And frankly, while it's great to improve the cost structure and the profitability guys to be candid with you, that's a benefit right now. What that gives us is the ability to invest back in the business and we need to invest back in the business. And so we're going to do two things at once. So Mark, I apologize I've not being as specific as I'm sure you'd like, but we're going to try to pull as much forward as we can into 2025. We'll be responsible organizations, look they are like the human body. When you don't exercise them, they get flabby and they start to fall apart. At the same time, when you're trying to get fit, you can't just go run a marathon tomorrow, right? You have to work yourself into it. And we're running hard today, but we're trying to do it was by dividing and conquering, having different people and different parts of the organization focused on different things, so we can run this marathon. We can really run this marathon. And so we'll move as quickly as we can, but not so that we are irresponsible.
Mark Weintraub: I appreciate that. Is it conceptually fair to say though that the benefits from 80/20 even in the earlier stages, like in 2025, should outdistance inflation and provide [indiscernible].
Andrew Silvernail: Sorry. I'm sorry, Mark. Yes, absolutely, right. We should – my expectation is that the cost and inflation equation will be positive at 2025.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Super. Thank you very much.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew McKellar with RBC. Please go ahead.
Matthew McKellar: Thanks. Good morning.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Matthew McKellar: If you could comment, does this concept of regional box plant specialization that you talked about on this call already exist across the DS Smith box plant system? Or how would you characterize the opportunity to bring this approach to their system as well?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I mean look, DS Smith is – they are a terrific company, and they've done some things really, really, really well that, frankly, better than us. They are better than IP commercially. There's no doubt about it. And so I think they are further ahead of us in some regards commercially – there's no doubt. But yes, there will be opportunities. I think you probably have fewer proportionally probably fewer density plays in Europe than you have in the U.S. I think that's probably true. You have fewer than that. And part of that is due to country boundaries. Even though you theoretically have a union in practice, how it works. It doesn't work like that. And so you have uniqueness in Europe around country boundaries that will be different. That being said, the segmentation insights, the ability to think about how we focus on our most important customers, what we call our 80s is absolutely going to be there, the ability to improve productivity is going to be there. And obviously, we've called out a bunch of that in the synergies that we've outlined, right? So we've outlined $514 million of synergies, 500 of which are cost and we think there's potentially upside from there. But again, we want to be responsible and we want to be able to deliver and get ahead there. So yes, there will be opportunities, but it will be different. DS Smith is in a different place than IP. And that doesn't mean always a better place, but some things are clearly better. Commercial, they are clearly better. They already have a decentralized corporate structure, which actually frankly makes it easier. I mean one of the big reasons for moving so quickly with the decentralization of the corporate structure in Memphis – isn't for the cost benefits. I mean, yes, there are some cost benefits. But what it allows you to do is it allows the organization to focus on the right things, price of businesses become highly focused on the customer, not on managing the matrix. DS Smith, they've already done that. That's a great thing. So what that means is we can kind of get to the fun, which is around customers and products and growth. And so there's lots of 80/20 insights that we'll have there, but it's going to be a fundamentally different path.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Thanks for all that helpful color. And then just one quick one on GCF. As part of your review of strategic options there, are you evaluating options other than the sale and then in the case of the sale, how do you thinking about an appropriate value for that business? And then just any color around timeline to reach completion of your process? Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I understand why you're asking those questions, some of it is pretty tough. I mean yes, we evaluate other options. We will evaluate kind of every option, frankly. I think the most likely option is a sale. That's the most likely option. There are certainly interested parties. We've had a lot of people who have reached out to us and have expressed interest. We think the process will be very robust. We have no doubt about that. In terms of value, I'm not going to speculate on value because I don't want to negotiate against myself. And – but very importantly, right, and I want to – I think this is important because more than just investors listen to these calls, right? One of the things that has impressed me this is a good business, right? One of the things that people have failed to understand here or failed to recognize, and I don't mean recognize meaning you didn't see something that wasn't true, meaning we didn't make itself is that this is a good business. We've got a 35% supply position in a highly valued global commodity. Our customers, specifically on the fluff side, our customers absolutely trust us to provide them with the best absorbed products, right? They absolutely trust us to do so. And we have a great team and great assets that make that so. So whether we own it or somebody else owns it, the performance of that business is going to be meaningfully different than what it's been.
Matthew McKellar: Thanks very much. I will turn it back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Muir-Sands with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First one is just staying with the Global Cellulose Fibers business. Now that sale is very much potential auction. Can you just give us a bit more detail on how much of the uplift in group EBITDA to $4 billion in the targets you had anticipated coming from that is also a meaningful part of the $230 million EBITDA opportunity to identify so far? And then sorry, bundling into that $230 million. Is the 20, I think it was $25 million from procurement within that number as well? Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: I don't think I've got – make sure I captured it right. So relative to GCF, it's a pretty small part of the kind of the getting to $4 billion. It's a relatively small part of that. So – and relative to the trade-offs of the capital that we'd expected to bring in, I don't think that, that would meaningfully impact our point of view. So that would be my perspective there. The procurement savings, no, those are not part of that. Those are two great wins that, frankly, what I love about 80/20 is once you kind of provide people with the insights and give them the guidance to go they start digging and the procurement team here, specifically on caustic had a couple of great opportunities where we were able to partner with suppliers. And look, this isn't about beating down suppliers. I actually think that's a really stupid strategy. I think what you're trying to do is you're trying to partner with suppliers. You're trying to find win-wins just like we did with our customers on changeovers, where you're getting better service, better terms, and they get to profitably grow with for those who can really play ball and so you're trying to create those partnerships. So those two examples, one in the U.S., one in Europe, no they were not included in the 230.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Very clear. And just returning to the 20% to 30% productivity improvement, you've talked about achieving in the pilots. Can you just clarify what that actually means? Is that 20% to 30% lower total variable costs, including or excluding raw materials or yes, how are you measuring that?
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. The simple way to think of it is in this example is think of it as square feet per unit. I mean, that's kind of the way to think of it. So it's output over a fixed base. And then from there, you have choices, right? So you can either grow and that's the ideal thing, right? You're going to grow faster and you're going to drop through at very, very high levels of contribution margin. It could allow you to consolidate other facilities into certain facilities. So in our case, we kind of have two different stories. If you look in the U.S., you've got parts in the U.S. that are, frankly, they're overutilized, right? There's demand that can't be satisfied and so we're trying to aggressively free capacity up to do that. And then you have parts of the country that have too much capacity and you need to take capacity out. So the five plants that we closed so far have been about being in parts of the country that have too much capacity. And so you get very specific fixed cost savings as the volume from those plants that existing moves to other facilities. But the real objective, right, is to free capacity for growth and recognize much higher variable contribution margins.
Charlie Muir-Sands: So some of the five plant closures are kind of tied in to the pilots and therefore, that's the [indiscernible]
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. That has not been the case so far, but we'll certainly see opportunities as time goes on. So you'll see a mix of that as we go forward.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, guys.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning.
Gabe Hajde: Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask, Andy, a little bit of what you started to address here in the last question, which is you're talking about freeing up maybe some capacity in certain parts of the system. And maybe the question is like – how much of what you're seeing across your converting system is more about increasing productivity. I think about it maybe per employee basis, the square foot per employee or something like that, you talked about variable costs versus freeing up capacity because when we look across what's been added from other players, it doesn't seem like there's a shortage of converting capacity in the marketplace. So it seems a little circular to free up capacity. So how do you think about that balance? Or maybe again, like you said, quantify for us, oh, this many plants we see is there's cost savings and productivity on the cost side, and here is where we have a bottleneck issue? Thanks.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So you're touching on something that's very, very important. And one of the conundrum, when you look at it at the highest level. So when you look at converting capacity on the highest level, you're absolutely right. There is not a shortage of converting capacity in the United States. However, region by region, that is not true, right? So as you look region by region, you have places that have way too much capacity and you have places that do not have enough. And one of the mistakes that we have made over time is we have not made the tough choices and then the aggressive choice is about finding that right balance. So taking capacity out of places where we shouldn't have it and then investing aggressively in places that we should have it. I think that's what we're trying to do is, we're trying to find that right balance. And really look very importantly, the places that we have real strength in a really differentiated position, we need to play ball there, right? We've got to play, and we've kind of play to win in the places that we're a little bit on our heels. We got to retrench, and we got a sub-segment. We got to get to places where we can win. And so we've got to be very thoughtful. I mean this – again, one of the most exciting things about this business in the U.S. and in Europe is that this is a local business. I mean, this is a very, very local business, which actually, it ended up looking a lot more like what I had [indiscernible], right, which is you can be highly decentralized. You can build strategies that are around working with local customers because – when you think about how local the businesses is that the overlay of that is there tend to be very specific market segments that are in those locations, right. There's general market segments and then there's specific market segments. And the performance requirements of those market segments are different. And so while the general strategies are the same, when you think about low cost position, when you think about service excellence, when you think about investing in strength locally, how that is actually executed based on the needs of the market is very different. And we should be different. We should allow our people to be entrepreneurial and allow them to drive that differentiation in the market, but then allow IP and therefore, competitively to have a huge advantage because of our scale and our scope.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. You talked a lot about early wins and stuff you're encouraged by and maybe this is just the – I'm always cautious or I mean that way. Are there examples or things when you've walked across the organization and have been meeting with – looking at assets and things like that where I don't want to say you stub your toe, but it brought more of your attention or things that could trip us up.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. There are a few things that I look at that I know we've got – they are potential bottlenecks or roadblocks to success. I think that's what you're getting. So again, one of the reasons of the early focus on Memphis and this is no one's fault. To be clear, the people who live and work here in Memphis are working their tails off and they're doing exactly what they're being asked to do and they're trying to do it with excellence. But the bottom line is we created a matrix structure that's really, really, really hard to work through, right? That's what we have. It makes it very complicated. It makes it difficult to understand what the priorities are and who your boss is. And at the end of the day, the boss is the customer, right? The customer is the boss. And we need to be aligned to the customer, not to the CEO, not to the Board of Directors, not to you folks the investor, sorry, but it's to customers. And we needed to be aligned there, and we weren't. And so the reason for the early focus around that is working through that. The reason I mention this is that I am not a [indiscernible] here, just because we've made the announcements and we've made the structural changes people are used to decades of work, right? And there's a lot of institutional memory. We have to change how we actually work. And that is a potential stumbling block is that we don't change how we work. That's one of the reasons of bringing the strategy deployment process in and deploying 80/20. So every single function. And I'll give a goofy example of this, our earnings prep, right? So we 80/20 our earnings prep. I can't even estimate how much time we took out of [indiscernible] 50%, 60%. Just of the prep because, frankly, guys, we were trying to answer every potential question it could ever come out of anything you would ever ask. Well, we're not going to – and so let's get to the 80%. Let's get to the things that really matter. We know the general questions you guys are going to work on, and let's get the answers to that with excellence. And I know that sounds like a goofy example, but the downstream work that gets caused by stuff like that, things like how we do capital, things like how we do budgets. Those things matter. And so we have to change how those things happen. And let's remember, four weeks ago, there were 2,600 people who you would define is working in the corporate center. That's what you have defined as a corporate center. Today, it's 226, right? That doesn't mean all those people went away. That is not what happened, right? You saw the number of people that we announced that are leaving the organization. And again, we're doing everything to make sure that those folks land in a good place on their feet. But the reality is that we don't need 2,600 people in the center. We need 226 at the center because we get to zero up, and that's what we need to be excellent at the functions of running a corporate – public corporate company. Everybody else is in the business. So everybody else is now aligned with the boss and the boss is the customer.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you for that.
Andrew Silvernail: Awesome.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back over to Andy Silvernail for any closing comments.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, I want to thank all of you for taking your time and spending time listening today to our journey. Again, just a tremendous amount of work that has gone in, in the last six months. I'm incredibly proud of this team for all they've done. Also, let's remember that organizations are made of people. And the things that we're doing are tough. We are having to do the tough stuff so we can get to the good stuff. That means that people are impacted. And I'm really mindful about that. And we are going to move with pace. We are going to move with excellence. We are going to do the right things. And even though it's difficult, we are doing the right things and we're doing the right things because the goal is to build a great organization that delivers for our customers. It delivers for our owners. And when that happens, we deliver for our people. And so as we move through this and turn this into something very special, we're going to do it through our people and I'm proud to be part of this team. I'm proud of what we have here, and I feel great about the direction we're heading. So thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in International Paper's third quarter 2024 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Allan. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Andy Silvernail, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There was important information at the beginning of our presentation including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements can be found in our press releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. With that, I'll turn it over to Andy Silvernail.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mark. Hey, good morning to everybody in the Americas and good afternoon to all of our friends in Europe. I'm excited to have joined the IP team with our rich history, important mission, and dedicated, talented people. Prior to joining IP, I spent a decade as CEO of IDEX Corporation, where we delivered strong, consistent results through great teams, customer obsession, and embracing an 80/20 operating system. I also spent several years working with private equity, where speed and impact are at a premium. I've been asked many times since my announcement, why IP? The bottom line is that through my deep diligence, very similar to how I approach acquisitions, I found a company that matters in terms of its mission, a company with solid underpinnings, and a company with a lot of opportunity for improvement and significant upside potential. It is absolutely a diamond in the rough. I spent my first 90 days on a learning journey with the goal of getting fact-based insights, aligning the team, dimensionalizing the opportunity, and launching the improvement plan. It's been a powerful experience, an opportunity to speak with employees, customers, suppliers, and investors. All of this has reinforced my initial beliefs and opened new insights. Let's turn to slide five. So before we go through the quarter, I'm going to talk about the case for change International Paper. And later in the presentation, I'm also going to talk about what we're planning to do differently to drive significant change at IP and significantly improve performance. So I'm going to spend a few minutes walking you through some of the data that highlights the challenges we faced as a company in a very candid, fact-based way. The data and feedback have told me that most of our performance issues are self-induced. And as a result, these can be fixed with intense focus on the right strategy and courage to do what must be done. I'm going to start on slide six. You can see 10 years of data here. These are the facts that I know as owners of IP you appreciate. We have underperformed on every meaningful metric. You can see the realities of sales, margin, and profitability decline. And although it's not on this chart, our return on invested capital has followed the same trend and is underwater today. I want you, as our share owners, to know I understand this is totally unacceptable and we are going to fix it. But to fix it, we need to understand the root cause, we must face the brutal facts and do something very different. Let's go to slide seven. IP's performance deterioration has been exacerbated by some very important choices in capital allocation and resource allocation. You can see over the past decade, we've spent more than $35 billion, including returning cash to share owners, making investments, and improving the balance sheet. Let me start with the efforts around the balance sheet. We made excellent choices here, deleveraging and funding our pension. A strong balance sheet is foundational and gives us great degrees of freedom for value creation. But we've also spent more than $12 billion on dividends and share repurchases. Both of these tools can create substantial value if used well, but are value destructive if used poorly. IP will pay an attractive dividend. We can support our dividend at the current level and we will grow into it as performance improves. But as I think about share repurchases, when and how you do it really matters. As with most companies, IP purchased shares when cash was generated, but not in the mind of maximizing the opportunity based on market factors and intrinsic value. The remaining spend, $2 billion on acquisitions and $12 billion on CapEx have not generated the returns we expect. I'm now turning to slide eight. Importantly, our spending since 2018 on investments that drive performance for customers and productivity have lagged. I'm not saying that we can't be more efficient with capital than our competition, but we pushed the envelope too far. While our mills are well capitalized and advantaged, we spent too much on unproductive capacity and haven't stayed ahead of the curve. We have under-invested in our box system. On the right-hand side is where you can see this show up. We've underspent on maintenance and repair, and this is the heartbeat of our operations and what drives reliability for our customers and productivity. These numbers are supported by the conversations I'm having with our folks across our system, particularly in maintenance. We've got an incredibly long list of great opportunities that need capital to drive performance for our customers and expand profitability. When we're driving excellent reliability internally, we get excellent reliability externally, and we will excel for our customers and get paid for value. That means we've got to spend some money. And I believe we can do that with capital playing in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion per year. If opportunities exist and drive results, by expanding those investments, we will do so. I'm turning to Slide nine. This is probably the most important slide that we're going to go through here today, that and capital allocation. The lack of investment back into the businesses has directly contributed to a cost problem. Operating costs have ballooned on modest sales growth. The good part here is that it's in our control. We can attack this and control our own destiny. What doesn't show up on this page is the impact of the slippage of reliability for our customers. Reliability, defined as quality, delivery, and service, is the most important factor for the vast majority of our customers. We made our own bed here under investing in cost that has lost its market share over the past decade. The share loss will continue over the near term, but again, we know how to reverse this and control our own destiny. We've done a lot of work commercially to position ourselves correctly in the market. We've made sensible value over volume trade-offs recently, and we're ramping up our commercial talent, capability, and incentives. We have lost other share where we let customers down. We will change this by being the leader in reliability. We've made some solid progress in on-time delivery, and our corrugator and converter capacity is up. But we have more to do to arrest the share slide. I'm now turning to slide 10. I'll talk about this of where to build from and things to improve. IP has a strong culture of ethics. We work with integrity. This is a really hard thing to change within an organization, and we have a great foundation here. We have talented, experienced people up and down the organization. I'm finding them willing to face the reality and embrace significant change. My team wants to win. They are tired of getting their butts kicked. My job is to focus and align them on the critical few and away from the trivial many. The strongest thing we have to build from is our North American Packaging franchise. Our packaging franchise is incredibly valuable and has tremendous upside potential with the right strategy. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a strong financial foundation. Turning to the opportunities for improvement, we are embracing an 80/20 operating system to do four things. First, an outside-in customer-driven strategy that differentiates through reliability and leverages our reach. Second, optimize our cost structure. Third, align our team and resources toward differentiation and profitable growth. Finally, we will instill a high-performance culture that achieves superior results. In a little bit, I'm going to talk about how we are embracing 80/20 to drive results. So now let me turn to the second quarter about performance and the outlook. I'll share some highlights and then turn it over to Tim to walk through the details. I'm now on slide 12. Our second quarter earnings were higher than the first quarter, but relatively unchanged year-over-year. We saw a sequential improvement driven by higher sales across our sales prices across the portfolio, and we got benefit from seasonally higher box volumes. Regarding the market environment, they were stable to moderately better demand. However, IP's packaging volumes came in below our expectations and continued to lag the overall market, and that will continue for some time. We've seen expected volumes decline from repositioning and optimizing value and volume. We do have residual effect from a history of underinvesting in certain regions and markets where we have ongoing reliability and capacity issues that we are addressing and have seen improvement in already. We need to make sure that we are close to the market, pricing appropriately, and investing to be the leader in reliability. As I mentioned earlier, we're focused on investing and differentiation, and we are seeing specific results that are leading indicators to positive change. It will, however, be messy over the next three to four quarters. We expect near-term performance to be challenged by seasonally lower volumes and higher mill outage expense. With that, I'll turn it over to Tim to provide more details about our second quarter performance and our outlook.
Timothy Nicholls: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide 13 now, where I'll provide the details around the second quarter as we walk through the sequential earnings bridge. Second quarter adjusted operating earnings per share was $0.55 as compared to $0.17 in the first quarter. Recall that the first quarter included a $0.10 per share drag related to the January freeze and the Ixtac box plant fire. Price of mix was higher by $0.23 per share driven by the flow through of prior price index movements as well as margin and mixed benefits from successfully executing our Box Go-to-Market strategy and our GCF optimization strategy. Volume was favorable by $0.06 per share. Although we continue to see favorable demand trends, deploying our commercial strategies across the portfolio continues to impact volumes in the near term as expected as we transition based on our strategy. Operations and cost was unfavorable by $0.01 per share sequentially. This is largely from the impact of inflation, higher S&A, and spending to improve reliability in our packaging business. Partially offset by mill efficiencies following the pulp machine closure at our Riegelwood Mill. Maintenance outages were lowered by $16 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter and input costs were overall flat sequentially with decreased costs for energy and freight offsetting increased costs for OCC and chemicals. And finally, corporate items favorably impacted earnings by $0.07 per share sequentially due to a lower effective tax rate. Turning to the segments and starting with industrial packaging, second quarter results on slide 14, price and mix was higher due to the realization of approximately $45 million of benefits from prior index movement. Additionally, benefits from our Box Go-to-Market strategy contributed approximately $25 million of earnings benefit from improved margins and mix. And higher export and mix contributed approximately $21 million. Volume was higher by $27 million sequentially given stable to improving demand trends we are seeing. However, as expected, our Box Go-to-Market strategy is about making choices that impacts our volume in the near term. Although we expect to trail the industry for the next few quarters, we believe our Box Go-to-Market strategy will allow us to improve our margins and mix over the long-term. Operations and costs was $43 million unfavorable sequentially due to the impacts of inflation, higher S&A, and spending to improve reliability. Planned maintenance outages were higher by $3 million sequentially and input costs were $3 million favorable primarily due to lower energy more than offsetting higher OCC costs. Moving to slide 15, I'll cover the Global Cellulose Fiber second quarter. Price and mix was sequentially higher by $22 million due to the price index movement and GCF optimization strategy driving benefits from higher absorbent pulp mix and the reduction in commodity grades. Volume sequentially was relatively flat overall as improved demand for absorbent pulp was offset by lower cells of commodity grades as we continue to focus on strategically aligning our business with the most attractive customers and segments. Operations and costs was favorable sequentially by $36 million. A large portion of this benefit is related to the pulp machine closure at our mill in Riegelwood, North Carolina. Planned maintenance outages were lower in the second quarter by $19 million as planned. And finally, input costs were higher by $1 million with lower energy costs not quite offsetting higher chemical and wood costs. Turning to slide 16, I'm going to provide our outlook for the third quarter. As Andy said earlier, we expect lower sequential earnings due to volume decline and higher costs offsetting benefits from the prior price index increases. For our industrial packaging segment, earnings are expected to be down sequentially in the third quarter by approximately $160 million. And earnings will be relatively flat for Global Cellulose Fibers. Now let me give you the breakdown. I'll start with industrial packaging. We expect price and mix to improve earnings by approximately $60 million sequentially. This is the result of prior index movement in North America as well as higher export prices to date. I would also note that approximately $13 million of the expected improvement is related to our Box Go-to-Market strategy. Volume is expected to decrease earnings by approximately $65 million due to one less shipping day and seasonally lower demand. We expect operations and costs to decrease earnings by approximately $80 million. This includes higher reliability spending, labor and benefits costs during the summer months, and higher unabsorbed fixed costs. Higher maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease earnings by approximately $44 million. And lastly, higher input costs are expected to decrease earnings by approximately $30 million, primarily due to higher energy costs. Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to increase earnings by approximately $10 million as a result of prior index movement. Volume is expected to decrease earnings in the third quarter by approximately $5 million due to seasonally lower demand. We expect operations and costs to decrease earnings by approximately $25 million, largely due to higher distribution costs and timing of spend, as well as higher unabsorbed fixed costs. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings in the third quarter by approximately $25 million. And lastly, input costs are expected to be stable. With that, I'll turn it back over to Andy.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Tim. I'll pick back up on slide 17. For over a decade, I've embraced an 80/20 operating system that has consistently produced superior results for customers and shareholders. At Ixtac, 80/20 became part of our DNA, and we delivered over 500% TSR over my tenure. One of the reasons I joined IP is that through my diligence, I found a very compelling case where 80/20 can produce significant results. 80/20 is a data-driven methodology that creates laser-like focus on customers, products, and resources that drive dramatic profitable growth. It's about simplifying so we can say yes to the critical few and no to the trivial many that create value-destroying complexity. Using this approach, we are reviewing the entire portfolio and sub segments as well as our enterprise functions. I'm now turning to slide 18 to talk about our 80/20 methodology. There are four steps to 80/20 that we're taking our entire business through and then sub segments of our business and the enterprise. Step one is about simplifying customers and products quickly to focus on attractive markets. We should never become good at something we shouldn't have done in the first place. Step two, we want to segment unlike businesses so we can focus on winning for the customer and driving results. Step three, we're going to align minimum resources. Different businesses have different resource intensity. We need to give them uniquely what they need to win. Step four is accelerating profitable growth through customer obsession that shows itself in great quality, delivery, service, value-based pricing, and innovation. Now let's turn to slide 19. The most important insight of 80/20 is the misalignment of what drives a business and how resources are typically applied. I've deployed 80/20 dozens of times and found this to be universally true. We had 40 businesses at Ixtac, and I brought the approach to private equity also. The bottom line is that unaffected, complexity grows out of control and each resources. IP is a very complex business, but we're complex by choice, not by necessity. We will simplify and focus IP. We will improve profitability while at the same time liberating resources to invest in differentiated capabilities for the most attractive customers, products, productivity, and capital allocation. My experience is that 80/20 is a highly differentiated approach that demands facing the brutal facts and by making courageous choices that dramatically improve results. Now let's turn to slide 20. So what will you, our customers, and our team experience? First, we will simplify to focus on the businesses, customers, and products where we will invest long-term and differentiate. Second, we'll segment the businesses to stand on their own. Third, we will zero up each business. You're going to hear that term zero up often, but we're going to zero up each business. This means we will rigorously understand what resources are needed to win for customers and deliver attractive profitability. Fourth, we will commit and align our people and our investment. Finally, we'll place authority and accountability close to the customer and decision-making to drive outstanding results. We'll take the same approach to the corporate center. Through the zero up, we are determining the minimum resources required to be a public company and then being very strategic about a small handful of things we will invest in to differentiate across the company. Turning to slide 21. We will be relentless in applying 80/20 across IP. We launched 80/20 shortly after I joined. We actually started the data process before I joined. We've completed much of the analytics that point us towards opportunity. IP has attractive and substantial upside. I believe that the current portfolio of IP has the potential to deliver $4 billion of EBITDA in a mid-cycle environment. The key drivers will be optimizing our cost structure to improve profitability, and very importantly, liberate resources. Investing in box plants for reliability and productivity. Investing in our mills for long-term performance and cost advantage. And investing in our commercial capabilities for innovation and sales talent. Ultimately, these will allow us to win for our customers and be rewarded for the value that we create for our customers. I'm turning to my final slide on 22. We're going to be laser focused, working with the teams to accelerate 80/20 and begin implementation. I commit to continue to engage with you and share updates. We're planning a roadshow in September, and we're also attending conferences. We'll update you on our progress at our next earnings call in October. We expect that required disclosure documents related to DS Smith acquisition will be published in late summer, and related meetings held in the early fall. And we will offer an 80/20 101 webinar on August 14th to give you an opportunity to learn more about 80/20 and how it drives change and results. So you'll get an invitation to attend that. Finally, we're going to have an Investor Day in March. This will give us an opportunity to share our progress at that time. The last thing that I want to say is I want to say thank you to the IP team. I have pushed them very hard in a very short period of time. I found people to be willing and able to tackle this important mission. People are bought into what we're trying to do, they understand the stakes at hand, and we're going after it. With that, let me turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Michael Roxland: Thanks very much, Andy, Tim, and Mark for taking my questions, and congrats on a good quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Roxland: Morning. Wanted to get a little more color for you, Andy, on the 80/20 and also the box strategy. Obviously, you're pooling the portfolio for unprofitable business. How much of the business you intend to walk away from, or that you have walked away from, is truly unprofitable, where IP is actually losing money, rather than maybe it's just lower EBITDA or lower EBITDA margin business relative to other businesses?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Mike, that's a great question. So, look, a lot of people have the first experience that effectively what you're saying is you're going to exit a bunch of business. And what I have found to be true is, and again, having done this many, many times, that is actually not practically what happens over a very short period of time, an intermediate period of time, call it a year or two. What ends up happening is what you're doing is you're segmenting your business, you're understanding the drivers for those customers and those products, and you are really aggressively aligning resources, minimum resources, for what's required to win. And so, when we think of profitability, if you peanut butter spread overheads, which is what most companies do, right? You peanut butter spread most overhead. What you do is you're effectively saying your most attractive customers and your most attractive products, they typically get overburdened with overhead. So, it actually, it shows them in a typical accounting system, right? The peanut butter spreads overhead. It spreads them usually by revenue. And so, what you end up having, right, is an understatement of profitability for your most attractive segments and an overstatement of profitability for your less attractive. That being said, when you structure this correctly, when you go through segmentation, you simplify and go through segmentation, you're aligning the appropriate resources. And what I found when you're doing that, we use a gardening example, right? We use a farming example. That's why I showed those farming pictures. So, think of it as, you're farming and you make a decision that the thing you're going to farm for are tomatoes and pumpkins right that's what you decide you're going to farm for. So you simplify that's what we're going to do. When you segment you realize that tomatoes and pumpkins actually need different resources. So a pumpkin will take as much water as you can possibly give it and a tomato if you give it too much you're going to kill it. And so if you actually put them together you give them just enough water so both of them die, right? And it's a tough analogy but it's a true analogy. And what I would say is we are going to aggressively segment and we're going to give them just the water that they need to flourish. And what I found historically is there you can actually recover any volume loss that you decide you can actually recover from it pretty shortly because you're satisfying customer needs you're meeting customers where they are with the right amount of resources and you're getting real profitability which then drives returns long-term.
Michael Roxland: Got you. Very, very clear. My follow-up then is how do you tend to deploy 80/20 with DS Smith because doesn't that add some complexity to the system I mean you mentioned trying to keep things simple and so with DS Smith being -- if when it closes I just walk us through how you're thinking about deploying 80/20 here standalone and then ultimately try to do that approach with DS Smith as well. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: Yes Mike that's another great question. So the first thing is let's start with first principles when we buy the business right which is we want to segment. The reality is what happens in the North American market has very little influence on what happens in the in the European market, right. From a competitive standpoint because of the nature of the geography and the fact that the box businesses compete in a 150 to 200 mile radius the competitive issues don't overlap. And frankly the teams don't overlap. And so as we acquire DS Smith, what's really important is to treat it as its own platform in Europe. So there are really as I've said a few times to people, there -- they think of this as kind of three different pieces of integration. There's a relatively simple integration that happens in the Americas, right. They have a small handful of assets in the Americas that will integrate into our mills into our box system. It's a pretty small footprint. And in Europe it's really DS Smith that is integrating our European footprint. They are multiple times our size. They have done large acquisitions in the past. It's a capable team of people and so we have a wonderful team by the way in Europe that punch way above their weight. And so we're going to end up with a terrific overall team in Europe, but the integration is going to happen that way. And so that's infact, we'll focus our 80/20 efforts specifically in those regions in those sub regions of where they matter. And then the third part is corporate, and we had a call with our top leadership here this morning and I was very clear to them, we need to be incredibly smart about this integration at the corporate level. At the corporate level there's really only three things that have to happen. There are a few things that are shared and they're relatively small to get the savings that we know are out there and we should go get and it's a very small team of people who need to work on that. More importantly, is we need to bring them in, so we can close the books and be compliant, right? This is a public company that's very capable. What I don't want to do is overburden them, drive unnecessary administrative DS [ph] and things that destroy value, right? So the beautiful part is we're going to do this from scratch, and we're doing it with a business that is really terrific. And so that thinking has to start up front, Mike.
Operator: Our next question will come from Charlie Muir-Sands with BNP Paribas. Go ahead.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andy Silvernail: Hi, Charlie.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Regarding the -- thanks. Just regarding the reliability spending which is one of the sequential increases in the costs you've called out in the bridge into Q3. I guess you were talking about that a quarter ago already. How much of this 80 million step up it relates to that kind of spending as opposed to the seasonality and other aspects and how much of that should we think about being part of an ongoing run rate now or is it just a sort of short surge and then you compare it back again? Thank you.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Hey good morning Charlie. It's Tim. So I would say there's a significant portion of it that's directly tied to reliability. We do have there's a little bit of timing between quarters and we did underspend the estimate that we thought for the second quarter. So some of that is bleeding [ph] into the third. But in terms of ongoing reliability spending, I think you can think of it over the next three, four, five quarters where we are getting the system to the point that it can sustainably be reliable and open up capacity.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and I'd add to that, Charlie. I think very importantly, the 80/20 methodology, if you think of it in two buckets, one is you improve profits, right? So we put some of it in our pockets and it's for you guys. And then a big piece of it is about liberating resources, right? And we know full well that we're not coming to you guys and asking for more money, right? We've got to figure out how to do this in the resource base we have and we've got plenty to go from with tough choices. And so this should be self-funding, we should liberate resources, and we should be able to accelerate spending and reliability. I mean, it is, it's hard to overstate how important this is, right? When you look at the vast majority of customers, and I'm going to say 80 plus percent of customers, they, by far, their number one concern or their number one goal is reliability. They do not want to think about us, to be very clear, right? They do not want to think about us, and if we are a partner with them who solves their problems and does it in the right way, we're in a great spot, and we've let folks down, right? We have let folks down in the last five to ten years on this regard. The nice part is this is something that's relatively easy to fix, right? So if you look at the focus reliability spending that's happened just since I've been here, you're already starting to see benefits. So if you think about a corrugator and converting assets, right, that dramatically improves our capability, and as you up maintenance spending and you don't have breakdowns that also dramatically improves reliability. So this is a critically important part of the game. If you break it into three pieces, right, reliability, the reach that we have, our depth and breadth geographically is a tremendous asset, and then ultimately innovation. And so we need to invest in those pieces, and we need to self-fund it.
Charlie Muir-Sands: Thank you. My follow-up question just relates back to the go-to-market strategy. It's obviously been another 13 weeks since you effectively implemented it. It appears so far that the pace of market share losses has probably been stable. We haven't obviously seen every competitor report or the industry data yet. But are you confident that there is a NPV positive payoff going on, and there's no risk that customers aren't still shopping around, and maybe three, six months down the line you're going to see another wave of departures?
Andy Silvernail: That's a great question, Charlie. So what I would say in terms of high confidence, right? So we're tracking that, and we know what has been -- what agreements have been signed, and we know what has been -- what is unsigned, right? So we know where we have gotten -- where deals are done and where they're not. I think Tim was -- do you think it's kind of where 75% plus -- 75% kind of through that in terms of -- I'm going to say the contractual deals, how that flows still takes time, right? It takes time to flow through the system. So we're very much on track with the expectations. If you look at the accounts where we have really applied this go-to-market strategy, we are very much in line with the expectations. So that feels good. The negative surprise, and I think the negative surprise, over the next few quarters and why I'm signaling exactly what I'm signaling is that, there is a lag to reliability, right? So the stuff that was being shopped in the first and second quarter because people weren't getting the things that they needed, how they needed it, that's showing up now and will continue to show up. So those two things together are the net of market share loss. And that pipeline, unlike some businesses that go into a quarter with say, half the business book. So in my IDEX stage, we had about half the business book when we went into a quarter. We don't have that here, right? So it's hard to look at a correlation against something like that. So what you're really looking at is the health of the pipeline. And I would say we're okay at that. We got work to do to get really good at that. And I'm working with Tom Hammack and team to get much, much better at understanding the pipeline, what that looks like over time, and having the ability to call that in a way that's based on stuff that we know uniquely versus the overall economy. And so we got to get better there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, thanks for laying out an exciting vision for the future, but I'm still sort of trying to work through a little bit why the magnitude of pain, short term? And has reliability or those issues become even more significant that's leading to what looks to be an accelerated decline in the box volumes? Maybe if you can just kind of walk how much of it was the go-to market versus the reliability and is that different?
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you actually look at the balance of go-to market and I'll call it other stuff, right, let's just call it other. The total is about 50-50, right? So if I look at now through really the second quarter and we believe that that would be investments in reliability, that other part shrinks and we feel like we're dialed in on the go-to market piece of that. So that's kind of how it plays out. No, reliability hasn't gotten worse, but I think what it's doing is the timing of how it moves through the system. And look, overall, the pricing environment has gotten more robust, right? So people are shopping more in the overall environment. And so our ability to make sure we're the leaders in reliability consistently on an ongoing basis is the game. And so look Mark, there's no doubt in my mind that this is going to be bumpy, right, as we work through this and the investments are going to take some time. It's not three years away, that's not what I mean, but I think the next three or four quarters, we're going to see some chopping there and it's going to be a little bit hard to call. And that's a conversation I know I've had with a lot of people who are on the call today. That is my expectation and that is what's playing out.
Mark Weintraub: Can you share, I know you noted that you expect now the industry to be up about 1% to 2%. Can you share what you expect IPs, box shipments, this year to be relative to last year?
Timothy Nicholls: For the quarter or for the year, Mark?
Mark Weintraub: For the year.
Timothy Nicholls: For the year, it's really hard and we can't forecast the fourth quarter because of issues with the transaction. Look, I think Andy said it, there's chop and we're going to have some up and down, but we're working with the market, 1% to 2%, and we've got to see how all of these negotiations play out and the follow through on getting the price to a competitive level and then what that means for volume.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and I think I add on there, Mark, just so everyone on the call is very, very clear and so you don't think we're being cagey about it. We actually have a legal responsibility through the U.K. takeover code. We cannot say anything that is construed as a forecast for the fourth quarter. That would trigger a whole bunch of things. So we can share in the normal course of business how we look at the third quarter. We're not allowed to share with time specificity and outlook past that without going through some very specific steps that we will go through as we post the proxy. We do have to go through that, but we have to be very careful on this call. So I apologize for that opaqueness, but we really have a responsibility that we have to keep to.
Operator: Your next question will come from Gaurav Jain with Barclays.
Gaurav Jain: Thank you for taking my question. So two from me. One, this uplift in EBITDA from $2 billion to $4 billion, does it include DS Smith’s EBITDA? Or this is just for IP?
Andy Silvernail: No, it does not. No, that does not include it. No, that is for the current IP portfolio.
Gaurav Jain: Sure, thank you. And then like it's a very big jump in EBITDA and you are not really calling out any incremental CapEx over and above what the run rate has been. So, like the return on these incremental investments is significantly high and probably more than anything we have seen in the industry. So what does, like are you budgeting for CapEx in the guidance properly?
Timothy Nicholls: So I think the question was around capital spending to support the value growth.
Gaurav Jain: Yes.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, so what we're looking at is somewhere between a $1 billion and $1.2 billion one on a normalized basis. There could be periods where because of the opportunity, we might want to invest a little bit above that level to support the strategy. But it's really largely around the same level of capital that we normally target. We think we can do it within that.
Andy Silvernail: But I think very importantly, right? How that capital is going to be spent is going to be different, right? So I would say one of the sins of the past, so to speak, if you look at all that capital spending that I outlined in the discussion in the prepared remarks, if you look at that capital spending over the last 10 years, that peanut butter spread mentality, the whipsaw of chasing bad investments or assets that are deteriorating, that eats up a dramatic disproportionate amount of our investment. And so our ability to focus that on the right assets in the right geographies, box plant and in mills in the U.S. and in Europe is going to be very important, right? So as you think about the sheer change that could happen by location it can be pretty substantial. And we did that pretty dramatically at IDEX, right? When we made those choices. Our CapEx, it went up a little bit. But more than anything else, it got proportioned very differently. It got proportion towards building sustainable competitive advantage. It got proportioned to drive productivity. It got proportioned to really a great work environment. And in that environment, right, we drove about 700, 800 basis points of ROIC over that time frame. And so I know it can be done. And the great part here is we have -- because of the nature of our assets and the focus of our assets, we know how to pull this off, right? We just have to have the courage to move the resources and make the tough choices.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Silvernail: Hey, Gabe good morning.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning. I appreciate the candor and transparency and also [Indiscernible] pumpkins and peanut butter and getting me ready for lunch. I wanted to go to Slide eight, the prior question sort of asked what I was thinking on the 1.5 points to differential and CapEx relative to your peers. You addressed that -- the fees for the 7 per million square feet the $0.40 differential. Should I interpret that as, okay, maintenance costs have come up to, I think, this year, now you're talking about $530 million is that there's another $40 million to $50 million in there, all else equal. Or does that piece of it get reflected in ops and costs? How should we think about that?
Andy Silvernail: Yes. I think it's more just going to show up in option cost. There is capital investment that goes into maintenance and repair, but this number is about operating costs.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then you talked about wanting to be self-funded free up resources and one of the implications here is seemingly free up some capacity, which in today's environment isn't necessarily what IP or the industry needs. And you're also saying, hey, 80/20, we need to focus on what's important. Should we take away from that, that there could be some additional capacity coming out of the system as you work through this process over the next medium term, if you will?
Andy Silvernail: You have to expect that, right? I mean, ultimately, when you think about our overall cost buckets, we've got to make sure we match capacity with overall demand with opportunity to be successful, right? So we've got to be very thoughtful about that. We'll do it appropriately as we do that. But as we think about structural cost, we got to be honest about where the structural costs are.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Andy, the presentation was pretty inspirational here. I guess in many aspects, this is a hard reset in the IP culture kind of running it from more of a commodity business to more entrepreneurial and focus on the box side of things being profitable. I guess my question is, how has the buying been internally? And then these investments you're making on reliability, certainly, there's going to be some drag in the next few quarters. When do we kind of start seeing that ramp up on the positive side and flow through a little more fully? And lastly, do you have the right people in infrastructure, help you be informed to make these decisions in terms of where you want to align capital in the right places?
Andy Silvernail: I think, look, one of the major positive surprises when you come into a situation like this, right, long-term poor performance and not kind of dealing with some of the major issues that need to be dealt with. You worry about what you're going to find, right? You worry about what you're going to find. And I will tell you, I have been extremely positively surprised by the capability and the willingness. So the team is willing and they are able. The pent-up frustration and the pent-up excitement about running this company the way it should be run is palatable. And what I have seen is just people grabbing on to a desire to get better and very specifically, grabbing on to 80/20, right? We are moving at a pace. Again, I've done this an awful lot. And the pace at which this group has been willing to engage and their ability to engage has been frankly inspiring. They've done a great job with that. And so we've got great people at IP. I'll put this group against any group of people. And I mean up and down the organization, I've spent a lot of time in box plants and mills. We've got great people. My father in law was a 37-year IP employee. When IP bought Champion back a long time ago, my father in law went with that. He retired as an IP employee. So right after he asked me whether or not his pension was safe, we talked a lot about maintenance. And so I have a real affinity for those folks within our business. And when I go and I talk to them, these people are fantastic, right? They're absolutely fantastic. I came in this morning, I was given a hat from our Riegelwood facility, and it's a precision maintenance hat. I went there and I had a chance to sit in on some bearings training and listening to these folks, these are incredibly capable folks who they need the focus and they need the resources to win. They know how to do with the list of high-return projects by facility, by location is awesome. And the need for us to allow them to win we need for us to -- they need us to allow them to win. So I feel really good about the team and about the engagement. Look, we're going into the next phase of this, right? In the next phase, there are kind of tough phases here. One is the buy-in, which you had talked about, and we've got it, we have got buy-in. And frankly, our overall performance and other events that have happened recently, those are things that really solidify people into where they are, right? They understand what the stakes are. And that sense of urgency is very high within this group. They're very capable people. So we've passed that first test. The second test is now the doing of the hard things. Right now, we've got to go do them. And that will be -- we're going to move very quickly, but you also have to move intentionally, right? You've got to be very smart about that. You've got to think about those strategies of how you win with customers, where you win with customers, and you need to invest very intentionally and ahead of the curve, so you make sure you're winning not hurting them, and we've got to do that and do that well. But I think this team is ready to do that.
Philip Ng: Got you. And then do you have all the infrastructure in place, Andy to make some of these decisions where you need to put capital work and where you've over invested perhaps? Have you aligned KPIs in terms of sales force and the box managers be more aligned with reliability pricing, net promoter scores kind of stuff for customer engagement?
Andy Silvernail: That's a great question. So I call it the scorecard, right? So one of the things that we've got to get better at here across the company is really having clarity of the metrics that drive results for our customers and drive results for our owners. And those things -- obviously, we've got tons of data. You can imagine our process environment, there's tons of data. But the data that really matters has got to stick out. So the basic stuff around safety, quality, on-time in full productivity and profitable growth. Those are the basic ones. I was in Cedar Rapids, Iowa last week, and the team does a great job there. It's an OCC mill that just does a phenomenal job. And they're probably a leader in terms of the linkage between what happens upstream in terms of our reliability capability, our production capabilities. You name it, you name the metric. And so they understand the levers. There also are probably first or second in the fleet and cost per ton, right? They're outstanding from that perspective. And so they really demonstrate they're kind of a great forerunner, so to speak, of what happens when you really measure cause and effect. So we are seeing that. Specifically commercially, right, as you think about the commercial side, moving incentives they're more tied to profitable growth versus volume is very important. -- Understanding, however, that you got to be competitive in the market, right? You've got to be competitive, you got to price to value, and that is very important, right? You've got to price where customers see your value. And we're getting better at understanding that. We've got room to go. We are significantly improving our sales talent across the business in terms of the number of people that we have and their capabilities. And we're seeing that pipeline grow because of that but you got to have clarity of metrics and incentives have to be tied to those metrics from the customer all the way through your production capability all the way through the supply chain. And that's something we've got work to do, and we're going to get better.
Operator: Your final question comes from Matthew McKellar with RBC.
Matthew McKellar: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Are you able to give any more specificity around the approximate time line to achieve that $4 billion EBITDA target maybe give us a sense of contribution from the Global Cellulose Fibers business that may be embedded in that target. And maybe with that, is there an updated view on whether that business is core to IP going forward? Thanks.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So in terms of timing, look, I apologize. We just -- as you can imagine, we wrestled with that question internally and we had to talk to lawyers and whatnot. But as we're involved with the DS Smith process, we can't, and if we do, it constitutes a forecast, and it triggers a whole bunch of messy things. So we have to be very, very careful of that. What I would say is that is a mid-cycle number. And it's not forever away, right? So we're not talking about 10 years away. It's not something like that. And so for those of you who know me, my track record is to move. And we're going to move, and that's going to be very, very important. Specifically, as we talk about GCF, let me talk about that more from the whole portfolio. We're looking at our whole portfolio, you have to, right? And you have to do it all the time. You don't do it once, you do it all the time you're reviewing your portfolio. And what I've said to folks is I started on May 1. And what I said out of the gate was we will not get to the May 1 and not have a decision. And I've said that to our people internally, have been very transparent that we got to go through a decision-making process, and we will make those decisions. Sooner is always better, right? It's always better to do those things. And so that would be my goal, sooner is better. And we have to follow a deliberate process. In terms of the magnitude, the impact of GCF on that overall number, it's very small, right? So there is no expectation that GCF is a giant proportion of that. And so we'll obviously be more detailed over time when we can be more detailed when we're allowed to be more detailed. And also, you're going to see some detail in the proxy. So the proxy is going to be filed in August. And the timing, I'm not exactly sure of, Tim. It's in August, that about right? Yes. So you're going to get more detail there. We'll have to -- we'll give more detail on the road show, what we can give, again, within the balance of what we can give. So between now and the third quarter earnings call, if you kind of bracket that time frame, so 90 days from now, we're going to give you a lot more detail here.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Thanks very much for the help. I'll turn it back.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So look, I want to say thank you again to everybody. We've got important work to do. We're very much in the data analysis phase and building the implementation plans. I think it's important to note that we're going to make decisions based on facts, and we still have some data together, and that is going to point us towards how to get a bunch of these opportunities. It's very clear, however, how much opportunity is out there and the detailed work we've already done shows that. So we will get more specific. We will time bound it as we move between now and the end of the year. But I think the key thing that I would ask people to take away is that we have control of the vast majority of this. We have control of that. We can control our own destiny. Yes, things are going to move in the market. We can't control that. But we can control what we do. We can control how we approach understanding our business and where we apply our resources and focusing on the right customers, the right products and the right assets to drive really outstanding results over time. So with that, I want to thank everybody very much for your time, for your partnership, and I look forward to talking to you here over the next months as we move through this process. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for your participating in today's International Paper's second quarter 2024 earnings call.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's First Quarter Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 There's important information at the beginning of our presentation, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains certain copies of the first quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides.
 I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 4 where I will highlight our results.
 Starting off the year, our teams across International Paper executed well with intense focus on taking care of our customers while accelerating commercial and mill optimization strategies. We are also encouraged to see positive market momentum as we continue to see signs of demand recovery. Additionally, sales price index has improved across our portfolio and the majority of this will flow through our contracts in future quarters. Our first quarter were generally in line with our outlook and represent a trough based on seasonally low volumes, higher OCC costs and the majority impact from the 2023 sales price index declines.
 Earnings were also on impacted by approximately $38 million from the January winter freeze and approximately $14 million from a significant fire that consumed our box plant in Ixtac, Mexico. Fortunately, no one was injured and our team to remain focused on taking care of our employees and customers as we manage through this incident. Also In the quarter, our teams across International Paper made significant progress executing our strategic initiatives.
 We realized significant margin and mix benefits from our Box Go-to-Market strategy, well above our initial expectations for the first quarter. In addition, we continue to make investments to strengthen our packaging businesses. We also realized benefits from our optimization strategy in Global Cellulose Fibers and from the fixed cost reduction initiatives in our mill system. These strategic initiatives across our portfolio are focused on accelerating margin improvement and driving profitable growth.
 In addition to this ongoing work, last week, we announced a catalyst to create significant value for shareholders through a highly compelling combination with DS Smith. This additional catalyst is something we look forward to working along with DS Smith team and continuing our conversations with investors regarding this opportunity.
 At this time, we do not have any additional information to share. So for today's call, including the Q&A session, we intend to focus specifically on International Paper's performance. I will now turn it over to Tim who will provide more details about our first quarter performance and also our outlook. Tim? 
Timothy Nicholls: Great. Thank you, Mark. Turning to our first quarter key financials on Slide 5. As Mark mentioned earlier, our first quarter earnings were generally in line with our outlook and represent a trough based on seasonally low volumes, higher OCC costs and the majority impact from the 2023 sales price index declines. Operating earnings and margins were also negatively impacted by approximately $52 million or $0.10 per share from the January winter freeze and the Ixtac box plant fire.
 For the quarter, we generated $144 million of free cash flow. As a reminder, our free cash flow in the first quarter of last year included a $193 million final settlement with the IRS related to IP's timber monetization structure. Looking ahead, we expect significant earnings improvement based on positive market trends and benefits from our commercial and cost improvement initiatives.
 Now I'll turn to Slide 6, and I'll provide more details about the quarter as we walk through the sequential earnings bridge. First quarter operating earnings per share was $0.17 as compared to $0.41 in quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the first quarter included $0.10 per share related to the January freeze and the Ixtac fire. Price and mix was higher by $0.14 per share, driven by significant margin and mix benefits from successfully executing our Box Go-to-Market strategy and our GCF optimization strategy. This was partially offset by the majority of prior sales price index declines from 2023.
 Volume was unfavorable by $0.08 per share primarily due to seasonally lower shipments across both segments as well as some impact from the winter storm in January. We continue to deploy our commercial strategies across the portfolio, focused on margin and mix improvement which has impacted volumes in the near term as we transition based on our strategy. Operations and costs were unfavorable by $0.13 per share sequentially. This included approximately $0.07 per share from the January winter freeze and the Ixtac box plant fire. The remainder was primarily due to cost inflation including the higher cost of employee benefits.
 The unfavorable impact to operating costs from seasonally lower volumes was offset by cost savings from our mill closure and machine shutdowns last year. Maintenance outages were higher by $16 million or $0.03 per in the first quarter. And input cost unfavorably impacted earnings by $0.07 per share sequentially, largely due to increased costs for OCC, with the remainder from higher energy and chemicals. And finally, corporate items unfavorably impacted earnings by $0.07 per share sequentially, primarily due to FX and reserve adjustments that were favorable in the fourth quarter.
 Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 7. Price and mix was higher due to significant benefit from our Box Go-to-Market strategy, which contributed approximately $110 million of earnings benefit from improved margins and mix. This was partially offset by the majority of prior sales price index declines on 2023, which negatively impacted earnings by approximately $53 million. With that said, the February index publication of $40 per ton increase will flow through our contracts primarily over the next couple of quarters. In addition, the commercial benefits from our Box Go-to-Market strategy exceeded our expectations for the first quarter and the commercial teams remain focused on pursuing additional opportunities going forward.
 Volume was lower as first quarter represents our seasonally lowest shipment quarter of the year and was also adversely impacted by the January freeze. Also, our Box Go-to-Market strategy is about making choices that will likely impact our volume in the near term, but will allow us to improve our margins and mix the long term. Although we expect to trail the industry for the next few quarters when measuring unit volume growth, we fully expect the volume impact to be tempered as we continue to transition toward our target mix of customers and invest in the business to maximize profitability.
 Operations and costs included a $34 million unfavorable impact from the January winter freeze and the Ixtac box plant fire in March. The remainder was primarily due to cost inflation, including items such as labor, materials, contracted maintenance services and higher cost of employee benefits. There was also lower fixed cost absorption from seasonally lower volumes. However, this was partially offset by $22 million of fixed cost savings from the Orange mill closure. Outside of the January freeze our mill system ran very well in the first quarter. Planned maintenance outages were higher by $26 million sequential and input costs were higher primarily due to higher OCC costs.
 On Slide 8, we thought it would be helpful to update you on segment trends for our North American packaging business like we did last quarter. We continue to see stable to improving demand across all end-use segments. Let me highlight some of the trends based on customer feedback. E-commerce continues to be very resilient, up mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis in quarter and significantly above pre-COVID levels.
 Food and beverage has been relatively stable overall. The overall Fresh Food segment continues to benefit from solid performance across the foodservice channel as well as consumer shifts toward make at-home mills in lieu of Processed Food and its convenience. The Processed Food segment is beginning to show signs of improvement as some and retailers are running promotions to improve sales volumes. The produce segment was about flat in the first quarter with a drag from wet weather in the Western U.S. However, this segment is expected to recover in the second quarter.
 And the Protein segment is improving following a period of supply reductions in beef and poultry. Poultry remains a preferred choice by consumers based on value. The beverage segment remains under pressure as budget-conscious consumers have reduced consumption of specialty beverages and bottled beer, which tend to be more packaging intensive.
 In summary, based on these trends, we believe industry box demand will grow approximately 2% to 3% in 2024. We understand the critical role of corrugated packaging plays and bringing essential products to consumers, and we believe that IP is well positioned to grow our customers -- with our customers over the long term.
 Moving to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 9. Price and mix was higher due to price index movement and the GCF optimization strategy driving benefits from higher absorbent pulp mix and the reduction of commodity grades. Volumes sequentially was relatively flat overall as improved demand for absorbent pulp was offset by lower sales of commodity grades as we continue to focus on strategic aligning our business with the most attractive customers and segments. Operations and cost was unfavorable sequentially due to the January freeze and cost inflation, including labor, materials, contracted services and higher cost of employee benefits and some timing of spend. 
 Most of this was offset by $12 million of lower fixed costs resulting from the 2 pulp machine closures at our Mills in Riegelwood, North Carolina and Pensacola, Florida. Planned maintenance outages were lower in quarter by $10 million and also included a $24 million outage related to the Georgetown's white papers machine that unfavorably impacted earnings in the first quarter, but is expected to be recovered throughout the year through an existing supply agreement with Sylvamo. Finally, input costs were higher by $7 million, primarily due to higher energy costs during the January 3.
 On Slide 10, we'll take a look at our second quarter outlook. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to improve earnings by $65 million sequentially. This is the result of the prior index movement in North America, higher export prices to date as well as continued progress with our Box Go-to-Market strategy. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $55 million, primarily due to seasonally higher daily with 1 more shipping day.
 Operations and cost is expected to decrease earnings by $70 million. This includes proactive maintenance spending beyond our full-scale mill annual outage program. As we anticipate continued demand recovery and increased equipment utilization, this spending is focused on improving productivity and efficiencies across our mills and box plant network. We will continue to experience additional inflation and higher S&A including additional commercial resources to support our Box Go-to-Market strategy.
 Higher maintenance outage expenses expected to decrease earnings by $4 million. Included in that total is a $19 million outage related to the Riverdale white papers machine that will be recovered throughout the year through an existing supply agreement with Sylvamo. And lastly, input costs are expected to be stable overall as higher OCC costs are expected to be offset by lower energy costs.
 Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to increase earnings by $15 million as a result of prior index movements. Volume is expected to remain flat as we reduce exposure to commodity grades and grow with absorbent pulp. Operations and costs are expected to increase earnings by $20 million, primarily due to lower fixed costs resulting from pulp machine closures in our Riegelwood and Pensacola mills, the nonrepeat of the January [ freight ] and time of spending.
 Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings in the second quarter by $19 million. This sequential improvement reflects the $24 million Georgetown paper outage that occurred in the first quarter, which we expect to recover throughout the rest of the year. And lastly, input costs are expected to be stable.
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. I'll turn to Slide 11 and give you some additional perspective on our progress we're making on our business strategies. 
 Our teams across International Paper are advancing our strategies and capturing significant value. In the packaging business, which is on the left-hand side of this slide, our Box Go-to-Market strategy is focused on enhancing our capabilities and strong value propositions to improve margins and mix. We are making choices that create value for our customers while maximizing the profitability of our packaging business.
 Earlier, Tim called out approximately $110 million of price and mix benefits realized in the first quarter. and we expect additional opportunities as we go through the year. In addition, we continue to make investments across our box network to improve our capabilities to serve customer needs and increase productivity. These projects have attractive financial returns and position our packaging businesses for profitable growth in the future.
 In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, we also realized benefits from our optimization strategy by aligning our resources with the most attractive customers and segments and exposure to commodity grades. This shows up as margin and mix improvements in the first quarter. Across the enterprise, we also optimized our mill system and realized $34 million of fixed cost savings in the first quarter. These strategic initiatives across our portfolio are focused on accelerating margin improvement and driving profitable growth and will remain a high priority for our teams at IP.
 Moving to Slide 12 and our CEO transition, I'd like to take a moment to express my personal gratitude for my journey with International Paper. It's been a privilege to be part of the IP family for my entire career. 4 years really goes by fast. When you work with outstanding people at a great company. While I enjoyed all the various roles and opportunities, I'm truly humbled and honored to have served as IP's leader for the past decade. During this time, we have become a more focused company and our financial foundation is strong, as are the principles and core values that guide our actions and decisions about how we operate.
 Our team knows our mission matters that we improve people's lives by using renewable resources to make people depend on every day. We understand how important it is to help our customers solve problems and achieve their goods. And we're laser-focused on the things that are improving the company and making IP a very well positioned company for the future. I'm incredibly proud of our employees. I have seen them demonstrate time and time again their resilience and agility to overcome challenges. This was particularly evident during the global pandemic when our team showed up for work every day to get the job done, their dedication ensured people around the world had access to a variety of essential goods.
 To everyone on the IP team in all our operations and offices around the globe for what you do each day and for making a difference, thank you. And to our shareowners, thank you for your continued confidence and investment in International Paper. It has been a remarkable journey for me being part of IP's 126-year legacy. I'm proud of how far our company has come and I'm looking forward to seeing how for International Paper will go.
 And with that, we're ready to move to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew McKellar from RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew McKellar: I was wondering if you could start with just reconciling the benefits from the changes in your go-to-market strategy in the box business versus what you're expecting to start the year. And then it sounds like you're expecting some incremental benefits will flow through in Q2 and beyond. I was wondering if you could help us just quantify that. 
Mark Sutton: So Matthew, I think you're asking, we had outlooked closer to maybe $70 million and we overachieved that. Tom Hamic, I think, can walk you through a lot of moving parts on that. But I think he can walk you through how we basically overachieved our outlook. 
William Hamic: Sure. Thanks, Mark, and Matthew. I would say we exceeded the price component for 2 reasons. First of all, at the local level, we had better-than-expected improvement as we were starting Q4. So these are customers that are really the decisions are made in the field. Most of our forecast thinking about the improvement was focused on very large customers that are across the country. We exceeded the expectations there, but the big move was our investment in teams in the field, training, execution, driving benefit for our customers and frankly, getting a fair price that maybe we didn't in the past. I can say that the volume gap to market was almost exactly where we expected it. So these trade-offs are playing out the way we expected, but the margin improvement is more significant. 
Matthew McKellar: Great. And then I realize it's a pretty marginal change, but could you talk about what you're seeing in the market, either in Q2 so far? Or more generally, that led you to revise your expected North American industry box shipment growth to 2% to 3% in '24 from 3% previously? 
William Hamic: Sure, Matthew. This is Tom again. I would say that second quarter is going to be close to plus 2% for the industry. So that's an improvement from 4% to 1% to 2%. We expect that improvement to continue. But I would say 2% is probably in line with a fairly tough economic second half. And obviously, when you're forecasting the toughest things to predict or when you have a turn. And we are going to have a turn. Our customers do not have enough inventory. And at some point, they're going to have to reinvest in that base as the economy improves. And so our forecast, if you go down to 2%, that suggests no improvement at all and probably a fairly tough retail sales environment. I think it'd be closer to 3%, and I would not take 4% off the table. So a moderate adjustment to be conservative is what I would say. 
Matthew McKellar: Great. That's all for me. Mark, congratulations on the retirement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. 
Mark Weintraub: First question, just wanted to understand the operations and costs in the packaging business. I think you talked being a negative $70 million 2Q v 1Q. And I think though at the same time, we should have about $50 million positive because we don't have the fire and we don't have the winter freeze issues. So that seems to be like a $120 million negative swing. So I was hoping to get kind of more specific as to why that number would be so large? 
Mark Sutton: Mark, this is Mark. That's a great question. I think it's 2 parts. It's the value chain, starting with containerboard and all the way through Box. Our prepared remarks talked about generically preparing for what we believe will be higher utilization as well as some of the spending is maintenance costs, but it really is in the box business to improve productivity and throughput. It's just not at the capital cost level. What I would like to do is ask Jay Royalty to talk a little bit about the containerboard part of the value chain, and then Tom can add some comments on the converting and box side. So Jay? 
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Mark, and Mark, thanks for the question. I think speaking to the containerboard side of the equation, there's a couple of things going on to keep in mind. One is the inflationary situation. So if you step back and think about what's happened in the last couple of years and how to think about that in the context of where we are, the cost to deliver the same value to customers has really increased dramatically over the last couple of years, and we see that again as we step into 2024, and we saw a meaningful impact in our 1Q numbers. We'll see -- and this is related to all of this inflation. And we'll see another step in 2Q. And then you can really think about that kind of leveling out from there.
 And why that is the case is a lot of this inflation is labor related. When you think about labor flowing through all of these different things, but it's also front-end loaded as these contracts reset at really the beginning of the year. And so labor and benefits, maintenance services, operating supplies and materials, warehousing cost and even some kind of benign overhead expenses like insurance and property taxes, we all see those meaningfully up as we come into '24. And so that's one thing that's impacting the numbers in 1Q and then again in 2Q.
 The other thing, and Tim spoke to it in terms of the proactive maintenance spending. If you think about how we've been operating for the last several quarters in light of the lower demand environment, we have been modulating our spending in reaction to that. But as you heard us talk about, we're seeing more and more evidence of the recovery really across all the channels. And we need to be ready for that. We're in the early stages, but it's going to continue to ramp and we need to be ahead of that. So on -- Tom will talk about the box side on the mill side, I would characterize it as a very modest step up.
 But given our size and scale, the numbers are not insignificant, but it's really about trying to get ahead of that. And these are things like ongoing maintenance and repairs to support productivity, efficiency, reliability across all [ facets ] of the mill, the pulp areas, the power areas and the paper as well. So it's really about increasing that cadence and then depending on how the demand plays out from here, we'll modulate that accordingly. 
William Hamic: Mark, this is Tom Hamic. I think, Jay and Mark laid it out very well. I would say the one difference with the box business because we are increasing maintenance spending is that it's very targeted to places where either we've struggled with reliability or we have an opportunity to grow. So if you look across the country, it's not that we're spreading the maintenance dollars. We're really reacting to the marketplace and the strength of demand. And then we're targeting maintenance spending to improve reliability for those customers. While at the same time, we're improving our margins. So this real focus on reliability and delivering on time, it's going to pay off. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So are we -- would you say that what we're going to see in the second quarter is cut back to what you think to be your normal type of -- given where the world is today, your normal levels of maintenance type spending, et cetera, et cetera? Or are we spending even a bit extra now to make up for maybe having spent a little bit before? Or is there even further increases that we might -- it didn't sound like there'd be further increases going forward. But maybe just clarify, are we just kind of at normalized spend levels in the second quarter and we were just a bit below previously? Is that the way to think about it? 
William Hamic: Mark, this is Tom Hamic again. I think there is a large part of it that is adjusting. But I think the key is what I talked about earlier is we've got to respond to the market, and we can't wait for the market then respond. And so there's a bit of this that is getting ready, as Jay talked about, for what we see as an expansion in box demand going forward. And one of the really positive things about maintenance expense in the box plants is what we've seen is a very short payback. So we're seeing the results. We're tracking the results and I feel very good. It really is our fastest way to react to customer needs. And so I feel very confident what we're spending is going to pay off. 
Mark Sutton: So Mark, I think what Jay described on the mill side is true in packaging. It's also true in Cellulose Fibers, modulating our spending over the last, let's say, 4 to 5 quarters as we were running both businesses at less than target output, which would be somewhere in the 94% to 95% output. It's been much lower than that, as you know, based on the demand environment. And so we stretched those dollars over a longer period of time because we didn't need our plants to run at maximum output. So now we're preparing to be running more toward our target output.
 The only thing I would call out that's maybe a little bit of an abnormality in the mill system is it just so happens timing of some of these projects that are related to power generation. So in some of our integrated mills, we have major preventive maintenance shutdowns of some of the turbine generators that generate our steam and electricity. Those aren't done every year. they're sequenced, but you have to get them done in a certain window. There's a few extra turbine generator major scheduled maintenance roles, jobs in this period of time that we would normally have. So you take that out, then I think the rest of it is preparing to be at a more -- I don't like to call it 1 full but a more targeted run environment. 
Mark Weintraub: Got it. Thanks, guys, and thank you, Mark, for your clear explanation there and for your clarity last years you've been working and congrats on the retirement. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Charlie Muir-Sands from BNP Paribas. 
Charlie Muir-Sands: Yes. I just want to stay with 2, please. Firstly, just in terms of the market prices and the recognition of the $40 per ton increase that [indiscernible] put through in March, followed by no further change in April. Is it your expectation that relative to the higher numbers that you and others announced at the start of the year that we won't see any further recognition unless there's further price increases made? And then the second question, just related to the corporate expenses, $24 million in the first quarter compared with $60 million to $80 million guided for the year. Have you got any view on how Q2 might shape up specifically and whether for the full year, you might now be perhaps looking towards the upper end of that range given the large number in Q1? 
Mark Sutton: Charlie, this is Mark Sutton. Thank you for your questions. I'll take the first one and our CFO, Tim Nicholls, will take the second one on the corporate expenses. On the pricing, we don't comment on forward-looking pricing. We obviously -- IP had an announcement of $70, $40 was recognized. There's lots of reasons for that in the way that the index discovers price through the analytics. So, I think we would just stop there and say that's what we had. That will flow through the next few quarters, but we really don't -- we don't forecast or talk about forward pricing that hasn't kind of published in an index. Tim, do you want to take the corporate expense question? 
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Great. Charlie. So we don't break it out quarter by quarter. There's a lot of -- normally we keep at corporate. There's a lot of things that have some volatility to them. We still feel good about the $60 million to $80 million for the year. But we capture things like FX movements and there's some unallocated subs and things like that. So there's a lot of moving parts running through. And generally, you can estimate it for a full year, it can bounce around quarter by quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland from Truist Securities. 
Michael Roxland: You Mark, Andy, Tim and Mark for taking my questions, and Mark I just want to echo what everybody else says, congrats on the retirement and all the years following through. 
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Mike. 
Michael Roxland: Just wanted to get a sense, going through this commercially or margin improvement in industrial packaging. What type of EBITDA margin are you looking to achieve and over what time frame? And can you help us frame how this should play out within [ the next few years ] itself? 
Mark Sutton: I think the number we've always thrown out there was an EBITDA margin that led us to a really strong ROIC, several hundred basis points above our cost of capital. At yesterday's revenue line, that used to be in the 20s. But I think for us, that's an aspirational target to get back into that area. But even at today's revenue and 18% margin generates very strong ROIC similar to what a 21% margin used to generate. So I think that's the sort of milepost we're working toward now is getting up into those high teens, 18-ish percent on our way to 20%. And if you kind of take that to an ROIC, you've got a really strong kind of mid-teens ROIC in the packaging business. And then you put some growth on top of that, and I think the value creation can be pretty powerful. 
Michael Roxland: And based on where you stand today, Mark, where do you -- that 18% margin, when do you see that occurring? Is there something that occurs next year next 2 years? And how do you see that unfolding in the near term? 
Mark Sutton: I think the answer to that question is going to depend a lot on what Tom Hamic talked about, and that is this steady improvement in demand and the consumer and when this turn occurs, obviously, those margins would be indicative of a healthy economy, which leads to a healthy box market. So we would think several quarters before we're sitting at that point. But we should see a step change in improvement in the margins as we go through quarter by quarter by quarter. I'd like to say a point in time in '25, but it's really going to depend on the demand environment but it's not that far in the future. 
Michael Roxland: Got it. And just one follow-up. I think you had a recent conference, you mentioned a change in the customer mix, pre-COVID versus post-COVID and the different margin profiles you have [indiscernible] pending with. So can you provide more color about changing your customer mix, pre-COVID versus post-COVID, any regional impacts that mix would have as well? 
Mark Sutton: Yes. That's a good question, Mike. At that conference, what I was discussing during COVID on some of our large contractual type customers that are in certain types of end-use segments, their growth rate was so astounding, and we had an obligation, if you will, to support their demand either as a percentage of their buy or some other metrics inside our contracts. And they grew at an outsized rate the other segments and some of the smaller customers. And as it absorbed basically all of our capacity, we had to leave certain customers in certain segments where we didn't have those contractual obligations because we just had no more room in our converting system.
 So that's what I was trying to describe, these are not impacting customers. They're all great customers. It's not ever the customer's fault. They grew very fast and we met their demand. But it cost us in margin because some of the customers that we didn't have row for were actually more profitable. They were regional and local type customers. So the mix ended up shifting more toward very large, what we would call, national accounts as a percentage of our total business. And what we're doing now is in those large national accounts, improving the economics now that the contracts are open post COVID. Some of them were 2 years, some of them were 3-year contracts.
 And where we can, we're improving the economics, and that's what Tom has been describing. That was a portion of the -- a large portion of the $110 million in the first quarter. Where we're not able to work with our customer to improve the economics and they may have a better alternative we will lose that amount of volume, free up that capacity retarget the original segments and customers that we disappointed a few years ago. And the good news is we've been suppliers to most of these people for very long periods of time. And while it was painful, we're getting opportunities to go back into these customers that we serve for so many years.
 So a real external shock created demand profiles that were very abnormal. We did our best to meet all our obligations, ended up in spot especially with post-COVID inflation and demand declines and contractual limits of spot economically we didn't like. And so we're doing is getting back to the most profitable mix that we can have. If you think about converting, Mike, it's basically hours of time you have on your converting machinery to add value to containerboard in the form of making a package. So maximizing profitability per hour or converting time you have to offer to the market is always the challenge and the equation, the value creation algorithm that the Box business uses. And that just got skewed for us, not necessarily because we wanted it to, but because we did what we thought was the right thing to do for our customers during that period of time based on the commercial contracts we signed pre-COVID. 
Michael Roxland: Great color and good luck in retirement, Mark. 
Operator: And your final question for today comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo. 
Gabe Hajde: Mark, I like to echo everyone's comments. I think we told you also that congratulations. Hope you get to enjoy the time. I'm going to try to come back to the maintenance and investment question. I looked at average maintenance outage expense pre-pandemic in an average of about $250 million. During the pandemic over the past 4 years, including 2024, I think it was averaging about $380 million, $130 million more maintenance expense we're investing. And now we're talking about some cost -- additional costs running through the P&L. I don't know if you quantified it for us, but it seems like it's maybe at least $100 million in the second quarter, correct me if I'm wrong. So maybe just help us with dimensionalizing some of these costs where maintenance would go next year sort of an ordinary environment? And what sort of return are you expecting on the capital or the extra costs that are flowing through the P&L? 
Mark Sutton: Gabe, let me start just at a high level. So the $250 million you talked about, you could probably put a 40% inflation number across that spend. Typically, maintenance is half materials and half labor. Some labor is in annual outages and it's labor that we don't provide in specialty works. So we hired that labor during those 2-week outages. And so that $250 million automatically jumps up in the neighborhood of 40% more.
 Now the numbers you've quoted at $380 million, $400 million, that's more like 50% more. Some of that is additional targeted spending and a lot of that's in the box business. It shows up as maintenance spending, not capital expense because box plant projects tend to be small enough in many cases, where we don't need a new machine, we just upgrade an existing machine, that flows through the P&L as an expense. A lot of the mill projects are so expensive and large and OEM equipment is of a scale that it ends up flowing through our CapEx in that $1 billion of CapEx.
 So the way we think about it, and I'll ask Jay and Tom maybe to give you some particulars, we look at the cash investment in our business, whether it's a maintenance expense or whether it flows capital as the investment in protecting today's cash flows via reliability and generating tomorrow's cash flows in the box business via new capacity and capability and in the middle business by lowering our cost changing grade structures and those types of things. But the 40% is inflation in that neighborhood is the part that I think a lot of people miss. And while inflation isn't going up as much, there's no deflation in any of that stuff. There's some deflation of energy inputs and all that. There's no deflation in what drives maintenance cost. It's just going up less fast than it was. So Jay and Tom, do you want to add a little bit of color. 
Jay Royalty: Yes. I think the inflation comments are right on. It's a very extraordinary period that we're in versus the last decade or a couple of decades, and so certainly a step change in that regard. 
 I think the other thing to keep in mind, Gabe, is this, we have been intentionally -- we've been intentionally spending at lower levels for the last several quarters to match the lower demand environment. And as we see the early stages of recovery and making sure that we're ready to ramp with that as it comes, we're stepping up. So that's the other piece, I think, to keep in mind in terms of these comparisons. Tom, I don't know if you... 
William Hamic: Sure. And I think Mark, Gabe, summed it up well. I would say the increase if you're -- there is an increase in the box spending that is focused on reliability. If there's any change in our focus, I would say that in the past, we were comfortable running over time. So say, 2 Saturdays a month in a box plant. But that doesn't -- that might you get the orders made, but it doesn't satisfy the reliability. So we've become very focused on on-time delivery and quality. And there is significant amount of maintenance spending that we're targeting towards that shift. And frankly, it supports our margin structure going forward. 
Gabe Hajde: Okay. You guys did outperform, if I go back to the bridge on a sequential basis, you talked about flattish pricing. It was plus 57%. So it's clearly showing up. We didn't build a better IP in this presentation formally talked about. Is it incorrect to annualize that $110 million number? Is there a reason why it's more pronounced here in the first quarter? Or just, again, any way to think about that? Because it I mean that in and other health was, I think, a big part of a better IP and it's shown up in the numbers now here. 
Mark Sutton: Gabe, this is Mark. I think you broke up on the first part of your question, but I think we got the gist of it. On the $110 million, yes, it's a fair assessment to say you can annualize that number. And that is definitely inside of the build better IP. But I didn't hear the very first -- we didn't hear the very first part of your question when you were referencing the bridge, one of the bridges. 
Gabe Hajde: The sequential price rate you guys outperformed, I think, by $57 million. So it was just... 
Mark Sutton: Yes, that's the part we didn't hear Yes, that's correct. And that's the right way to think about it. 
Operator: You have one last question. That question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies. 
Philip Ng: Well, I'm glad I got to get on this call because I wanted to thank you, Mark, for all the help over the years, really appreciate it.
 I guess, first off, you're certainly seeing a lot of inflation, and you guys are putting real dollars here to be positioned to capitalize on a better demand environment. So my question is really, do you think you're getting paid for these investments? So is there another opportunity we should be mindful of in the not too distant future? And as you implement these latest box price increases, are there levers here where you could potentially drive more than the $40 linerboard increase that went through in February, especially as you kind of move forward with this Go-to-Market strategy of yours? 
William Hamic: Yes, this is Tom Hamic. I think we can comfortably separate the 2. So the improvement you saw in Q1, as Mark said, it's sustainable. The $40, I expect to be like it always is. I mean if you think back to previous price increases, you should feel confident that it's going to flow through the same way. But I would see those a bit separate. In terms of continuing the margin expansion there's a lot that gives me confidence. Piece 1 is we're investing significantly in our commercial capability. And that's a shift. We've always focused on commercial, but not as much as we are going forward.
 And I think the other piece is where we really understand segments, and we are very close to those segments and the value proposition, we are very successful in terms of market growth and in terms of margin structure. And so our job is to take that capability, and this is what we're doing and build a better -- I mean, Go-to Market is expanding that to other segments. So there's know-how in the company. This is really the change for us of driving that across the entire business. 
Philip Ng: Got you. Okay. That's helpful color. I guess my question -- my next question is just really on the operations front. I know there in the COVID years, you had some operational headwinds that perhaps limited your ability to kind of grow the market, you're obviously going through a stretch here with the Go-to-Market strategy. But when we kind of think going forward, are you set up properly now to kind of growth of market on the operations front in terms of production. And then some of the investments you've made on the box side, give us an update there. Are you starting to see that take hold and be well received in the marketplace? And as you kind of pivot to maybe a better mix in customers, give us a little perspective on, is there a target percentage in terms of regional customers versus national in some medium- to longer-term time frame? 
William Hamic: Sure. That's a great question. I'll take a couple of pieces of it. I think in terms of the investments, if you look at the first quarter, we still have a bit of a weight of new employees, and that's why we're very on retention. But new employees are not as productive as experienced employees. However, when we look at the productivity across our machines, even though we have a few extra people in place, it's not significant to the financials but a few extra people, we are seeing productivity improvement for the first time in a long time. And so I feel like those investments are at a very good payback rate. And we're -- it's not insignificant, these are 2%, 3% improvements in throughput.
 And I think the most positive shift we've made in terms of our capital process and our maintenance expenses, we have spent a lot of time, put a lot of people in place to make sure that the local decisions are primary. What's happening in that market? Why? Tie that back to the national piece and make sure that we're reacting to the market because I'm talking, not all 120 plants are in the same position. You've got to be very targeted and where you spend the money, which is what we're doing.
 And then to your last question, I would expect that as a percentage of our business, the local business will grow over the next couple of years. It's improving faster right now than the national business, and we know that when you have the capability to match the local demand, it is much more profitable than the national. And so I don't see some huge swing where we're abandoning national accounts but I do see a rebalancing similar to what Mark talked about in the segment discussion. 
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Sutton for closing comments. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Greg. And I'd like to wrap up today's call by sharing my conviction that International Paper is well positioned for the future. Andy Silvernail steps in the CEO role next week on May 1. I'm very confident his leadership experience and proven track record, combined with the industry expertise of our senior leadership team will amplify the company's success going forward. When I provided updates along the way about the CEO succession process, I said the Board was looking for the right leader for the company's next chapter, and I am confident that Andy is that leader. Andy and his team will look forward to sharing updates with you starting on next quarter's call. Thank you for your time today and for your continued interest in International Paper. 
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's International Paper's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. With that, I'll now turn it over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3, where I will touch on our full year 2023 results. As I reflect on this past year, I'm very appreciative of all the hard work our employees have performed and for our strong customer relationships as we managed through a challenging market environment. Our teams across International Paper executed well, both commercially and operationally. They work closely with our customers to create value and serve their needs, while navigating an uncertain and changing demand environment. Our teams were also focused on driving our cost in all categories of spend across our large network of mills, box plants and supply chain operations. In addition, we took strategic actions to structurally reduce fixed costs in our mill system, in our Industrial Packaging business and our Global Cellulose Fibers business. We also made significant progress in Building a Better IP, by delivering $260 million of earnings benefits in 2023, driven by commercial and process improvement initiatives. I'm pleased to say that we've exceeded our target each year since we began this initiative, which demonstrates how Building a Better IP is now a mindset embedded in our culture, with intense focus on maximizing value through commercial and operational excellence. We also advanced our strategies to improve profitability across our portfolio. In our box business, our go-to-market strategy is focused on improving margins and mix by investing in capabilities to enhance our value proposition to align with customer needs. In Global Cellulose Fibers, our strategy is focused on optimizing the business, by reducing exposure to commodity pulp and aligning our mill footprint. We will be sharing more about these strategies later in the presentation. And in addition to reinvesting in our businesses, we also preserved our solid balance sheet and returned approximately $840 million to our shareholders. As we go through the rest of the presentation, we'll share our perspective on the market and the trends across our portfolio. We thought this would be helpful as you reflect on industry dynamics entering the new year. I will now turn it over to Tim who will provide more details. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Great. Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone.  If we turn to Slide 4, the full year key financials. As Mark mentioned earlier, 2023 proved to be a challenging market environment, which impacted our financial performance. During much of the year, underlying demand for our products was lower, as consumers prioritize spending on services and essential goods. This trend was influenced by the pull forward of goods during the pandemic, as well as by inflationary pressures and rising interest rates that impacted the consumer. Demand for our products was further constrained by inventory destocking, as our customers and the broader supply chain work through elevated inventories of their products. The lower demand, combined with declining sales prices for our products and sticky cost inflation resulted in lower revenues and earnings in 2023, when compared to prior periods. Based on shipment trends across the markets we serve, we saw a demand trough in the first half of 2023, and then continued to see improvement throughout the year. In addition, we benefited from the Building a Better IP initiatives Mark just mentioned. And as a reminder, free cash flow for the year included a onetime use of cash totaling approximately $200 million, related to our timber monetization actions. Now I'll turn to the fourth quarter key financials on Slide 5. Operating earnings per share came in better than the outlook we provided in the third quarter. Our teams executed well, by optimizing costs and delivering commercial initiatives focused on margin and mix improvement. And as we announced in the third quarter, we closed our containerboard mill in Orange, Texas, and permanently idled 2 pulp machines in our mills in Riegelwood, North Carolina, and Pensacola, Florida. We expect the cost benefits from these closures to ramp throughout 2024. We are also encouraged to see that demand continue to recover across our portfolio in the fourth quarter, and we expect this trend to continue going forward. Now turning to Slide 6, I'll provide more details about the quarter as we walk through the sequential earnings bridge. Fourth quarter operating earnings per share was $0.41 as compared to $0.64 in the third quarter. Price and mix was lower by $0.18 per share, primarily due to index movements across our portfolio and lower export sales price. This was partially offset by margin and mix benefits from commercial initiatives in both businesses. Volume was favorable to earnings by $0.07 per share, as higher demand across our portfolio more than offset one less shipping day in our North American packaging business. We also had lower shipments of commodity pulp as we executed our strategy focused on improving mix and optimizing that business. Operations and cost was unfavorable by $0.12 per share sequentially. This is due to a nonrepeat of a favorable onetime item we called out in the third quarter related to lower cost of company paid benefits, totaling about $80 million or $0.18 per share. This nonrepeat was partially offset by our continued focus on reducing marginal cost and spending. We're accomplishing this by optimizing fiber and energy costs, reducing flavor overtime and corporate overhead expenses, driving down supply chain costs and shifting to lower-cost suppliers. We also had lower unabsorbed fixed costs related to less economic downtime as demand improved across our portfolio. Maintenance outages were higher by $13 million or $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter, and input costs were lower overall as increased pricing for OCC was offset by lower cost for energy, chemicals and wood. And finally, corporate items were impacted by a higher effective tax rate in the fourth quarter. offsetting lower corporate expenses. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 7. Price and mix was lower due to index movements, lower export prices and higher export mix as demand improved. This was partially offset by benefits from commercial initiatives focused on margin improvement in our box business. Later in this presentation, Mark will talk more about this go-to-market strategy. Volume was higher despite one less shipping day in box. We saw sequentially higher daily shipments in our box business and higher volumes across our domestic and export containerboard channels. Operations and cost was unfavorable sequentially due to the nonrepeat items that I mentioned earlier, which benefited the third quarter in this business by $68 million. The majority of this was offset by lower economic downtime in the quarter as demand improved, and reflects the intense focus by our teams to reduce costs across our mills and box plants. Planned maintenance outages were lower by $22 million sequentially due to a seasonally lower outage schedule and our efforts to optimize outage spending across the mill system. Input costs were moderately lower primarily due to lower cost for energy and chemicals, partly offset by higher OCC costs. Turning to Slide 8. We thought it would be helpful to share some additional perspective on segment trends for our North American packaging business, based on feedback from our customers. As shown on the previous slide, our U.S. box shipments in the fourth quarter were up approximately 3% sequentially, and we've continued to see demand growth in packaging since the trough in the March of 2023. E-commerce has been very resilient, with our shipments in 2023, up approximately 30% since 2019. This continues to be an attractive channel for our consumers as evidenced during the past holiday season. International Paper has strategic customer relationships and a strong value proposition, with scale and geographic reach to support seasonal demand surges. Shipping and distribution was significantly affected by inventory destocking efforts across its longer supply chains. As a result, we've seen improvement across the segment since the destocking phase ran its course. Food and beverage has been relatively stable overall. The Fresh fruit -- fresh foods segment has benefited from solid performance across the food service channel and consumer shifts toward making home meals in place of processed food and its convenience. The protein segment has been impacted by supply reductions in beef and poultry. International Paper is overweight in this segment, which has impacted our box shipment performance relative to the overall industry. We believe this is temporary and expect trends to improve in 2024. The Beverage segment has been under pressure as budget-conscious consumers have reduced consumption of specialty beverages, which tend to be more packaging-intensive. On the other side of the spectrum, segments like durables and other nondurable consumer goods are more discretionary in nature and have been under pressure. Based on customer feedback and economic data like housing starts and consumer expectations, we expect demand in this packaging-intensive segment to improve. In summary, based on these trends, we believe industry box demand will grow approximately 3% in 2024. We understand the critical role corrugated packaging plays and bringing essential products to consumers, and we believe that IP is well positioned to grow with our customers over the long term. Turning to Slide 9. I'll touch on what we're seeing across our containerboard export channel. Demand for kraft containerboard continued to improve through the fourth quarter and based on feedback from our customers, inventories appear to have normalized across all regions. In terms of segment performance, we are seeing solid demand in fresh fruit and vegetable markets, where we have a strategic customer relationship in Latin America and the Mediterranean. Demand across the industrial segments in Europe and Asia remained soft due to the lower consumer demand for durables and nondurable products. We expect these segments to recover as the broader economy improves, and International Paper is well positioned to grow with these segments due to their performance requirements and need for heavyweight kraft linerboard. Moving on to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 10. We'll take a look at the fourth quarter. Price and mix was lower due to price index movements, partially offset by benefits from higher fluff and specialty pulp mix. Volume was relatively flat overall, as higher demand for fluff and specialty pulp was offset by lower sales of commodity grades as we continue to focus on strategically aligning our business with the most attractive customers and segments. Operations and cost was unfavorable sequentially due to the nonrepeat item I mentioned earlier, which benefited the third quarter in this business by $12 million. In addition, ops and costs included a planned turbine maintenance expense of $18 million. Planned maintenance outages were also higher in the fourth quarter by $35 million. And finally, input costs were lower by $7 million, primarily due to lower wood and chemical costs. Turning to Slide 11. I'll talk about what we're seeing across the fluff pulp segment. Overall demand has continued to improve through the fourth quarter, and we expect this trend to continue this year. Inventories have normalized across much of our customer base. We are seeing most of the improvement to date from the developed economies driven by improving consumer demand, stabilizing inflation and more stable currencies. Demand in China and the Middle East has been stable, and we expect a normal seasonal decline in those regions in the first quarter due to Chinese New Year and Ramadan. Inventories are elevated, however, we expect them to normalize in the second quarter. On Slide 12, I'll share a few comments about 2024. Given the fluid market environment, we have chosen not to provide a full year earnings outlook. However, we will share our view of demand trends and IP improvement initiatives as well as other financial assumptions. Overall, we believe the demand environment will continue to improve across our portfolio, and we have initiatives focused on improving mix and margins in both businesses. We expect the first quarter of 2024 will be an earnings trough due to seasonally low volumes, seasonally higher costs and unfavorable impacts from the January winter freeze. Also, the majority of prior publication declines will flow through the first quarter. Regarding demand trends, we expect packaging and fluff pulp markets to grow approximately 3% year-over-year. In 2024, our North American box business may trail the market as we continue to execute a go-to-market strategy focused on margin and mix improvement. Given International Paper's commercial and operational initiatives, we expect more than $400 million of benefits this year. These initiatives should ramp up through the year and include cost reduction benefits from the closure of our containerboard mill in Orange, Texas, and 2 pulp machine closures at our mills in Riegelwood, North Carolina, and Pensacola, Florida. We also expect higher costs for OCC as demand continues to improve and general inflation on things like transportation, wages, employee benefits, materials and services. We plan to invest between $800 million and $1 billion in capital investments for general maintenance, cost improvement and enhanced capabilities in our box business. Other assumptions for items like corporate expense, interest expense and tax rate are included on Slide 30 in the appendix. Turning to Slide 13. I'll outline our first quarter outlook. Before I get into the details on each of the businesses, the January winter freeze is expected to negatively impact earnings for the first quarter by approximately $40 million for the company. This impact is embedded in the numbers I will provide for each business. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to remain flat overall. The prior index movement in North America is expected to decrease earnings by approximately $67 million. However, we expect this to be offset by approximately $68 million of commercial benefits from contract restructuring in our North American box business. This is part of our box go-to-market strategy that Mark will discuss in a few minutes. Volume is expected to decrease earnings by $25 million due to seasonally lower daily demand, partially offset by 2 more shipping days. Operations and costs is expected to decrease earnings by $30 million. This is due to seasonality and some cost inflation on wages and employee benefits. These increases should be partially offset by lower fixed costs resulting from the closure of our Orange mill. Higher maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease earnings by $31 million. And lastly, rising input costs are expected to decrease earnings by $20 million, driven by higher OCC and seasonally higher energy costs. Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers. We expect price and mix to increase earnings by $5 million as a result of our strategy to reduce exposure to commodity pulp. Overall volume is expected to remain stable, as seasonally lower shipments during the Chinese New Year are being offset by improved demand in other regions. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $5 million due to seasonality and cost inflation. This is partially offset by the non-repeat of the turbine maintenance outage in the fourth quarter, and lower fixed costs resulting from the idling of our pulp machine in our Riegelwood mill. As you may recall, the machine in our Pensacola mill was already idled in the third quarter. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings by $16 million. And lastly, higher input costs are expected to decrease earnings by $5 million. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. I'm going to turn to Slide 14, and I'll talk about our go-to-market strategy in our North American box business. During our last earnings call, I highlighted strategic investments we were making across our box system to create value, by improving our capabilities to serve customer needs and improve productivity. This includes adding new converting lines in existing plants, upgrading older equipment with newer, more advanced technology and new plants like the one we opened in Eastern Pennsylvania. These investments are helping us address capacity constraints in certain regions, and also address productivity related to the tight labor markets and a less experienced workforce on average. Our box go-to-market strategy is about leveraging our capabilities and strong segment-based value propositions to improve margins and mix. It's about making choices that create value for our customers while maximizing the profitability of our packaging business. Earlier, Tim called out approximately $68 million of earnings benefits expected in the first quarter as a result of this strategy in action. So we're making the changes that will progress through 2024, as we continue to reset the business and strengthen our position for the future. We are focusing on value over volume. Therefore, we may trail the industry for the next few quarters when measuring unit volume growth, but we expect to grow at or above market thereafter, and we expect our earnings to improve through this process. In summary, we have significant opportunities to leverage our strong value proposition to serve customer needs, improve our mix and capture additional value. Turning to Slide 15, I'll update you on our strategy for Global Cellulose Fibers. First, let me say that I'm not satisfied with the absolute level of earnings that the business has produced. But as I've said before, I believe there is a good business within this business. And I also believe we can improve earnings and cash flows over the cycle by aligning with those customers and segments who value our differentiated product and service offerings. We believe fluff is a value-added product that will grow over time, because of the essential role that absorbent personal care products play in meeting consumer needs. At International Paper, we have talented teams with significant market expertise and a mill system with a broad set of capabilities. This allows us to create value for our customers, by delivering innovation and products that meet their most stringent performance and product safety standards. To improve the financial performance of this business, our commercial teams have been focused on getting paid for value that we provide and being more selective in the segments that we actually serve. As a result, we have earned a higher premium for fluff grades relative to commodity pulp grades by capturing more value. We're also improving our mix by reducing our exposure to commodity grades and by serving the most attractive customers that allow us to maximize the value of this business. Our exposure to commodity grades will mostly consist of our bleached softwood, northern bleached softwood kraft mill that goes really into tissue products and is produced at our low-cost Grand Prairie mill that is strategically located near that fiber source in Canada. Aligned with this optimization strategy, we took actions to rightsize our footprint and reduce fixed costs across our mill system which we estimate will improve EBITDA for Global Cellulose Fibers by approximately $90 million per year. Our teams are also focused on driving out costs across our supply chain by leveraging new tools and data analytics. So in summary, we're pulling a lot of levers in this business and expect to make meaningful progress towards our strategy in 2024. Turning to Slide 16. I'll share some examples of how we are deploying technologies across the company in our manufacturing, converting and supply chain operations. Over the past couple of years, we've developed and piloted new tools and capabilities to reduce costs, increase productivity and improve efficiencies. All of this will result in a better experience in terms of reliably providing products and services for our customers. By leveraging these new tools, we're seeing benefits in areas such as improved reliability and lower maintenance cost higher yields on fiber, energy and chemical usage, more optimized machine scheduling at our mills and box plants, better logistics planning across our supply chain and more sourcing opportunities for operating and repair materials due to better visibility and consolidated purchases. These new technologies also enable more collaboration by connecting teams at our facilities to enterprise specialists, allowing us to maximize the opportunities. We believe there are more opportunities going forward, and this is a great example of how Building a Better IP is embedded into our culture. On Slide 17, I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions. As I said in the past, we have a solid balance sheet, which we will preserve because we believe it is core to our capital allocation framework. Our 2023 year-end leverage was at 2.5x on a Moody's basis, which is at the low end of our target range of 2.5 to 2.8x. Looking ahead, we have limited short and medium-term debt maturities due to the risk mitigation strategies we've taken over the past several years, and we expect our qualified pension plan to remain fully funded. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. And last year, we returned approximately $840 million to our shareholders, and we remain committed to our dividend. We understand investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash generation. And as I shared with you previously, we have opportunities to invest in our box system to build out capabilities and position us for future profitable growth. We also have cost reduction projects across the company with attractive returns. So turning to Slide 18. I'd like to wrap up by sharing my view that International Paper is well positioned for the future. I shared that conviction before, but after navigating another year of challenging market conditions, it bears repeating. Our financial foundation is strong, as are the principles and core values that guide our actions and decisions about how we operate, I'm confident that the winning mindset of our leadership team and our employees, and the agility of our employees will drive our success as we tackle our improvement efforts and execute the go-to-market strategy we talked about in today's call. As we move through 2024, we anticipate continued demand recovery across the markets we serve, along with margin and mix improvement from our commercial strategies. There's no question in my mind that we are on the right path. Given our strategic customer relationships, talented teams, world-class assets and market expertise, we are committed to maximizing long-term value for all of our stakeholders, and we intend to deliver. With that, we're happy to take your questions. And similar to the last quarter, our senior business leaders are joining me today to provide their perspectives in the Q&A section. So operator, we are ready to go to a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: I appreciate all the great color on some of these commercial initiatives on getting value over volumes, Mark. That's great. Is much of this pretty much locked up contractually, so that's it's just flowing through. And then can you just expand a little bit on what you're exactly doing? You effectively just walk away from lower margin business and mixing up? And then just lastly, I think you guys guided to like a $68 million tailwind for 1Q. Do we just kind of annualize that impact for the full year?
Mark Sutton: No, good 3-part question, Phil, and thank you for that. I'm going to have Tom Hamic, who's leading that strategy from the front. It's a 4-pillar strategy to improve the business, and it's much more than just walking away from this, we don't want to walk away from any of our good customers, but a lot changed over the last couple of years relative to inflation and really the attractiveness of certain segments. So Tom and his team are really putting together a thoughtful strategy reboot, if you will, on how we go to market segments and customers. And the goal is for it to work for our customers and for us, but for International Paper to improve profitability. So Tom, if you -- can you maybe just share a bit about how we're approaching the go-to-market strategy.
William Hamic: This is Tom Hamic. I would agree with what Mark said, this is really a holistic strategy for the business. So this includes everything from where we invest capital to the metrics we use to really run the business. So customers pay for value, but value in the box business starts with reliability, with quality and with shipping on time. And so we have refocused our efforts in that space. Obviously, going through the pandemic that can make that more difficult. But as we come out, we feel very positive about the metrics we're seeing in terms of improving the customer experience. We improved the customer experience, we deliver more value, and then we charge for that value. And you're right, there will be times when customers have a disagreement about what their price is. There are -- most times, the vast majority of times, that's really not been the case. They've seen the value of IP. And in some cases, customers have left and then come back very quickly because box making is difficult and their service model is often very challenging. So that's really the equation, provide more value, make customers know that you are important to their business and then get paid fairly for it. And that really sums up the strategy.
Philip Ng: And are these wins pretty much locked in? And then you gave some color in terms of the contribution for 1Q. Can we kind of annualize that for a full year in terms of what that upside on the commercial initiatives that you have?
William Hamic: Yes. I think annualizing it would be -- that's fair. There's -- every customer has a different relationship. There's different timing of contracts. I am completely confident that, that number is solid and that we'll maintain that margin structure going forward, and I expect to improve it going forward in 2024.
Philip Ng: Okay. That's helpful. Appreciating there's a lot of moving pieces in 2024, both on the macro front. And then certainly, there's a price increase you guys are all trying to implement in January. But any color, just at least directionally when we think about EBITDA and free cash flow based on the control -- your controllables and how you see demand unfolding. Do you expect EBITDA, free cash flow the flat or down? Just directional color would be super helpful.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Phil, it's Tim. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we're choosing not to give an outlook. It's just -- there are a lot of moving pieces. We feel good about the year. We feel like we're in a good place in terms of earnings and cash flow but we're not quantifying it or putting something out. We can look at it next quarter and maybe we'll make an adjustment. But for the moment, we're focused on the first quarter outlook, and we'll go from there.
Philip Ng: Okay. In regards to that first quarter hangover from the January freeze, do you expect any hangover effect on to 2Q, like these costs lingering or any disruption? Or is this kind of a 1Q thing, and you guys are largely done?
Timothy Nicholls: Phil, I believe it's 1Q and we're done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland from Truist Securities.
Michael Roxland: I just wanted to follow up on the focus on value over volume. Can you talk about some of the issues you noticed in your customer contracts to sort of encourage you to revisit how you price? And could this focus on value over volume involve some -- maybe some additional portfolio rightsizing or maybe even distancing yourself on the publication if that publication does not actually properly reflect pricing that you're seeing in the market?
Mark Sutton: So Mike, Tom is going to really tackle this question. But just to be totally clear, we expect long term, the business earnings growth is going to come from unit volume growth and margin improvement on that unit volume. What we're doing right now and what Tom has described is, in the interim of resetting with this level of once-in-a-lifetime inflation and the number of other structural changes, we will pit value over volume, and then we're going to pick value and volume or profitability and volume. So unit volume is very important in this business. It's not a high-growth market, but you have to grow with the market long term, and we plan to do that. And so Tom, if you want to talk a little bit about some of the things we've seen or how we think about it. We can circle back on the question about the index and how prices are changed in this market.
William Hamic: Sure. Mike, I would say that we see everything in contracts. There are contracts that don't tie the index, there are contracts that do. So it's really hard to draw out a specific, this is what we're seeing that's an issue. The biggest issue is that when the contract comes up, are we clear in articulating value? Is that fair proposal because we don't expect contracts to go our way. We don't expect them to go to the customer's way. We expect a middle and fair ground, and part of that is just getting the economics of the contract within range and making sure that the customer expectation for pricing is very similar to what you have, so there are no surprises. So I would say it's not one tie sets at all. But the really core component of this, and Mark mentioned growing with market is, a very clear local understanding of what's happening in the box business because unlike linerboard and pulp, the box business is very local, and those decisions have to be very targeted around value propositions and around customer growth in that market. And I think that's what's going to have us turn the corner in a few quarters to get back to growing market. And the last thing I would say is that we're not seeing customers leave. We've certainly picked up some business, but you're really talking about some marginal volume in local places where maybe the match isn't perfect long term. Maybe it's better for both parties to readjust and get to the right value equation.
Michael Roxland: Got it. And just, I guess, one quick follow-up in terms of your strategy on GCF and really trying to enhance the mix. Do you see -- in terms of the portfolio itself, obviously, post-Riegelwood, post-Pensacola, are there other opportunities for you to rightsize your portfolio there? If -- basically, if demand is not materializing as you would expect?
Clay Ellis: Yes, Mike, this is Clay Ellis. Yes, I think as you mentioned, the mitigating the exposure that we have to commodity or paper-grade pulp at the Riegelwood mill. If you look at 2024, post the closure of Riegelwood 20, we still have some exposure. We're not at our optimized mix, although we're much further along the way toward that. But we believe fluff will grow, and that will -- obviously, we'll move SBSK or paper grade to fluff. So we think exiting '24 and to '25, we'll be getting pretty close to our optimized mix. There will always be a small amount of the paper-grade pulp in the mix. And we -- but we think we'll be getting to really our optimized mix here exiting '24 and to '25. So we'll have an improvement through, all through '24. Of course, we have levers if fluff pulp did not grow and such, there are things that we have as options. But that's not really what we believe or what -- we think absorbent hygiene products will grow. And therefore, we think that fluff will grow. We're excited about the trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Maybe first of all, I'm going to follow up on Phil's question, and I realize you may or may not say anything on this, but it's probably the question investors are thinking about most. So I'll give it a shot. And that is understanding there's a lot of variability on how pricing can play out, and that can have a very large impact on where numbers ultimately end up in '24. You did provide us with an assessment on your volume. You've talked about a lot of the different internal initiatives, et cetera.  Is it possible that, as you did last year, you could give us a range if we exclude impact from any price changes not yet reflected in the trade publications?
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. We could -- I mean we can look at that, but we did think about it carefully entering to this call. And just given the size and the fluidity and all of those factors, we just chose not to do it at this moment. So like I said a minute ago, we can look at it quarter-by-quarter and see if it makes sense. But for this quarter, we chose not to.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Fair enough. And then just maybe on this -- the shipping businesses getting paid for value, a process you've been doing for a long time. Where are you would you say with your customers? Is the vast majority now where you think it should be? How much more of these negotiations is there yet to go? And just for context, if we go back several years, there's been a relatively continual decline in your market share on the box volume business. So what's -- is there anything added you can provide to us to feel like, okay, yes, we do have visibility on when this can turn the corner?
William Hamic: Sure I would portray it as we're pretty confident that we're going to come back to market. And I think there are 2 things driving that. One is we've got a strategic view of the customer base. We understand who's growing, who's not growing. We understand the value equation. I think, much better than we have in the past. We've worked very hard in understanding that. But I think the key is investing behind the growth. So as we change the portfolio, we're investing very quickly in a targeted way. And so I think that positions us probably better than in the past in terms of having the right capacity and the right markets to grow with the customers. And so if you want to look back and say, how could we have approved, is there's not a national strategy as much as there's a national and a local strategy for investment, and I think that positions us well to grow.
Mark Weintraub: So maybe just to follow on that. So basically, you have now the investments whereas before maybe they hadn't been made, in terms of being able to deliver what it needs to be in the last couple of years, you've made those investments so now are in a different place. Is that why the outcome should be expected to be different? And then maybe if you could just following up on the -- what percentage of contracts or volume? Do you think it's now been repositioned versus is still in process?
William Hamic: Yes, that's a tough one to answer in terms of percentage. I would certainly say it's more than 1/4 has not been renegotiated, probably a little more than 1/3, but the hard thing about that is every -- in many cases, local customers, that's a constant discussion around value and what products they're buying. So that's 35% of our mix. I would say that never goes away. That's a constant. So I'm really talking about the 65% that's left over. There's still a good portion out there that we'll have to come to a value equation with the customers.
Mark Sutton: And Mark, just to add to the area you were probing on market position and share. Part of the way we addressed some of the demand environment in the past was in different regions, and Tom mentioned it, it really matters in the region, not on average. In different regions, we had the assets. We just didn't have the plants running more than 5 days a week. So we asked employees to run a 6-day, and in most cases, they really enjoyed that. They didn't mind doing it and it was increased income and all that. And then if you get enough to where it's sustainable, maybe you add an entire shift, and then you invest in new plant equipment because if there -- you already have the capacity, you just need people to run it. And we did that for quite a while. What changed a bit, though, during the 2021, '22 period, and the workforce started to turn over, that's not a great assumption anymore that you can tackle that incremental growth with your assets by adding people or asking the people you have to work a little more hours. And so that's just the reality of the manufacturing workforce out there for us. So if I had to do over, I wish I would have spent much more in physical plant equipment in '18, '19 and '20, we were finishing some mill investments with an eye toward getting into plant equipment investments in a big way in the box business, and we got caught a bit there with a change in the workforce. So we're working both on getting our new labor up to speed and putting physically new equipment and upgrading the old equipment, some of the legacy IP box plants that were pre -- the big acquisitions we made are really old and some of the equipment is still running, but it may be running at 80% of its design capacity. So all of that is part of being able to address the market by region, by kind of metropolitan market. And so that's why I feel good about our ability to do this. We hadn't made all of those physical investments in the past. We did it with our employee teams working different schedules, and it worked for a while. It's not the sustainable way to do it now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew McKellar from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew McKellar: First, to follow up on one of Mike Roxland's questions. Is your NBSK mill and Grand Prairie core for IP over the longer term, given your greater focus on fluff?
Clay Ellis: Matthew, this is Clay Ellis. I think our NBSK mill is a strategic mill. We do have a very strong customer base on that mill. Obviously, it goes into tissue, but we also have a lot of both fluff customers and NBSK customers being the same. So it creates a bundled value there. And so it's a good -- it's a very good mill, as Mark mentioned in the comments. We like it. It provides value. It is not in our core of fluff, but we think of it differently being NBSK in that market and the contract relationships that we have, we think of it a bit differently than more of the commodity SBSK. So it's a good mill, but we like it. It's not absolutely core to what we do, but it provides value.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Just one more for me. I was wondering if you could provide an update on your process to identify a successor for the CEO position and what we should be expecting in terms of a time line there?
Mark Sutton: Good question, Matt. Nothing new to report. Our Board is working very deliberately on the process that we announced, that we would undergo back in September. And I can say we're closer to a decision now than we were in September, but there's no time line to report, but we are making really good progress and our Boards putting a lot of effort into it. It's obviously an important decision, and they're taking it very, very seriously. So as we get closer and we have something tangible to report, we will be out with that information.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo.
Gabrial Hajde: I'm going to try to take one more stab because I feel like I need to wash myself of the past 10 years of knowledge that I feel like I've acquired. What we heard from one of your peers as well as yourself is that maybe you're trying to decouple yourselves from index-based pricing. And if, in fact, that is the case, maybe the outlook that you gave us for Q1 and the $68 million of positive benefit that you're talking about, maybe that's associated with renegotiating maybe half of those national contracts that I think Tom Hamic referenced. And if, in fact, that is the case or maybe pass differently, if the price that's being pushed in the marketplace right now has been reflected on the January 19 publication, would that, in any way, change the guidance that you're giving us today for Q1?
Mark Sutton: So Gabe, it's a valiant try. Let me just see if this helps you and the other analysts and our investors. So our pricing, as always, the prices we charge and the mechanisms we use are really between IP and our customers. And we're not going to comment on those specifics or provide forecasting on pricing for the future. As you know, we never do that. But I will refer you to the Citibank conference that I spoke at publicly in November. I -- in response to a question about a $20 publication down at that time, I stated that we didn't feel that it was reflective of our experience with our customers. And in terms of the experience over the last 2 months, with our containerboard customers. The fact that the index stayed flat in January, again, is not reflective of the pricing we have been invoicing. So if you get to your question about the relevancy of the index, it's true. The index is serving what is increasingly a very small open market. And because of that, it feels like there's a movement of some subjectivity in that process in addition to what's actually happening. So based on what we've been charging our customers as well as other public data, we don't feel the index over the last few quarters, a couple of quarters has been reflective of what's really happening in the industry. And as I said at Citi, we use this index. It's not perfect, but it works for the supplier, IT and it works for our customers, because corrugated packaging is not something our customers want to work on weekly or monthly with pricing. It's really important to their business, but it's not their core product. It's running on high-speed finishing lines, and it needs to work, and they don't want to deal with economics. This index through history has worked as a starting point for discussions up or down. It doesn't set the price, as you know. So we will continue to evaluate, and we are evaluating with our customers, is it's still working for us or not, as 2 parties in a business relationship. And if we conclude it's not, we will work on doing it a different way. And that's probably all I can say about that at this point.
Gabrial Hajde: No, Mark, listen, I think that was very clear and helpful at least for me. Secondarily, the $400 million that you mentioned in terms of -- I don't know if it was newly-identified cost savings, maybe a second turn of the crank on Building a Better IP. And then I think the $240 million or so of fixed cost savings from the 2 or 3 machine closures. Can you maybe delineate between the legacy build and better IP, I think the net of that was plus $540 million. And then we've got the $230 million or $240 million from the 2 plant closures, where does this $400 million number that you referenced? How does that fit into the equation? Just so we're not double or triple counting.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. No, good question. This is Tim. I mean if you just look at the major items that I called out in my prepared remarks around the go-to-market strategy, and how that's playing out. And then the mill closure is to fixed cost savings. I think you get pretty close to the $400 million. There's obviously other initiatives. That's why we say more than $400 million. We've got any number of initiatives across all of our businesses and at the center. But we thought it was a good reference point given the significant items that are happening and happened late last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about January box shipment trends and specifically on the freeze, did that delay shipments or destroy shipments? And if there's any kind of quantification there either way? And just anything you'd say about sort of customer inventories and your inventories as we start out February?
William Hamic: Sure, Anthony, this is Tom. You point out the winter storm, but that is a very big impact on January. So I'll start with the quarter. And we see continued improvement in the quarter in terms of demand if you subtract out our experience with go-to-market, we think the market is going to grow about 2% year-over-year in the first quarter. So that's a continued momentum that Tim talked about, and we're very pleased with that growth. In terms of January, it really does mask exactly what's happening. The thing I can confidently say to you is, nothing about the winter storm and the subsequent business activity would suggest we're off of forecast for Q1. It's just really hard to look through this way, we had plant closures, customers have plant closures. And then the last thing I would add is the anecdotal feedback from our especially local customers has been surprisingly positive about the first half of the year. We'll see how it plays out, but so far, very good. Last piece, you asked about inventory, I'm sorry -- I -- we have not -- sorry...
Anthony Pettinari: No, no, go ahead, please.
William Hamic: We have not seen restocking yet broadly. That's our estimate of what's happening in the marketplace. And so we think destocking is obviously over or there are certain segments that may be bouncing back and forth. But if you look at last year's demand for boxes and you take what is always a pretty good reference for consumer spending, retail spending and box demand, there's still a lot of ground to be made up. And so I feel very good about the inventory levels in the market.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I'm just curious, on the go-to-market initiatives, have you changed anything around incentive structures, how the sales force is compensated or how box plant managers are compensated. It sounds like there's sort of an asset under investment problem that maybe you'll turn the corner on this year. I'm just wondering if there's been a real change in incentives and understanding it's maybe difficult to talk about that in too much detail on the call. But just wondering if that's a significant component of the go-to-market initiative?
William Hamic: It is a significant component. Some hard to talk about, but I think some pretty easy, which is from a soft incentive standpoint, does everyone understand the strategy? Do they understand the metrics that we're going to focus on? Like, I talked about service and profitability and capital effectiveness. That's very much underway. And I would say, in many cases, complete. You are correct. We've changed the sales compensation. And so far, any time you change compensation processes, you can always have a little bit of noise so far. It is exceeded our expectations, and I think exceeded the expectations of the people in the field. So I feel very good about that. But you bring up a very good point. Executing the strategy is not in a silo. It's across the business. Everything has to be aligned.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next, we'll go to the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: My remaining question I just wanted to piggyback on what Anthony was getting at. So obviously, there's capacity, there's capabilities, there's technology, but do you not only need to address, as you discussed, incentives with sales, but do you need to maybe add more people, more feet on the street in terms of executing what you hope to do and go to market with box and corrugated or not? And what would be the reasons why? The related question, again, I'll stick to 2, and just being mindful of the time. When you look at your end markets and your customers historically, IP has been with larger account and national account businesses. Do you think those customers because they're more sophisticated potentially, will be more able to understand the KPIs and the whole process that IP is now bringing in terms of this go-to-market or you think that will be perhaps across your end markets a little bit more challenging relative to your local account business, and how you see your end markets over time evolving with a new go-to-market where you get larger with local account or larger with larger accounts?
William Hamic: Good question. I'll see if I can address it. So I would start with a number of salespeople. You're absolutely correct. We need a significant number of new salespeople. We're making progress in that space. And I can tell you the compensation plan has made our positions much more attractive than it has been in the past. So we feel pretty good about that. In terms of the local versus national, I think it would be -- it kind of gets back to my local versus national company in terms of box plants that it really depends on the customer. We're going to have some customers that are professional buyers and they're going to look at these metrics one way and local customers. I would say this, that we expect to grow higher-margin local customers. And we expect to keep and grow our national customers. Our leaning is more of a balance and not to run too hard in one direction, but to really evaluate the profit equation as we make those decisions. So you'll see some rebalancing.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Nellessen for closing comments.
Mark Sutton: This is Mark Sutton. Thank you, operator. I'll go ahead and wrap up. I want to thank everyone for your time today, for your continued interest in International Paper, and we look forward to updating you on our progress our next call at the end of the first quarter, we're already in the second quarter -- for the end of the first quarter call. So thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's International Paper's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today’s International Paper’s Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn today’s conference over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2023 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you Mark and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on slide 3 where I will highlight our results. In the third quarter, our teams across International Paper executed well with intense focus on optimizing our cost structure while taking care of our customers. Looking at our performance, we delivered on the earnings outlook we provided last quarter and we continued our efforts to drive out the highest marginal cost across our system. In addition, International Paper for delivered $75 million of year-over-year incremental earnings benefits from our building a better IP initiative. Year-to-date this program has contributed $195 million in benefits, exceeding our full year target for the second year in a row. Our performance was driven by commercial and process improvement initiatives which I will highlight later during the call. We're also encouraged to see that the demand environment continued to recover across our portfolio in the third quarter and we expect this trend to continue going forward. Despite these improvements, I'm not satisfied with our absolute level of earnings. Therefore, we are taking additional actions to further strengthen our businesses and improve profitability. I will share more details regarding these initiatives later in the presentation. However, before we move off this topic, I'd like to share my perspective on the series of strategic actions we announced last week to optimize our mill system and reduce fixed costs. These actions include the permanent closure of our container board mill in Orange, Texas and two pulp machines, including one at our Riegelwood, North Carolina Mill and the other at our Pensacola, Florida Mill. While these actions will help us achieve our objectives, they are incredibly difficult to make because of the impact on our team members, their families and the surrounding communities. We are truly grateful to our team members at Orange, Riegelwood and Pensacola for their contributions to IP over the years and we are committed to supporting them through this transition while continuing to serve our customers. I'd also like to update you on another strategic action completed in the quarter. We completed our sale, the sale of our ownership interest in the Ilim Joint Venture in Russia. Proceeds from the sale total $508 million as expected. With the completion of this sale, International Paper no longer has any investment in Russia. I will now turn it over to Tim who will provide more details about our third quarter performance and our outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls : Thank you, Mark. Turning to our third quarter key financials on slide 4, operating earnings per share increased sequentially and came in better than the outlook we provided last quarter. We continue to optimize our system through commercial and operational initiatives and we also benefited from lower employee benefit cost and on lower effective tax rate. Operating margins continue to be under pressure from macroeconomic headwinds, impacting sales price and volumes. However, margins improve quarter-over-quarter driven by more favorable operating costs and lower outage expense. Moving to the third quarter sequential earnings bridge on slide 5, third quarter operating earnings per share was $0.64 as compared to $0.59 in the second quarter. Price and mix were lower by $0.35 per share are primarily due to index movements across our portfolio and lower export sales prices. Volume was relatively stable overall as higher volumes across our container board export channel and global sales fibers business offset one less shipping day in our North American packaging business. Operations and cost improved earnings by $139 million or $0.30 per share. During the quarter, our mill system did very well and our teams across the businesses continued their focus on reducing marginal cost and spending. We're accomplishing this by optimizing mix and usage of fiber and energy, reducing labor cost and overtime, shifting to lower cost suppliers and driving lower distribution costs. During the third quarter, we also had lower employee benefit costs totaling about $80 million or $0.18 per share, which was in our outlook provided last quarter and will not repeat in the fourth quarter. The balance is primarily due to lower unabsorbed fixed costs related to last economic downtime across our portfolio as demand improved. Maintenance outages were lower by $36 million or $0.08 per share in the third quarter. Input costs were modestly higher as increased costs for energy and OCC were partially offset by lower costs for chemicals and wood, and corporate items benefited from a lower effective tax rate in the third quarter. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on slide 6, price and mix was lower due to index movements, lower export prices, and higher export mix as demand improved. This was partially offset by benefits from commercial initiatives focused on margin improvement. Volume was stable overall despite one less shipping day in box. Container board shipments were higher across our export channels due to improved demand, and our daily US box shipments were stable slightly higher sequentially. Demand for packaging was also impacted by customer inventory destocking. However, based on customer feedback, we believe this is generally completed at the end of the third quarter. Operations and cost improved earnings by $103 million. This includes the benefit of $68 million from the non-repeat items I mentioned earlier. In addition, Ops and costs also benefited from lower economic downtime in the quarter as demand improved. Our mill system continued to run very reliably. And our teams across the businesses remain focused on reducing the highest marginal cost and spending while further optimizing our entire supply chain to align with the customer demand environment. For example, by optimizing fiber, energy mix, and raw materials, we've reduced the cost of economic downtime by approximately $20 million on an annualized basis. We also have significant efforts underway to improve distribution costs, including initiatives to minimize high cost freight carriers, improve contract rates and load efficiencies, and shed warehouse and demerged expenses. These efforts have lowered our supply chain costs by approximately $40 million on an annualized basis. And there's more opportunities in this area as we go forward. Planned maintenance outages were lower by $34 million sequentially due to a seasonally lower outage schedule and our efforts to further reduce outage spending in the current demand environment. Input costs were moderately higher, primarily due to the higher cost for energy and OCC, partly offset by lower costs for chemicals. Turning to the Global Cellulose Fibers on slide 7 and looking at our third quarter performance price and mix was lower due to price index movements, partially offset by the benefits from higher fluff mix. Volume was higher in the third quarter as demand for fluff improved. This was partially offset by lower sales of commodity grades as we continued to focus on strategically aligning our business with the most attractive customers and segments. The destocking trend continued in the third quarter as improvement across supply chains allowed customers to manage more lean inventory levels. Based on feedback from our customers and from order bookings, we believe de-stocking was largely completed in the third quarter. We also believe fluff demand will continue to grow over time because of the essential role that absorbent personal care products play in meeting consumer needs. Operations and cost improved earnings by $36 million. This includes benefit of $12 million from the non-repeat items I mentioned earlier. Ops and costs also benefited from strong operational performance, lower supply chain costs, lower spending, and higher energy sales as our teams remained focused on optimizing the entire value chain. Planned maintenance outages were relatively flat sequentially and input costs were lower by $5 million primarily due to lower wood and chemical costs. Turning to slide 8 and our fourth quarter outlook. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $60 million as a result of prior index movement in North America and lower average export prices based on declines to date. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $20 million due to sequentially higher box volumes despite one less shipping day and an increase in container board export shipments. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $10 million. This is due to the non-repeat of favorable employee benefit costs I mentioned earlier, partially offset by lower unobserved fix related to higher volumes and benefits from our ongoing cost management initiatives. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings by $21 million. And lastly, rising input costs are expected to decrease earnings by $10 million, driven by higher OCC costs, partially offset by lower costs for energy, wood and other raw materials. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $25 million as a result of prior index movements. Overall volume is expected to increase earnings by $5 million. We expect higher fluff volumes due to improving demand, offset by lower shipments of commodity grades as we execute our mix optimization strategy. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $35 million relative to the third quarter. Approximately half of this is due to the non-repeat of favorable employee benefit costs I discussed earlier; the remainder due to higher planned maintenance outage costs in the fourth quarter. Higher maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease earnings by $28 million. Lastly, lower input costs are expected to increase earnings by $5 million. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. I’ll start on slide 9, as I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we are making solid progress with our Building a Better IP program, which has delivered a total benefit of $195 million a year-to-date, exceeding our original target for the second year in a row. This year, most of the benefits are coming from our strategy acceleration initiatives. Our business teams are focused on creating value for our customers while improving the profitability of our product and service offerings again paid for what value we provide to our customers, and by also growing in the most attractive segments with the most attractive customers and in the most attractive geographic regions. We have also seen meaningful benefits from our process optimization initiatives. By leveraging advanced technologies and big data across our large system, our teams are identifying new ways to improve productivity and lower costs. I'm excited about our progress and in the next couple of slides I'll share some examples of the actions our business teams are taking to drive profitable growth. So turning to slide 10, I'll start with Industrial Packaging. Beginning with commercial excellence. International Paper has a broad range of capabilities and segment tailored packaging solutions to serve our customers. Our commercial teams are leveraging these advantages to improve mix by strategically aligning with the most attractive regions, segments and customers. Our teams are also using more advanced data analytics to manage product pricing across our sales territories. This allows them to capture more value for customer tailored product and service offerings. Under operational excellence we are leveraging advanced technology and data analytics to improve efficiencies and lower costs across our large system of mills and box plants. We are seeing benefits in areas such as maintenance and reliability, raw material consumption, distribution and logistics and sourcing. And as I mentioned earlier, we're also taking actions to optimize our bill system and reduce fixed costs. The mill closures will improve annual EBITDA for industrial packaging by about $140 million. Turning to slide 11, I'll highlight some of the things we're doing in the area of investment excellence. Due to the attractive long-term fundamentals of our industrial packaging business, we believe we have investment opportunities to drive profitable growth and create significant value. Strategic capital investments in our mill system have targeted productivity improvements and product capability enhancements that align with customer needs and market trends. Added capabilities for lightweight and ultra lightweight liners and high quality version whitetop products are examples of these investments. More recently our strategic investments are focused on our box business. These investments allow us to grow with customers and increase profitability by strengthening our capabilities, improving productivity, and leveraging automation. We believe we can create the most value through organic investments across our large network of box plants. Examples of this include adding converting lines in existing plants and upgrading older equipment with newer and more advanced technology. For some context, the investments we have made over the past two years in existing plants is the equivalent of adding almost three average size box plants to our system. We will supplement this strategy with additional investments in greenfield box plants and occasionally with bolt-on M&A where we can create additional value by addressing regional needs and enhancing our business. I'd also like to recognize that in September we celebrate the grand opening of our new greenfield box plant in Atglen, Pennsylvania, which has a great team and world class capabilities. Our investment will allow us to optimize our network of plants in the northeast while providing additional capacity for future growth. In summary, we have significant opportunity to leverage these new investments as well as our market expertise to grow with customers, improve our mix, and capture additional value. Turning to slide 12, I'll share some key opportunities in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Over the past year, we have captured meaningful benefits from commercial actions which contributed to our Building a Better IP results. Our commercial teams renegotiated large contracts to ensure we get paid for value that we provide. In addition, we have earned a higher premium for fluff grades relative to commodity pulps by capturing more value and aligning with those customer segments and regions who value our differentiated product and service offerings. However, the benefits of our commercial strategy are currently being masked by a very challenging and unprecedented business cycle, as well as our exposure to commodity grades. On a positive note, the market environment began recovering in the third quarter as demand for fluff pulp improved, and we expect this trend to continue in the fourth quarter. Going forward, we believe there are more strategic levers to pull to increase the earnings potential of this business. Through our go-to-market strategy, we have an opportunity to improve our mix by reducing our exposure to commodity grades and by serving the most attractive fluff customers and markets that allow us to maximize the value of this business. Aligning with this strategy, we are taking actions to right-size our footprint and reduce fixed costs across the system. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we announced the closure of two pulp machines, which will improve EBITDA for the global cellulose fibers business by approximately $90 million. I believe there is a good business within this business. And that we can continue to grow earnings and cash flows over the cycle. We have talented teams with significant market expertise and a mill system with a broad set of capabilities. This allows us to create value for our customers by delivering innovation and products that meet their stringent performance and product safety standards. Now I'll turn to slide 13. We continue to see demand recovery across the markets we serve and we strongly believe in the attractive long-term fundamentals of our businesses. At International Paper, we are taking actions to improve earnings and drive profitable growth. Given our strategic customer relationships, talented teams, world-class assets, market expertise and strong financial foundation, I'm confident in our value-creating opportunities and IP’s continued success. And with that we're happy to take questions. And similar to last quarter, our senior business leaders are joining Tim and I to provide their perspectives as well. So operator, we're ready to move to the Q &A section of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tim, good morning. Thank you for all the detail. Wanted to ask a little bit about the Orange closure and I guess as we look into 2024, I guess the first one would be as the market begins to recover, would you expect than and even with this closure to kind of grow with the market and again taking into account a lot of your own commercial initiatives or is that something that might be on a little bit of a delayed timetable?
Mark Sutton : Gabe, I'll ask Jay Royalty to comment, but at a high level, looking at all the variables around demand and our recent capacity investments that I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we feel good about being able to make this change and continue to grow with the market. I mean, essentially, with this level of downturn, there's been somewhat of a reset and I think the market demand signal will engage again and we have options for future container board investments. So, Jay, I don't know if you want to add any commentary on how we're thinking about the near term ability to grow.
Jay Royalty: Sure. Good morning, Gabe. Thanks, Mark. First of all, our long-term view of demand has not changed. So this was more about kind of how we see the near term and options we have. If you think about where we are, we've been matching our supply to our customer's demand and running the system as effectively as we can for quite a while now. And all along that way, we've been evaluating our options and trying to develop an informed point of view on a couple of things. One is demand and the shape of the recovery. And secondly would be where do we think the market is headed and what capabilities do we need for the future? And both of those factors influenced our decision to reset the mill system, as Mark said. We have a large low-cost fleet with tremendous flexibility and capability. And so when you think about that, we're able to close Orange without compromising our ability to serve customers and we have what we need for the short term and midterm. When you think about the amount of EDT we were taking and even with this closure, we still have room to grow. And then when we think about the future, we do have options to grow in the right product ranges at the right time. And as you heard, this move in the near term allows us to run the system in a more optimized way. And all in lowers our cost structure by about $140 million.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then maybe one on the capital side. I'm assuming as you guys went through this exercise, it was just as much about maybe variable production costs as perhaps investments. But again, kind of peeking around the corner to ’24, this year, you're projecting to spend a little bit above D&A. Is that something that you envision over the next, at least maybe again ‘24 or ‘25, if you're willing to comment, given maybe throttling back a little bit during the pandemic?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, Hey, Gabe. Yes. Good morning, Gabe. It's Tim. So I think as you said, right around D&A and on a normalized basis, I think that's where we are for the foreseeable future. Some years higher, some years lower. We haven't finished our planning work for next year yet to have a specific thought about what the level will be there. So we'll complete that over the next month or so. And then in January, when we release, we'll have more to say about 2024 and how we're thinking about capital at that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. I was just wondering if you had a sort of updated view on the full year adjusted EBITDA, CapEx and free cash flow guide. You provided that, I think in previous slides, if there's updated view for ‘23.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, we showed it at the second quarter and then third quarter actuals, and now we've given a fourth quarter outlook. And but the short answer is there's no material change in any of the categories that we provided a full year, a full year outlook for. We're still solidly in the EBITDA range, right in line with capital and cash flow the same way.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then in terms of box shipments, can you talk about the cadence of North American box volumes, maybe during the quarter and then touch on the trends in October? And then I think seasonally, there's usually like a little bit of an uptick in September. Did you see demand that you think was stronger than normal seasonality or how would you sort of describe that dynamic?
Tom Hamic : Hey, Anthony. This is Tom Hamic. Just in terms of demand, we troughed or had a trough in Q1 like Q4. We've seen continued improvement from that time and that lasted through Q3. So we felt very good about the improvement through Q3. A lot of segments seem to stabilize in Q3 and we think they're going to improve in Q4. So think about beverage and processed food. Really strong stabilization in Q3, improvement into Q4. E-commerce, stabilization in Q3, improvement into Q4. So we feel good about the trend. I think you asked about October. We're very close. If you look at the order book, which is the best way of kind of looking forward, especially when you've got a month like October that can be a little bit misleading. I would put the order book growth at about 3% to 4%. And so we think that's going to improve as we go through the quarter. That's a sequential number. So think 4% to 5% for the quarter sequentially. So we see these segments in the market continuing to improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. And given the announcements earlier in the quarter as well, just want to wish everyone the best during the management transition and Mark, especially to you for your leadership over this period. I wanted to go back to the deal heatmap slide, the outlook slide, and just make sure that we've got this correctly. So given our very quick tally of what you mentioned, Tim, are we -- are you suggesting EBITDA and I haven't done the rough and ready for cellulose fibers is, perhaps below breakeven and overall that we might be somewhere in the 400s relative to the to where we were in the third quarter. And then the second question that I had in terms of businesses and profitability, Europe is not your largest business. You've been there for a while. It generated about a 10% EBITDA margin. It's still relatively small. Strategically, how do you see that business mark over time? Are you happy with the profitability and what's its real role within the IP portfolio? And then I had one or two other follow-ups.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, hey, George, it's Tim. So yes, I think generally speaking, you're in the zip code of how we're thinking about the fourth quarter. Of course, the IR team will talk you through all of the essentials and everything. But I think ballpark, it sounds like you're close. And with your –
Mark Sutton: Yes. On the EMEA question, we like the business. We don't like the absolute performance, but we have doubled the earnings from ‘22 to ‘23 after they were hit so hard with high natural gas costs. And we've made some very successful single plan acquisitions over the last couple of years that's really built the density around the Madrid container board bill. So we view our Europe business as a regional strategy. It's mostly southern Europe. We think there's growth opportunity, but it's largely going to continue to come in that region. We think it has a long-term growth potential. It's a very attractive market. EBITDA margins to get good returns in Europe. George, remember, can be a bit lower than we're used to seeing in the U.S. because of the mill structure being mostly recycled. You have a lot less capital employed to generate the revenue line. So if you like 20% EBITDA margins here, low to mid-teens, get you the same return on invested capital. So it's a different capital structure. And we have $1.5 billion business for revenue basis there. So in the regions that we're in, we have pretty significant positions like the Iberian Peninsula, Morocco, we're a leader. We're significant in Italy and France. So I think long term, it fits IP and it gives us some growth factors in the packaging business that obviously is most of our company now.
George Staphos: Understood. My follow on question just for the fluff pulp business, the machine closures that you announced, how quickly will that benefit the results within GCF? And in your longer-term outlook and your view that it's still got opportunities to create value. What effect, if any, how have you thought about perhaps some of the, I mean, it's come up in the past and calls the potential from eucalyptus based fluff, which there seems to be a bit more interesting again. How much does that take from the market as a market grow sufficiently so that you can keep growing and take advantage of all the commercial opportunities you have. Thank you, gentlemen.
Clay Ellis: Hey, George. This is Clay Ellis. I'll be happy to try to take a stab at your questions. Good morning. Yes, I think the machine closures will occur in the fourth quarter. We'll have some residual personnel calls that extend into the first quarter of next year as we train and move folks around in that. But overall, that will mostly be complete in the first quarter. So I think that we'll see the benefits immediately and the benefits will ramp as you go through ‘24. And we still have, at Riegelwood, we will have a little bit of optimization work to do, very minimal cost that will have a big payback in getting our cost per ton optimized there. That will all happen early in ‘24. You're going to -- your comment on short fiber or eucalyptus, it's fluff. So eucalyptus fluff has been out, I think, most of this decade, seven, eight years. It's been in the market and been a pretty relatively small amount of the market hasn't had significant growth. To your point, there's interest and concern, and I think there always has been. I think as prices create, when prices got high and supply chains were constrained last year, there were probably more interest in it at that point about how do we look at a short fiber differently or more seriously. Again, we have that baked in. We think that the long-term view of fluff pulp and the growth is consistent in the future as it has been in the past. Long fiber has, is a reason why it's 90 plus percent of the market, and we think it will relatively stay in that range, and so does it materially change our view or outlook of the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weiintraub from Seaport Research.
Mark Weiintraub: Good morning. A few follow-ons, if I could just a clarification really, and hopefully I'm not splitting hairs here, but first on that question on the bridge for EBITDA for the fourth quarter, you gave us very specific numbers and if I just take the 590 you had in the third quarter, and I think there was basically $117 million difference from what you, the numbers you provided for 4Q guidance, that puts me in the upper 400 as opposed to just more generically in the 400s, is that fair?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, that's fair, Mark.
Mark Weiintraub: Okay. And then second on the Orange, so the $140 million, does that primarily show up in 2024 as well? Or does it start to show up in the fourth quarter? And maybe just related to that. Is Orange down now or when does that get closed?
Jay Royalty: Hey Mark, good morning, this is Jay. So we're working through the early stages of the transition and obviously there's a winddown that is underway as we speak. It's not down at this point. We do have to transition business and transition customers and work through all of the dynamics, but it did all of that will be complete in the fourth quarter. So we would expect to see that type of EBITDA impact fully recognized in 2024.
Mark Weiintraub: Okay, super, thank you. And then maybe just a little bit of color. You talked about the export, containerboard export business getting better. And to a certain extent that sort of led us down and we have much more price erosion there than in the domestic business. Maybe if you could just provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing there. And are we, I mean, again, pulp and paper, we posted prices lower in their review of what was going on with export pricing. Can you give us your perspective on what's happening kind of real time in those markets?
Jay Royalty: Sure, Mark. This is Jay again. And if you go back to the last call, we spoke about starting to see some improvement in the export markets. And that definitely continued in the third quarter. So when you think about the major markets, we serve Latin America, Europe, Asia. We've seen inventories normalize in all of those markets at this point and we see demand continue to improve. Latin America continues to be very solid as we sell in the second quarter and that's being driven by bananas and pineapples, melons, these types of products. So very resilient. Europe, we saw a shift in a positive direction in the third quarter, rebounding. And that's been a fruit and vegetable driven as well, really in anticipation of a much better agricultural season beginning in early ‘24, late ‘23, early ‘24 versus last year. Asia is the market that continues to lag a bit but we're seeing recovery there as well. And so when you look at all of that and look through the fourth quarter, we see strong quarter bucks all the way through the end of the year. So we believe we've seen demand bottom and the outlook is certainly more encouraging.
Mark Weiintraub: Okay, great. I recognize you guys aren't going to forecast prices here but it doesn't seem that this demand improvement has translated yet into better pricing. Is that a function of more supply out there chasing this business? Or any color you could help us with in that regard?
Jay Royalty: Yes, I mean you have to see demand improvement to see the market turn. We're seeing that. There still is a supply demand imbalance, but that's shifting both because of actions that are being taken on the supply side as you know about and also this demand improvement. So at this point, we're as I said, we think we've seen demand bottom, the outlook's more encouraging. We'll see where it goes from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland from Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Thank you, Mark, Tim. And Mark for taking my questions. Just have one quick follow up on the Orange Texas closure. I do appreciate Jay's comments around that mill. But I do believe you mentioned a few quarters ago that a permanent capacity adjustment was not on the horizon. So I'm wondering what's transpired and what's happened in the last few quarters that has changed your approach? And then to think about your portfolio more broadly, to the extent you can comment and realizing that it may be difficult on this type of forum, but are there additional similar opportunities to further rationalize your portfolio?
Mark Sutton: Mike, I'll take the first part because I'm the one who said we didn't have any permanent closures on the horizon. I think what I said was we look at permanent closures around secular declines and we don't believe we have that. I think what's changed is the depth and duration of this downturn. It's not like anything we've seen since we built the industrial packaging business starting in the mid-2000s. And we also, and Jay mentioned this. We also have a long-term plan for that business and the kinds of containerboard we need to make for the future, in some cases, is different than the containerboard we make today. We invested in high-quality whitetop at our Riverdale Mill. That's a future-looking product that makes a bleached pulp container board, not using recycled. So high quality, we've got basis weight and high performance, lightweight needs that our system can't address today for the future. So I think part of what allowed us to make this decision is the depth of this downturn and the duration and the fact that we need, over time, to change our product offering that we make boxes out of. So we're taking this opportunity to do a reset and then we have to get the timing of any future investment right. But that's what's changed. We still believe in the long-term fundamentals, as Jay said, about growth. Two quarters ago, I would not have thought we were still in this type of demand environment taking this type of economic downtime.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And then, Mark, I appreciate the color. Just on my second part of that question, in terms of additional opportunities you may have or similar opportunities in the portfolio, similar Orange that you can rationalize, where does that stand?
Jay Royalty: Hey, Mike. This is Jay. We've made this announcement. We came to it through a very thorough and extensive evaluation of both the commercial side as well as our fleet and capabilities. We're very comfortable with the decision that we've made and how it sets us up for the future. We still have room to grow and we're in this business to win and to grow, and the system that we will have moved forward will enable us to do that.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Okay. And just one quick follow-up. Mark, can you help us understand the company's approach just going forward with respect to cost takeout and driving efficiencies? Obviously, kudos to you and the entire team for doing a terrific job with building a better IP initiative. But how do you ensure that you and the team were making laser focused on cost removal and improving efficiency, particularly as the cycle starts to inflect and demand gets to more notably improved?
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Mike. As part of the cost takeout is something that no one's really had to do before, meaning we had four year high inflation that's gotten stuck into a lot of our inputs. So that becomes a, not just using less, but that becomes a real commercial challenge just like with our customers on the sales side. In our global sourcing world, no one wants to give back any of the pricing they were going to get through ‘21, ‘22 and early ‘23. So positioning ourselves as a large buyer of all of these inputs and to some extent having to play hardball and getting some of that cost out, we put everybody in the company on clear directions around what our EBITDA per ton needs to be to get the kind of margins that drive the kind of returns on invested capital. And what that does for us is we need to be here and we have a gap. So everybody has a role to play in closing that gap and the cost takeout of inputs especially and I'm including distribution and logistics and things that are at levels that we've never seen before and stubbornly staying at those levels. Can't cover all of that just with higher prices and revenue because you run into all these other strategic issues like substitutions. So we've got to work on all of it. But that's really the approach is to take out some of the things that have found their way in and have become a bit structural but do it in a very analytical and organized way and then divide and conquer so we can close the gap. Much of what we've had success, you mentioned Build a Better IP. That is a very focused, formal, initiative, unique to IP initiatives. They're not dependent on the market per se, but a very focused process. We plan on using that same process to continue. We won't name it and we won't call it and we probably won't report on it, but what you should hopefully see as analysts and investors on the call is improved earnings quarter after quarter after quarter. We're going to use that same rigorous approach. We have some outside help in setting it up. We're running it entirely in-house now and we plan on continuing to do that to get the cost takeout.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng from Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Well, first off, Mark, I want to thank you for all your great insights over the years and appreciate the leadership. So my first question is the company has always had a deep bench of senior executives that you've moved around nicely. What's the game plan in terms of the succession plan, thought process of internal versus external? And when the board is looking for the next candidate, any characteristics that stand out that they're looking for?
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Phil. When we put out the announcement to notify publicly that we were moving to the kind of last phase, we have a multi-phase process like most public companies do, and it's a multiyear process for leadership succession, and CEO, but also senior leader succession. The board is working very hard, obviously, on the board and working with them to make the best possible selection for the next leader of IP from both our internal talent, as you said, we have tremendous talent in the company. But again, good governance and a best practice is also to look at exhaustively at outside talent. And one thing just to remember on it, we're making progress, but the board is not looking to replace me. They're looking to find the next leader for IP for the future. And we think about what the future holds with respect to technology, with respect to what's happening in markets, the changing workforce. We built a specification about the future, the leader we think we need for the future of the company, and that's what the board is laser focused on. They're working hard on it. They're doing a great job with it. And we will get to a point where when we have something to report, we will, but I think the process we're using, high likelihood we come out with a great choice for the next leader for IP. But that's really the focus and how we're approaching it from the process standpoint.
Phil Ng: Okay. That's great color. Year-to-date, you guys have taken about a million and a half tons of economic downtime with containerboard. Orange, I think, is about 800,000 tons of capacity. So when you take that capacity out, do you effectively reduce your economic downtime by half next year, assuming demands stable to growing and would that be additive to I guess the $140 million of savings you called out. I mean any color on the EBITDA impact I guess this year in the economic downtime would be helpful as well.
Jay Royalty: Hey, Phil. This is Jay Royalty. Your math is good that's how the math works but we are in a transitional situation and I think you've heard both Tom and I talk about the improving demand trajectory so obviously with this move it still leaves us some flexibility, it still leaves us some room. We won't change anything about how we're operating to make the cost of that flexibility to minimize the cost of that flexibility but as we get our commercial analysis and we work very closely together on this in terms of the outlook. We're very comfortable that our commercial plans and our commercial execution of what we're doing, what Tom's doing in the box business and what we're doing in the containerboard business, that we need that flexibility and we need that capacity for how we see the future. So, that's where we are.
Phil Ng: But Jay, am I interpreting correctly any improvement in economic downtime would be added to that $140 million in cost savings and any way to size up how much of the EBITDA impact it's been this year so far?
Jay Royalty: The $140 million is the number that we've put out there in terms of the EBITDA impact, but yes, there would be further benefit from taking up that economic downtime or eliminating that economic downtime.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of Matthew McKellar from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew McKellar: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. It sounds like you're looking at opportunities to further optimize your cost structure in global cellulose fibers. Are you able to provide a bit more detail on what opportunities still exist there and whether you're maybe looking to either further capacity actions or capital investments that could drive stronger cost performance? And then when you think about what can drive you from your current run rate in that business to achieving above cost of capital returns, how do you think about the relative importance of optimizing that cost structure versus other factors like achieving more favorable production mix or driving stronger pricing? Thanks.
Clay Ellis: Yes, thank you, Matthew. This is Clay. It's a great question. Part of the moves that we made with Pensacola and Riegelwood has a cost structure implication. Pensacola machine was a high cost machine. So that's part of it. We talked about Riegelwood, although it has fluff capacity over the past couple years the majority of that machine was used for not fluff, but for market pull, softwood market pulls. So that has a cost implication as well as a mix implication. So the benefits there are both in cost and in mix. If you think about going forward, what are the opportunities in the business? I think as we would, as I would prioritize our cost opportunities, it's first in supply chain with last year, 2022. A lot of things were put in place as we export 90% of our volume globally to get that volume out to serve our customers between warehousing and container freight stations and various methods. It increased our supply chain costs. We are unwinding those warehousing in different modes. Of course costs are coming down in freight rates, om ocean carrier rates. So that's very helpful, but also the things that we did uniquely that we can unwind uniquely. That's probably been a big driver, been a biggest driver and will continue to be a very big driver. We have more to optimize there. I think capacity, I think again, as we see the growth of fluff in the kind of historical ranges, we want to continue to -- we want to optimize our machines on fluff. I think mix is the biggest opportunity, as you mentioned, what is it cost, is it prices? Mix is an opportunity and then price are bigger opportunities then. We don't feel like we're disadvantaged in a cost of manufacturing or even a supply chain cost. So there's obviously benefit there, there's opportunity there, but mix and price would be, after we're optimizing this move, mix and prices is clearly the driver.
Matthew McKellar: Great, that's helpful, thanks very much. If you're sticking with Pensacola, I think you also produce containerboard at that site. How does taking capacity down in the pulp side affect the cost profile of that mill, if at all? Thanks.
Jay Royalty: Yes, so this is Jay Royalty. So there's clearly costs there that the containerboard business has to bear as a consequence of that move. Just putting a little perspective on how we think about Pensacola. Pensacola is a unique asset within our portfolio. It's globally competitive, lightweight, craft liner, really serving all the channels, both domestic export and as well as NAC. And if you think about the grade range that we have there, it goes from about 20 pounds to the mid-30s, so definitely differentiated from a lightweight standpoint. If you look at it on a traditional cost curve, it's right in the middle of the pack, but that's not on a per ton basis, it's not really the right way to look at a mill like Pensacola. You have to look at it on an area basis, which is the way boxes are made and sold. And Pensacola is a very capable machine. It's a live machine. It's a well-equipped machine. It's got significant output, about 550,000 tons, which is significant, in particular, when you consider that basis weight. And the capabilities at Pensacola, from our perspective, really match where the market is heading. Demand is high and growing for these wider weight products. And also in the context of being a single machine mill, we have other mills that are single machine mills that are competitive and successful, and we expect Pensacola to be no different in that regard.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Thanks for that detail. And then last one for me, and you touched on this as part of your response to Anthony's question, but last quarter you showed a slide that indicated where your customer inventories were versus target levels broken down by customer segment. And it sounds like destocking is generally run its course, but if you're to run that same analysis today, do you think all customer segments would show inventories at or below target levels? Are there any segments, particularly within North America here, where destocking could still be a factor in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Tom Hamic : Great. Hey, Matthew, this is Tom Hammack. I think you're accurate in saying that destocking is generally over. We actually went out and talked to customers. We do that quarterly to get an idea of inventory levels. And the data came back exactly like we're saying is a dramatic shift over the last three quarters in terms of stock levels. In fact, in many cases, anecdotally, we're hearing people have oversteered a bit. And if you look at our order patterns in certain markets, it looks like that you're, we're seeing more rush orders, more volatility in orders, and so you can kind of picture them bouncing along the bottom. So we think in many cases it's more than healthy relative to future box demand. But all indications so far are exactly what you said.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Sutton for closing comments.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for your time today and for your interest in International Paper. I look forward, along with the leadership team, to updating you on our progress on our next call at the end of January. So have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's International Paper’s Third quarter, 2023 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Alan. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3 where I will highlight our results. In the second quarter, our operations ran very well and managed our businesses effectively in a challenging demand environment while taking care of our customers. Looking at our performance, International Paper delivered $55 million of year-over-year incremental earnings benefit from our Building a Better IP initiatives. This program contributed $120 million of benefits through the first half of the year, and we are on track to exceed our full year target for the second year in a row. Underlying demand for our products improved throughout the quarter, but remain constrained by inventory destocking as our customers and broader supply chain work through elevated inventories of their products. Based on discussions with our customers and trends observed across the various end-use segments for packaging and pulp products, we believe consumer priority in the second quarter remain focused on services as well as non-discretionary goods. This trend has been influenced by a pull forward of goods during the pandemic as well as inflationary pressures and rising interest rates. However, based on feedback from our customers, we also believe that destocking is finally coming to the close. Margins remained under pressure due to the resulting weak volumes and lower prices across our portfolio. However, this was partially offset by lower input and distribution expenses as our team worked to reduce our marginal cost. On capital allocation, we returned $200 million to shareholders in the quarter. And with respect to the sale of our Ilim investment, I reported last quarter that the Russian buyers received an important required approval from the Russian sub-commissioned overseeing exits by foreign companies. They are still awaiting the approval from the Russian Competition Authority. Buyers continue to pursue this approval, and we expect to close as soon as all regulatory approvals are secured. I will now turn it over to Tim, who will provide more details about our second quarter performance and our third quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Turning to our second quarter key financials on Slide 4. Operating earnings per share increased sequentially and also came in better than the outlook we provided last quarter as we effectively optimized our system through commercial and operational initiatives. Operating margins continued to be impacted by low volumes, but improved sequentially as lower outage expense and favorable input costs more than offset the impact from lower sales prices. In the second quarter, we generated $261 million of free cash flow. Recall that free cash flow from the first quarter was impacted by $193 million final settlement payment to the IRS related to our timber monetization, which allowed us to further derisk our balance sheet. Moving to second quarter sequential earnings on Slide 5, second quarter operating earnings per share was $0.59 as compared to $0.53 in the first quarter. Pricing mix was lower by $0.29 per share due to index movements across our portfolio. Lower export prices and unfavorable product mix in our Global Cellulose Fibers business as a result of lower absorbent pulp shipments. Volume was flat sequentially as improved demand in our North American Industrial Packaging business was offset by weaker demand in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Volume in both businesses were impacted by customer inventory destocking. Operations and costs was also flat as our mills continue to run very well. Higher ops and costs in our Industrial Packaging business, primarily due to economic downtime, was offset by lower ops and costs in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Maintenance outages were lower by $88 million or $0.19 per share in the second quarter and we saw a significant relief from input costs, which were $83 million, or $0.18 per share lower, primarily driven by lower energy, wood and distribution costs. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 6. Price and mix was lower due to index movements and lower export prices. This was partially offset by benefits from commercial initiatives focused on margin improvement. Sequentially, volume was higher despite one less shipping day as demand continued to improve throughout the quarter from the March trough. Our U.S. box shipments were down 8.3% year-over-year in the second quarter as demand for packaging continued to be impacted by ongoing inventory destocking by our customers. However, June was down 5.9% year-over-year as the quarter improved. Lower demand environment impacted operations and costs in the quarter as we aligned our production with our customer demand while also optimizing our inventories and taking fewer planned maintenance outages. These actions resulted in approximately 622,000 tons of economic downtime across the system, which accounted for approximately two thirds of the ops and cost variance. The remainder was primarily due to timing of spending for materials and services. Overall, our mill system ran very well. Planned maintenance outages were lower by $54 million sequentially, partially reflecting deferral or some outages in the second half of the year as we continue to optimize our outages. Significantly lower input costs improved earnings by $66 million in the quarter. We benefited from lower energy, wood and distribution costs, some of which was due to the relentless efforts by our business teams to call back high marginal cost while optimizing our systems in the current demand environment. To give you an example of this, our mill and fiber procurement teams have made tremendous progress reducing fiber costs by optimizing mix and shedding our highest cost supplier of fiber to the mills. Our teams across the mill and box plants also are driving significant reductions in distribution costs by doing things like reducing highest cost of freight carriers, renegotiating contract rates, increasing weights per load, reducing miles per load and shedding warehouse and to merge expense. Turning to Slide 7. I'll share some perspective regarding how inventory destocking is progressing for our customers. Based on their feedback and our own analysis, we believe inventory destocking across the supply chain has accounted for a large portion of overall demand declines this year. It is also lasting longer than initial expectations due to the limited visibility across the entire supply chain of excess inventories built up during the pandemic. Feedback from some of our large – larger customers suggest that approximately 75% of them entered the third quarter at or below inventory levels – target inventory levels. The good news is that given feedback from our customers and looking at the data, we expect this destocking trend to be completed in the third quarter. On Slide 8, some additional data supports our current view. We believe the majority of retailer inventory destocking was completed in the first quarter. However, manufacturers are still reducing inventories through the second quarter as a result of lower demand levels, improved supply chain velocity and focus on working capital given higher interest rates. Despite the current environment, corrugated packaging plays a critical role in bringing essential products to consumers. IP is well positioned to grow with our customers over the long-term due to our diverse portfolio of products and services and our strategic relationships with a large number of national and local customers across a broad range of attractive end-use segments. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 9. Taking a look at the second quarter performance, price and mix was lower due to price index movements and a higher level of commodity grades in the quarter in response to weaker fluff pulp shipments. As a reminder, approximately 85% of the products in this business are exported as International Paper serves major global and regional customers around the world. As we entered the year, fluff pulp volumes came under pressure. First, consumer demand for absorbent hygiene products was lower driven by inflationary pressures. And second, there was significant inventory destocking across the long supply chains. This destocking trend continued in the second quarter as supply chains became more efficient and reliable. As a result, customers were able to work down safety stocks that were built up in response to the supply chain disruptions during the pandemic. This resulted in approximately 143,000 tons of economic downtime across the system as we aligned our production with customer demand. The combined impact of lower volumes and a higher mix of commodity grades continue to negatively impact business earnings. Looking forward, based on feedback from our customers and order bookings, majority of destocking should be completed in the third quarter, and we believe fluff demand will continue to grow over the long-term. This is due to the essential role absorbent personal products play in meeting customer needs. Coming back to the second quarter, operations and costs improved sequentially as we benefited from lower distribution costs and our business teams remain focused on driving down the high marginal costs going forward. Sequentially, ops and cost were also favorably impacted by seasonally lower energy consumption and higher residual energy sales. Planned maintenance outages were lower by $34 million sequentially, and input costs were lower by $17 million due to low energy and chemical costs. Turning to Slide 10. I'll take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions. We have a strong balance sheet, which is core to our capital allocation framework. Looking ahead, we have limited medium-term debt maturities and our pension plan remains fully funded. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the second quarter, we returned $200 million to shareowners. Going forward, we are committed to returning cash by maintaining our dividend. Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash generation. We invested $267 million in our businesses in the second quarter, which includes funding for cost reduction projects with attractive returns and for strategic projects to build out capabilities and our box system. Going forward, we plan to make additional investments across our box system to support long-term profitable growth. And we will remain disciplined and selective when assessing M&A opportunities. On Slide 11, we’ll take a look at the third quarter outlook. I will start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $95 million as a result of prior index movement in North America and lower average export prices based on declines to date. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $5 million due to improving demand and daily shipments in North America, offsetting one less shipping day. Operations and costs are expected to increase earnings by $95 million, more than half is due to lower cost of company paid benefits and our cost management initiatives. The balance is primarily due to lower unabsorbed fixed costs. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings by $28 million. And lastly, rising input costs are expected to decrease earnings by $15 million from higher average energy costs. Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $40 million as a result of prior index movements and declines in spot pricing to date. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $10 million as demand improves from lower inventory destocking. Operations and costs are expected to be stable relative to the second quarter. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to increase earnings by $12 million. And lastly, declining input costs are expected to increase earnings by $10 million, mostly due to lower fiber and chemical costs. On Slide 12, we’ll take a look at the full year outlook. As we entered the year, we recognize the macroeconomic uncertainties ahead of us and that our businesses were not immune to these risks. These macro trends have shifted resulting in weaker-than-expected demand for our products and price reductions across our portfolio through the second quarter, including prior index changes that will be implemented over the remainder. I would also remind you that we – that when we provide an outlook, it includes only the impact from published price changes to date. We are now projecting full year 2023 EBITDA for the company to be in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Despite the market headwinds, we are taking actions across the company to optimize our system by reducing high marginal cost and driving additional commercial and cost benefits from our building a better IP initiatives. And Mark will share more about these opportunities in the next few slides. Free cash flow is expected to be between $500 million and $600 million, which includes the onetime tax payment of $193 million in the first quarter related to our timber monetization settlement. For 2023, we are targeting CapEx of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, with increased investments in our U.S. box system. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. I’m going to turn to Slide 13 now, and I’d like to provide our quarterly update on our building a better IP initiatives. You can see the targets and the appropriate metrics on the slide. But as I mentioned earlier on the call, we’re making solid progress and delivered $55 million in year-over-year incremental earnings improvement in the second quarter for a total befit of $120 million year-to-date. Given this strong momentum, we expect to exceed our original target again this year. And these are issues and opportunities that are unique to IP that will shine through as we see the economic conditions improve. Our lean effectiveness initiative contributed $116 million of the cost savings since we began our building a better IP program in 2020. Early on, by streamlining our corporate and staff functions to realign with our more simplified portfolio after the spin-off of our papers business, we more than offset 100% of those dis-synergies resulting from spinoff. Majority of the benefits going forward will come and are coming from our strategy acceleration and process optimization initiatives, where our business teams have intense focus on creating significant value through commercial strategies and by leveraging advanced technologies and big data across our large system to improve productivity and lower costs. I’m excited about these opportunities. And in the next couple of slides, I’d like to share more examples of what our teams are working on in some of the early results. So turning to Slide 14. Let’s start with our Industrial Packaging business. As you can see on the slide, our teams across the business are pursuing multiple opportunities to improve margins and drive profitable growth. First, I’ll mention that we’re making good progress on reducing high marginal costs. Tim has previously referenced that input and distribution costs increased by more than $2 billion for IP over the period of pandemic. Coming into the year, clawing back these high marginal costs was an area of intense focus for us. We are accomplishing this by doing things like optimizing mix and usage of fiber and energy, reducing labor costs and over time, shifting to lower-cost suppliers, driving lower distribution costs and reducing discretionary spending and overhead expenses. As I’ve mentioned before, we’re also invest in our box business to expand our capabilities and improve productivity for future growth. On the commercial front, we have opportunities to leverage these new investments as well as our market expertise to further improve our mix and capture additional value. As we look across our system of mills and box plants, we are seeing real potential to leverage advanced technology and data analytics. In fact, some of that work is helping us get to levels of marginal cost reduction in high economic downtime periods that we’ve never reached before. Over the past year, we’ve developed and piloted new tools and capabilities to increase efficiency and reduce cost across a broad number of categories. We’re starting to see benefits in areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics as well as sourcing and we anticipate significant benefits as we continue to deploy these new technologies across our manufacturing system. All of this gives me confidence in our ability to drive profitable growth over the long term. Turning to Slide 15, I’ll share some key opportunities in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Over the past year, we have captured meaningful benefits from our commercial initiatives, and believe that there are more opportunities to capture significant value in this business as we continue to execute our revised go-to-market strategy. For example, our commercial teams finalized our fluff pulp contract negotiations which is contributing meaningful commercial benefit this year. In addition, we have earned a higher premium for fluff grades relative to commodity grades by capturing more value and aligning with those customers and segments and regions of the world who value our differentiated product and service offerings. However, the benefits of our commercial strategy are currently being masked by a very challenging and unprecedented business cycle as well as our exposure to the commodity grades that are not our core focus. As Tim mentioned earlier, it began with major supply chain disruptions during the pandemic, followed by significant inventory destocking actions that continue to constrain demand today. This combination of elevated supply chain costs and lower volumes have had a substantial impact on business earnings. But we do not believe that these issues are structural. And as I said, we have more opportunities to capture significant value going forward and we will continue to test this strategy over the business cycle. Fundamentally, I believe there’s a good business within this business and that we can continue to grow earnings and cash flows over the cycle. We are focused on creating value for our customers by delivering products that meet their stringent performance and product safety standards while delivering innovation. Over time, we have an opportunity to improve our mix by reducing our exposure to commodity grades. We can further align with customers in end-use markets that allow us to maximize the value of this business, while optimizing our overall cost structure. I will now turn to Slide 16. As you can see, there are several key areas of opportunity we’re working on to navigate the current economic environment while driving profitable growth over the long term. Combined with our strong financial foundation, International Paper is well positioned for success, and none of this would be accomplished or possible without our team of talented and engaged employees. I will close by expressing my appreciation for all of our work of our International Paper employees and for our strong customer relationships. And with that, we’re happy to move to the question-and-answer section. And similar to last quarter, our senior business leaders are joining me to provide you with their perspectives. So, operator, we’ll lead you now to the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Go ahead.
Mike Roxland: Thank you. Thank you, Mark, Time and Mark for taking my questions. Congrats on a good quarter. Just can you walk us through some of the moving parts regarding the updated EBITDA outlook versus your prior target any way to kind of size how much of that reduction is driven by Industrial Packaging versus Global Cellulose Fibers? How much is driven by a change in pricing versus maybe a weaker demand environment? Or just trying to gauge how much that type of break through.
Tim Nicholis: Yes. Hi Mike, this is Tim. I think obviously, prices has published now more than what we updated in the last quarter. So the bulk of it is price is both priced on the index and then as I referenced in the speaker comments, export pricing and spot pricing in the pulp business. There is some impact from volume because of the destocking, it’s taken a little bit longer, but the bulk of it is price. And on a proportional basis, GCF has had more frequent and higher levels of price reductions on the index than what we anticipated or what had been published when we updated last quarter.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thank you Tim. And then just quickly, just in terms of some of the initiatives that you’ve pursued in Global Cellulose Fibers, I believe looking at your prior forecast, I don’t think we anticipated that an additional 100-plus ton decline and fluff pulp pricing, obviously, get better than we expected in that segment. So, I’m wondering – I know Mark highlighted some of the things that you’re working on, but was there anything in particular that occurred in GCF during the quarter that allowed you to achieve that level of EBITDA despite the fact that prices relatively declined?
Mark Sutton: Mike, I’m going to ask Clay Ellis to talk a little bit about how they’re running in the business despite the soft demand and some of those improvements are really just in the operational side of it running well at a reduced demand environment. Clay, if you can share a couple of things about the second quarter [indiscernible] overcome some of the price headwinds?
Clay Ellis: Great question, Mike. Thank you. This is Clay Ellis. Yes, I think, you mentioned coming into the second quarter, what we thought about demand or net price and the amount of EDT that we took, we came into the – exited the first quarter, believing that we would see most of the inventory destocking issues subside through the quarter. We did not see that as we expected. We’ve begun to see some improvement June being better than May, July being better than June. And August is also looking better. So it’s improving, but it’s certainly what we’re seeing now, we hope to see earlier in the second quarter the things that we’re focused on maximizing cash generation, managing our machine downtime, you may have seen we’ve idled our Pensacola Mill to consolidate some EDT there, allow the other mills to run a little bit more of a normal ray [ph] that’s overall better for our cost. Supply chain, aggressive supply chain cost and driving out costs there as Tim mentioned, minimizing our fiber costs, maximizing green energy sales and carbon credit sales. And then also increasing our pull byproduct sales and production. So pulling all of the levers to manage our cash costs and our marginal costs in the business as – but we see improving through the third quarter destocking, we certainly in the second half we see of the year to get out of that in the meantime, we’re doing everything that we can on cost and then also looking as Tim and Mark mentioned around our business, our mix and mitigating some of our exposure to commodity grades.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Great. Thank you very much for that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mark Weiintraub with Seaport Research. Go ahead.
Mark Weiintraub: Thank you. So the slide on or the slide on Page 7, very, very interesting slide. I was curious how you came about to put that together. Is that just conversations with customers? Do you do some sort of survey on that? And then are you seeing any sign in the metrics, be it shipments, be it bookings where this hopeful end to the destocking is translating into changing business as you look at what you registered in July and maybe thoughts on August?
Mark Sutton: Mark, this is Mark. That’s a great question. There is a qualitative piece to that slide and there’s a quantitative piece that’s internal and some other metrics we use. I’ll ask Tom to kind of give you a perspective on what that slide kind of represents in terms of how we feel demand has been evolving and different spots in the supply chain that have been a hard for anybody and everybody to call in terms of where inventory actually resides along the value chain. So Tom, if you could share a bit on that.
Tom Hamic: Sure. Right. Good morning, Mark. This is Tom Hamic. We take a subset of customers and that subset of customers is consistent of [indiscernible] we talked to them about how they see their demand patterns, but also what their inventory levels are for not only boxes, but finished goods. And so that’s what you see flowing through here. It’s not – we have a representative sample, but it’s not 60% of the customer base. It’s kind of leaders in the segments that we look at. I think when you talk about destocking, it’s been pretty consistent flowing through our system like we expected. And I think what you can see going back to Q4 is that consistency is based on the customer feedback. So these both pieces are matching up very well. We’re going to – we finished Q2 about where we expected, so we was up 2% sequentially in terms of shipments per day and we’re seeing an improvement into June, no, excuse me, into July of mid-single digits. So I think that’s very reflective of kind of this curve of destocking or overstocking going away over time.
Mark Weiintraub: Super. And so that, that’s sequential and so the comps are getting easier too, I believe so. So is it fair to say that on a year-over-year basis it’s even better than the mid-single digits?
Tom Hamic: Well, the mid-single digit is a positive from quarter-to-quarter. That’s sequential. I think that that ties out to about a flat to minus 2% growth in the third quarter or in really more July. So we flowed through more strongly through the second quarter that’s continuing now, and I think that is a pretty good representation of how our customers are viewing it.
Mark Weiintraub: Right. Thank you that, that I misstated, thank you for getting that. And then just in terms of, in pulp, you idle to consolidate downtime and obviously you took huge amounts of downtime in containerboard during the second quarter. And even with things ramping up, it does seem like there’s a big gap between your capacity to produce and the demand. Are you looking at idling to consolidate downtime in the containerboard business or have you done anything there yet?
Mark Sutton: That’s a really good question, Mark. I – we kind of anticipated that, that question. What you see is a perfect example of the specific back patterns in two different parts of international paper. What Clay described is the best cost position for GCF was to take the Pensacola Mill down and then maximize production at the other mills. The – those mills are a 100% virgin fiber, so the marginal cost actions you have to take at the other mills to load them up. And the fact that you can sell green energy when you’re running full at those mills led us to one set of decisions. So far in containerboard because the marginal cost profile of the other containerboard mills, the ones you wouldn’t idle permanently or completely involve a huge mix of we’re 65, 35 urgent and recycle. So you ramp up recycled fiber, you have physical logistics challenges based on where the other mills are. So far, we believe the way we’ve been doing it for IP for our containerboard system has resulted in the lowest marginal cost. There’s a question mark though about the duration of this type of mismatch between our capacity and our order book. And as we learn more about that and we now believe we’ve seen the bottom of the demand decline in destocking, we will then evaluate what does the upturn look like? And then if there’s a different decision to be made and marginal cost have changed through the year where it’s not as expensive to load up those other mills, you would see us make a different decision. And so that, that’s how we try to operate it. And you can see an example of two different methods in two different parts of the same company that have different marginal cost attributes based on the products we’re making.
Mark Weiintraub: Very clear and helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi everybody. Thanks for the details and great operating performance in the quarter. Mark and Tom, a question for you. So to the extent that we have data and it’s certainly not a perfect analog for what you’d be seeing in the box market, nonetheless, scanner data, retail takeaway remains relatively weak. And obviously a lot of what drives the box market is consumer non-durables. It’s the center of the store. So what are your customers telling you in terms of what is happening at retail and sell through and takeaway relative to hopefully what’s an uptick now in their purchase patterns from you and through the supply chain loading the center of the store?
Tom Hamic: Sure. George, this is Tom. I – we look at scanner data as well, but we also look at we try and push it down to what is box intensive, so what uses boxes. Our analysis would suggest that the retail channel of that space is somewhere between minus 2% year-over-year and plus 1%. The difficulty obviously is taking the revenue line, which is what you normally get, and then, okay, what is inflation for this set of goods? But if you take a broad range that’s about where it comes out, I would say that when you look at the perishability of the segments, so think of a segment that produce that’s been the most resilient, that’s been our strongest segment exiting Q3 relative to the past. But the ones that are struggling are exactly what you said non-durables and durables. And I think it’s because the shelf life is so long that they built up their supply chain and cover for risk. And now obviously they’re going to have to pull it down further. But I don’t think that the health of the consumer beyond the goods recession that we’ve talked about will negatively impact box demand in a material way.
George Staphos: Okay. That’s very interesting. So there the fact that you’ve got such large shelf life, and I also I guess for that matter, the supply chain opening up that allows customers to really take down their inventories on the stuff that can stay the lumps on the shelf because they probably have the most of that and they’re saying consumer isn’t going into a shell from what you’re seeing on the retail side. Would that be a fair summary of what you’re saying?
Tom Hamic: I think that’s exactly right. I mean, I think about the classic motor oil in the department store, that’s not going to time out, but during the pandemic, you could see people stocking that type of thing up. And so I think you’ve got multiple places where people talk.
George Staphos: Understood. My other question recognizing this is a bit tricky and you’re not guiding on 2024, but here comes the question. So we know building a better IP, which you’re doing very well on, congratulations we will add, I think you said from the slide another 150 to 125 next year. If we look at what the price index change that have occurred to date, making no further assumptions one way or another going forward, what would the impact of that be into 2024 in terms of EBITDA? We know what your guidance is. We know what building a better IP does. What is the effect of prior price changes on EBITDA for next year, and what is the – what do you have in the back pocket in terms of all the operating efficiencies, all the optimization that you’ve done as well as you look out to 2024? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Hey George, it’s Tim. You’re right. That’s a tricky question, but I’ll give it a shot…
George Staphos: But who better interest than you, Tim, so?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Thanks, George. So we look at the price carryover impact but I hesitate to quantify it for a lot of reasons, but one in particular is just we’re sorting through mix and mix is going to change and so the price impact won’t be the same on a different mix than the one that we had as the price has changed. In terms of initiatives, I think you heard characterized on the call all of the things that we’re working on in the moment, but there are also strategic initiatives that we’re working on that are going to drive better results on the commercial side and also on the call side. So I – we typically give our outlook when we do the fourth quarter call at the beginning of the year. And I think we’ll stick to that, but we feel pretty good about what’s going on in the company and the way of self-help that will mitigate that carryover that that that we’re going to see as we go into 2024.
George Staphos: Okay. We appreciate it. We’ll turn over. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from Cleve Rueckert with UBS. Go ahead.
Cleve Rueckert: Great, thanks very much for taking the questions and good morning everybody. I just want to follow-up on George’s question, it was kind of asked a little bit differently earlier as well, but just sort of thinking about bigger picture the next couple of years. What really needs to happen to drive the earnings recovery that you’ve been looking for? I mean, I think the last couple of quarters we’ve talked about this cyclicality and you’ve said a couple of times you feel like you’ve got the capacity in the system that you need versus volume expectations. I mean, it sounds like that’s still the case, but are we talking about a pricing recovery? Is volume kind of enough to get you there? I mean, what are kind of the drivers that you’re going to be evaluating in the second half year?
Mark Sutton: Hi Cleve, this is Mark. That’s a really good question. It’s – unfortunately, it’s not one thing. I think what we need to see the earnings recovery is the kind of structure between price and cost, which obviously has a volume component to it that drives our margin structure back north of 20%. So what we do to track that is we look at – in the case of packaging, we used to be there a lot of the time. In the case of this GCF business, we were – we’re working our way to that kind of margin structure that yields – returns that are well above at least 200 basis points above cost of capital. And so what we do is we break that down into just a simple EBITDA per ton for everybody to focus on. And there are components of that number that are purely commercial, who we sell to and at what price that are somewhat macro related, i.e., the amount of volume available in the market that we can compete for. And then there’s the wealth of areas to work on in the cost area. And what’s changed for IP is the demand that really ramped up and pulled forward was accompanied by a number of price increases that it took us longer to get them through based on the customer mix we had and contractual responsibilities. But the inflationary impact of our cost structure didn’t wait for that. So we had a classic margin squeeze that we have to undo now. So that’s really what’s got to happen. Obviously, a lot of it is a market that is not declining at the rate it started to decline. For all the reasons we talked about, maybe not the end consumer, but the destocking effect and all of that. That started about this time last year or in August of last year in earnest. And it’s hard to get out from under that quickly when you’ve got sticky inflation that has flowed through to labor cost and all of those things in your supply chain. So I think that’s what’s got to happen in most of those efforts. We don’t control the overall demand, but we are confident in both product lines being facing a long-term growth profile. What we do control is who we sell to and at what price and how we operate our manufacturing facilities to be first quartile type cost producer of these types of products. And so we’ve got efforts and focus on all of those initiatives and I’m very confident we’ll get back to the levels of earnings and returns and then grow from there.
Cleve Rueckert: Okay. That’s – yes, that’s pretty clear, sort of a little bit of a vague question for me to ask, but thanks for the clarity and well – and just the insight into your thought process. And then maybe just one quick follow-up, just sort of sticking with the volumes in the packaging business, I think you said sequentially on the bridge, it’s sort of a $5 million tailwind into the third quarter. And we’re sort of starting to be able to figure out what’s implied for the fourth quarter. But are we just – am I correct in assuming that your expectations on volume growth in the second half are relatively low, I mean, in this flat to up slightly kind of environment that we’re talking about for July?
Mark Sutton: Are you talking about box volumes or overall...
Cleve Rueckert: Yes. One in the packaging -- in the packaging business.
Mark Sutton: Well, I’ll ask Tom to comment on the box side and Jay Royalty is also here to talk about what we’re seeing on container board in our other channels – the open market and the export channel. So Tom, if you want to start?
Tom Hamic: Yes, I think we’re going to see through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, getting back to normal. I think this destocking is a big effect. And so we expect the demand to normalize and you’ll see a much better second half of the year, substantially better second half of the year than the first half relative to year-over-year. And I think somebody pointed out that the year-over-year comps get easier, but even with that, we see continued strengthening through the balance of the year.
Jay Royalty: This is Jay Royalty. So commenting on the open market domestic channel and the export channel, I would say that, relative to the domestic channel, it’s – both of these have been a big drag on us from a demand standpoint thus far this year. But we are seeing improvement in both of those channels. From a domestic standpoint, we did see some modest improvement in the second quarter, and based on our order books, we’re continuing to see – we’re encouraged about the improvements in the third quarter. If you think about those type of customers and their orientation, they’re less orient to food customers. And so from a destocking standpoint, I think they’ve been hit harder and as that unwinds, we’ll have the opportunity for more pickup. So we’re encouraged there. From an export standpoint, the first half of the year has been incredibly weak. As I mentioned last quarter, we started to see some stabilization in inventory levels and some improvement in order patterns, particularly related to Latin America. We saw that flow through in the second quarter, the encouraging thing is we’re seeing improvement across all three regions, Asia, EMEA and Latin America as we go into the third quarter. And if you look at our run rate based on our current order bookings out through August, we’re seeing about a 200,000 ton pickup in the run rate of the second half versus the first half. And that’s evidenced in our order pattern. So – and we’ve got room to grow from there. So I think in both cases, we’re encouraged about what we’re seeing at this time and how that can flow through for the second half.
Cleve Rueckert: That’s very clear. Thank you so much for all the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your question – next question comes to the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. I just had a question on the updated free cash flow guidance and specifically, with regards to the dividend. You’ve talked about, the commitment to maintain the dividend and targeting 40% to 50% of, I think, free cash flow over time. With the dividend payment, I think coming in above the midpoint of the free cash flow guide, just how do we think about levers that you can pull or sort of capital allocation priorities or ways that you can kind of balance that this year and going forward and how that maybe changes the approach a little bit.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, this is Mark. I’ll start on that. Just on the dividend question, it’s a very fair question. It’s one we get, if you just look at the numbers and the map, the long-term plan is 40% to 50% of free cash flow. We know that occasionally that’ll be tested and this is kind of a really odd set of cyclical dynamics that are really testing it, but we’re very confident in the medium and long-term cash flow potential, the generation potential of the company. And if the dividend is at the upper end of a range for a short period of time, we’re comfortable with that. We know we can grow back into it with future cash flows. So as Tim said in his prepared remarks, we’re committed to the dividend. That’s what that means. It’s not just a formulaic commitment for international paper. We believe in talking with our shareholders, especially the people who hold our shares for a long period of time, the dividend’s very important to them. So that’s why we’re committed to it, not just when it’s easy and it fits into a metric, but we’re committed to it in good times and we’re committed to it in stress times. And as far as the levers to pull and what happened with the guidance and what we could do that we’re not doing, I’ll ask Tim to comment a little bit on that. But just so I’m clear on how we think about the dividend. We don’t get nervous when we’re at the upper end, just like we don’t look at arbitrarily doing something when we’re on the lower end that might be also a cyclical dynamic. It’s something that we believe we can handle over time and that we’ll grow very nicely back into a more normal range. Tim, if you would add a few comments on the second part of this question about levers to pull.
Tim Nicholls: Sure. Hey, Anthony. Just a couple of points that I think are important. First of all, as we referenced the $500 million to $600 million includes the settlement payment for timber monetization, which was almost $200 million in the first quarter. And so that’s a one-time item and not to repeat. The other item is we’re going to invest more capital this year than we have since before the pandemic. And at the beginning of the year, we put out a range of 1 to 1.2 really with the – normally, we’re tighter than that, but just given supply chain delays and difficulties, we had struggled to invest as much as we wanted the past couple of years. And so anticipating that it could be that way, again, it was kind of the 1 billion and things freed up, it could be as high as 1.2. Well, things have freed up and so we tighten the range, we’re later in the year of course, but we tighten the range and the way projects are being deployed, it could push that upper limit on 1.2. So I think that’s important relative to the free cash flow. On the go forward basis, it’s back to what we were talking about earlier in terms of initiatives, a big portion of the initiatives we’re working on are cost. And so we think we’re getting traction on that and we think there’s a lot more to call back. Working capital is something we focus on pretty intently. And then capital if we need to we have – and I think we’ve demonstrated this over the years, we have an ability to flex our capital spend in moments. And certainly, that would be a consideration as well. So hopefully that helps.
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think Tim, that was exactly what I was something you would cover is that we have the levers, we can pull them if and when we want to, but I’ll just finish that point that Tim made about the investments. A lot of the investments that we’re doing now. Unlike in the past, are in our box business, in our converting operations. And so you ask why am I confident about future cash flows is because those investments we’re making today will produce a lot of those future cash flows in 2024, 2025 and 2026. And so it’s not a lot of the spending on normal maintenance and normal protection of current cash flows, a fair amount of it is about future cash flows. And that's what's different about the quality of the capital investment number that Tim cited versus maybe in the past where we were doing some things that needed to be done, but didn't have a real connection to a lot of future cash flows.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. That's very helpful color. I appreciate that. And then I guess, just a question maybe somewhat related, but in terms of the competitive landscape in containerboard and corrugated. We've obviously seen a number of capacity additions this year, which I think most of which are up and running. And I guess without speaking about any specific competitor or a company. Is it possible to talk about sort of the impact of this capacity maybe relative to your expectations? I mean, has it been more disruptive, less disruptive sort of as expected is the impact sort of already maybe absorbed in the market? Is it something that is going to be felt more in the second half? I'm just wondering if you could just generally talk how this new capacity has been absorbed in the market and how you kind of see the overall competitive landscape here?
Jay Royalty: Hey Anthony, it's Jay Royalty. Yes, it's a great question. I think from our vantage point we continue to wonder where these tons are going because we're not seeing a lot of evidence of it in – in our space, in our customer space. I'll take you back to – at the end of the day, customers – our customers buy boxes and that requires a complex set of needs and a complex offering. And so if you think about some of these new entrants, they're coming in with kind of a single singular and a limited set of offerings in terms of 1 mill limited grades that cannot fulfill all their needs. And so when we think about our relationships with our customers, we're bringing a more robust offering, multiple grades, redundancy in our supply chain and our manufacturing system to help them fulfill all of those needs and we structure our relationships accordingly. So that's what they're up against in terms of competing with a company like International Paper.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tim, good morning. I apologize in advance for the long windy question here. But I'm looking back at 2021, 2022, where there was a cumulative, I think in the Industrial Packaging business, $2.8 billion of price realized. And if I take the $24 million year-over-year in the second quarter plus the $95 million, I think that you talked about on a sequential basis, I know it doesn't work exactly this way, but on a year-over-year, we're sort of implying down $125 million-ish. Has something changed, like when I think about the 80% of the business is vertically integrated of your corrugated converted, maybe 80% of that is [indiscernible] linked. You guys have talked about commercial initiatives. Has anything changed with respect to that lag in the pass-through and maybe it's shorter or longer than it used to be? And I guess, relatedly will we be at sort of – based on what [indiscernible] have transpired at run rate negative price in Q3? And I'll take one stab at it. And if I were to summarize what you guys have said thus far, if we make an assumption about what the negative price roll through for next year might look like based on what you see in terms of maybe an improvement in volumes and improvement in operating rates and cost out, that Industrial Packaging segment EBIT to be flattish with 2023?
Tim Nicholls: So Gabe, I appreciate the preference of the long question, if you would take out some of these questions, and I gave up halfway through. Big picture, what was different about the last price changes in the market and for IP that is different from what you would consider more normal is the rate of price movement, meaning three in a 12-month period, that type of thing was different for us. Some of our commercial arrangements had been constructed anticipating more like one price increase a year, with maybe two limits on how fast you can go through. So in some cases, we were still getting price increases this year, in some customers that the last price increase was early last year and it started declining in the fall. That was atypical in terms of a set of conditions. So the flow-through and the realization schedule looked a little different for IP than it has in the past. The balance of your question about going forward, I couldn't keep up with all of it. I would ask maybe just following up with Mark and IR to try to kind of model out what you were talking about in terms of the flow-through. And I think you used the term when we go price negative, but I'm not sure I followed all of that. But that's the one critical thing to think about is the rate of increases and the type of mix we have with a portion of our customer base, which that same customer base is more resilient right now, which is one of the reasons we're performing pretty well in the market on an absolute basis is because those types of customers tend to be market leaders with that come some additional challenges on abnormal commercial times like rapid price increases and those kind of things.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you. And appreciating that it's tough to talk about it live like this; but I saw an article yesterday talking about some of the differences or vagaries of how paper businesses are performing in Russia? Again, the thing you can comment, could anything change with respect to the process there? And if things go sort of as planned, can you give us an update in terms of timing as to when the cash might come in?
Mark Sutton: It's really, really hard to give you an update on the time. As we said, we lack one approval on the competition authorities and that's a multi-point – multipart approval. We've got all of those parts. And so I think with what's been going on in Russia, that's unrelated to foreign companies exiting and all that the things happen with – with the government and the military issues, I think it's a bit of a distraction factor for getting these kinds of jobs completed. I will say though, the IP Ilim transaction is on the larger end of things that have occurred. So it gets higher levels of scrutiny and the people doing the approvals are at a higher level, and they've obviously been really busy with other things not related to this. So I wish I could give you a better timing. Our partners who are the potential buyers are working it constantly. They're working their normal contacts with the government, trying to get it to the finish line. If I gave you a prediction, it would just be an educated gas, which as we know is not – is not worth much. And Tim, if you want to add something to that?
Tim Nicholls: Just, I think Mark is right, the timing on the approval is impossible in the gauge. Once approval were to be obtained, the flow-through on closing the transaction or preceding cash is very clear.
Operator: Your final question today comes from the line of Matthew McKellar with RBC. One moment while we open your line. Go ahead, please.
Matthew McKellar: Hi. Thanks, good morning. I'd like to ask about your Global Cellulose Fibers business. So recognizing you talked about your focus on customers who value the attributes of your fluff pulp. Maybe thinking about the market more broadly, can you talk about any impact you've seen over the past few quarters from certain consumers substituting lower-cost grades? And then maybe whether you're seeing any changes in that substitution date with fluff pulp pricing coming off peak? Thanks.
Mark Sutton: Matt, that's a good question. Clay and his team are all over really understanding this whole substitution phenomenon. Clay, if you can comment on what we know about that and how [indiscernible].
Clay Ellis: Yes. Sure. Hello, Matt. This is Clay Ellis. Yes, I think it's a good question. There's always been some level of substitution in local markets and areas of China tick in the supply chain disruption in 2022 really drove more of that. I mean, these are customers in some geographies and segments. And these were customers that were very tailend of the supply chain couldn't actually get the product. And so I think that drove a higher rate of substitution. These are segments and some geographies where brands and high-quality product performance are not this critical. I think about an example that might would be like pet pads in parts of China. These are not our core customer base. And in this part of the market, we think we'll ebb and flow with substitution over time as their economics allow a little less regard to quality and product performance technical specs as the broader fluff market. So again, we think it's a – it's a very small segment of the fluff market. Clearly, it went up in the first half of the year. We saw that increase, but also nearing the end of the second quarter, as you mentioned as price has changed and spot market prices change, we also saw a lot of that come back out. So again, we think it's there. We understand it. We know where it is and how it's done. We don't think it's likely to grow very broadly. But it's not a new phenomenon, but clearly it – it increased due to the supply chain and it's been stickier due to the price differential in their economics.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Thanks very much. That's all from me. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Sutton for closing remarks.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in International Paper. We outlined some exciting initiatives that are focused on the future of the company and catalyst for some of our future earnings growth. So I look forward to updating you on our progress during our next call. Have a great day.
Operator: And once again, we'd like to thank you for your participating in today's International Paper Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Mark Sutton - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Tim Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Tom Hamic - Senior Vice President, North American Container and Chief Commercial Officer Jay Royalty - Senior Vice President, Containerboard and Recycling Clay Ellis - Senior Vice President, Global Cellulose Fibers Mark Nellessen - Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by. At this time we would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper's, First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mark Nellessen : Thank you, Leah. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's first quarter 2023 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide two, including certain legal disclaimers.  For example, during this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark, and good morning everyone. We will begin our discussion on slide three, where I will touch on our first quarter results. Let me begin the discussion by saying how proud and appreciative I am of all the hard work of our employees and for our strong customer relationships as we manage through a dynamic and challenging macro environment. Looking at our performance, International Paper delivered $65 million of year-over-year incremental earnings benefits from our Building a better IP initiatives. And our mill system continued to perform very well as we successfully executed our highest planned maintenance outage quarter of the year and continued to optimize our system while taking care of our customers. On capital allocation, we returned $319 million to shareholders during the quarter, including $157 million of share repurchases. We continue to navigate a challenging demand environment as our customers and the broader supply chain work through elevated inventories of their products. We also believe consumer priorities remain focused on services, as well as non-discretionary goods, which has been influenced by inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, and the pull forward of goods during the pandemic. Margins were also under pressure from lower prices across our portfolio, partially offset by additional benefits from lower input costs. Now, I'll turn to slide four and talk more about the current operating environment, as well as our ongoing commitments going forward. As we entered the year, we recognized there were macro-economic uncertainties ahead of us, and our businesses are not immune to these risks. These macro trends shifted in the quarter, resulting in a weaker than expected demand environment through the first part of this year. Much of this was influenced by greater inventory destocking across the whole supply chain, weaker export markets, and unfavorable weather impacts on the fresh produce segment. In addition, lower prices across our portfolio today have put additional pressure on margins relative to what we expected in our full year outlook. Although we believe most of the destocking through the retail channel has been resolved, destocking continues throughout the rest of the supply chain, especially with manufacturers and many of our customers. We believe this will run its course through the second quarter, resulting in an improved demand environment in the second half of the year. I want to reinforce that our teams at International Paper know what it takes to successfully manage through a business cycle by leveraging the wide range of options and capabilities across our large system of mills, box plants and supply chain, to really variabilize our costs while continuing to take care of our customers' needs. We demonstrated our ability to do this in prior business cycles, and our ongoing commitment is to continue operating our company the IP way. We remain focused on our key priorities of taking care of our employees, our customers, and maximizing value for our shareholders. This includes preserving our strong financial foundation and maintaining our dividend.  Before I turn it over to Tim, I also want to provide an update on Ilim. We have made good progress toward closing the sale of our Ilim investment. Buyers received an important required approval from the Russian sub-commissioned overseeing exits by foreign companies, but we are still awaiting the approval of the Russian competition Authority. We are optimistic that this final required approval will be received soon and we plan to close shortly thereafter. I will now turn it over to Tim, who will provide more details about our first quarter performance as well as our outlook. Tim. 
Tim Nicholls : Thank you, Mark. Turning to our first quarter key financials on slide five, revenue was down slightly versus prior periods while operating earnings per share came in above prior year, and better than the outlook we provided last quarter. Operating margins in the quarter were impacted by weaker demand and seasonally high-planned maintenance outages. Free cash flow for the first quarter included a use of cash totaling $193 million for the final settlement with the IRS related to our timber monetization actions; we highlighted it during our last earnings call. This settlement allowed us to further de-risk our balance sheet. Also, about 31% of our annual capital expenditures occurred in the first quarter. Moving to the first quarter's sequential earnings bridge on slide six, first quarter operating earnings per share were $0.53 as compared to $0.87 in the fourth quarter. Price and mix was lower by $0.10 per share due to the index movements across our portfolio. Lower export sales prices and unfavorable product mix at our Global Cellulose Fibers business as a result of lower absorbent pulp shipment.  Buying was flat sequentially as weaker demand and customer inventory destocking across both businesses was offset by four additional shipping days in our North American and Industrial Packaging business. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, the first quarter was also lower due to the Chinese New Year. In operations and costs, our mills ran very well. However, quarter-over-quarter was unfavorable, because the fourth quarter benefited from favorable one-time items totaling $71 million or $0.15 per share related to lower employee benefit cost, workers comp expenses, and medical claims. In addition, our Cellulose Fibers business was impacted by higher economic downtime due to the lower demand environment I mentioned earlier. Maintenance outages were higher in the first quarter as planned and we saw significant relief from input costs, which were $134 million or $0.28 per share lower in the first quarter, primarily driven by lower energy and OCC costs. Corporate and other items was impacted by FX and timing of spend, partially offset by lower tax expense. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on slide seven, pricing mix was lower due to index movements and lower export prices. This was partially offset by benefits from commercial mix initiatives focused on margin improvement. Sequentially, volume benefited from four additional shipping days. However, demand for packaging weakened in March across most channels and segments for lower consumer demand and ongoing destocking across the supply chain.  Even in this dynamic demand environment, International Paper is well-positioned due to our diverse portfolio of products and services and our strategic relationships with a large number of national and local customers across a broad range of attractive end segments.  Sequentially, Ops and costs were impacted by the non-repeat of approximately $57 million of favorable one-time items I mentioned earlier, as well as timing of spend. Overall, our mill system ran very well. The lower demand environment impacted operations and costs in the quarter, as we adjusted our system to align our production with customer demand. These actions resulted in approximately 421,000 tons of economic downtime across the system. Input costs were significantly lower and improved earnings by $105 million sequentially. Almost two-thirds of the benefit was from lower energy costs in North America and Europe, and the remainder was primarily from lower OCC and freight cost.  Overall we continue to face very elevated supply chain costs, as well as the impact from high inflation on materials and services during the past couple of years, and a lower demand environment we are running at full capacity. We believe there is a large opportunity to further optimize our system and take out high marginal costs. This remains a key lever in 2023. Turning to slide eight, we thought it'd be helpful to share some additional perspective on underlying segment trends for our corrugated packaging business. As shown on the previous slide, our U.S. box shipments were down 8.5% year-over-year in the first quarter, and down almost 12% year-over-year in the month of March. We saw a demand decline across all end-use segments on a year-over-year basis, and experienced another demand shift in March that impacted all segments except for e-commerce. Furthermore, demand declines were more pronounced in segments that generally are more discretionary in nature, as consumers had to make choices while dealing with high inflation and rising interest rates. The yellow indicators represent segments where the demand decline was less than our overall average of 8.5%, and the red indicators represent declines that were greater than the average decline. For example, processed food and protein were more resilient, down low to mid-single digits as consumers focus on essentials and value, and poultry serves as a low-cost consumer staple. Fresh produce was impacted by poor weather conditions on the West Coast and also in Florida.  On the other side of the spectrum, segments like durables and other non-durable consumer goods are more discretionary in nature. Along with shipping and distribution, these segments came under the most pressure with declines in the mid-teens. These segments also tend to be more affected by the inventory destocking efforts across the longer supply chains. E-commerce was down mid-single digits versus last year, but showed more resilience through the quarter and is still up 50% from pre-pandemic levels. Based on feedback from our customers, we believe the majority of retailer inventory destocking has been completed through the first quarter. However, manufacturers are still reducing inventories as a result of lower demand levels, improved supply chain velocity, and focus on working capital given higher interest rates.  We also believe the majority of destocking will be completed in the first half of the year, and considering our performance in April and looking at order backlogs, we expect sequentially higher volume in the second quarter. Despite these near-term headwinds, we understand the critical role corrugated packaging plays in bringing essential products to consumers and believe that IP is well-positioned to grow with our customers over the long term. Moving to Cellulose Fibers, on slide nine. Taking a look at our first quarter performance, price and mix was relatively flat sequentially. Our strategic initiative related to contract restructuring generated significant earnings improvement in the first quarter. However, this was offset by a less favorable mix due to lower fluff volumes in the quarter and a higher percentage of commodity grades, as well as the unfavorable impact from index movements. Volume was lower due to customer inventory destocking in response to improvements in the supply chain velocity from less port congestion and improved vessel reliability, and also impacted by the Chinese New Year. Feedback from our customers suggests the majority of destocking will be completed in the second quarter. With that said, we believe fluff demand will continue to grow over the long term. This is due to the essential role that absorbent personal care products play in meeting consumer needs. The lower demand environment significantly impacted operations and costs in the first quarter as we adjusted our system to align our production with our customer demand. These actions resulted in approximately 130,000 tons of economic downtime across the system, and accounted for approximately two-thirds of the ops and cost variance. Sequentially, ops and costs were also impacted by inflationary pressures, as well as the non-repeat of approximately $14 million of favorable one-time items in the fourth quarter that I mentioned earlier. Planned maintenance outages were higher by $11 million sequentially and represents one of the highest outage quarters of the year. In addition, input costs were lowered by $29 million due to lower energy and fiber costs. Turning to slide 10, our Global Cellulose Fibers business continues to make progress executing our strategy to deliver value creating returns over the business cycle. The business increased earnings by approximately $100 million in 2022 and is focused on driving incremental earnings growth this year despite operating in a more challenging macro environment. Our team successfully deployed a commercial strategy focused on building strategic relationships with key global and regional customers and aligning the most attractive regions and segments. In the fourth quarter, we finalized our fluff pulp contract negotiations, which is contributing meaningful commercial benefits this year.  Going forward, we believe there are significant opportunities to improve our cost to serve by reducing supply chain costs, which have increased significantly during the past couple of years. We expect to see these benefits will start to show up in our second quarter outlook. We are focused on creating value for our customers by delivering products that meet their stringent performance and product safety standards and deliver innovative value. In addition, we are driving structural margin improvement by ensuring we get paid for the value we provide. We believe this is reflected in the premium we earn for fluff pulp over commodity grades, which has expanded over time. We are committed to building on this momentum and expect to drive additional earnings growth going forward. Turning to slide 11, I'd like to update you on the building of better IP initiatives. We're making solid progress and delivered $65 million of year-over-year incremental earnings improvement in the first quarter. Our lean effectiveness initiative was mostly completed early in the program generating $110 million of cost savings since we began our building of better IP program. By streamlining our corporate and staff functions to realign with a more simplified portfolio, we more than offset 100% of the dis-synergies from the Printing Paper spinoff. The most significant driver of the year-over-year results was strategy acceleration, as we deliver profitable growth through commercial and investment excellence. As I mentioned earlier, we generated solid earnings growth in our Global Cellulose Fibers business on a path to deliver value creating returns. We're also focused on profitably growing our industrial packaging business by improving margins and investing for the long term. Process optimization initiative has the potential to reduce costs across areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics, and sourcing, as we leverage advanced technology and data analytics. We believe these initiatives will deliver meaningful benefits going forward as we finish implementing new capabilities across our business. Turning to slide 12, I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions. As Mark highlighted earlier, we have a very strong balance sheet which we will preserve, because we believe it is core to our capital allocation framework. Our 2022 year-end leverage was 2.1x on a Moody's basis which is below our target range of 2.5x to 2.8x. Looking ahead we have limited medium-term debt maturities, and finally even in this environment the risk mitigation strategies we've taken help ensure our pension plan remains fully funded. Turning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the first quarter we returned $319 million to shareholders, including $157 million through share repurchases, which represents 4.3 million shares or about 1.2% of shares outstanding. At the end of the quarter our total authorization was approximately $3 billion. Going forward, we're committed to returning cash through maintaining our dividend and through opportunistic share repurchases.  Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash generation. We invested $341 million in our businesses in the first quarter, which includes funding for cost-reduction projects with attractive returns and for strategic projects to build out capabilities in our box system. Going forward, we plan to make additional investments across our box system to support long-term profitable growth and we will remain disciplined and selective when assessing M&A opportunities. Turning to slide 13, and our second quarter outlook. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price in mix to decrease earnings by $110 million, mainly as a result of prior index movement in North America and lower average export prices based on declines in the first quarter. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $30 million due to normal seasonal increase and daily shipments in North America, offsetting one-less shipping day. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $35 million due to the timing of spending.  Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $10 million, second quarter should represent approximately 30% of the total planned outage cost in 2023, and through the first half of the year we will have completed about 70% of expected annual outages. The second quarter includes approximately $19 million of spend associated with the Riverdale Mill printing papers outage. This cost will be fully recovered as part of the charges to Sylvamo over the course of the year. And lastly, input costs are expected to decrease by $30 million from lower average cost for energy and freight.  Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $45 million as a result of prior index movement. The volume is expected to increase earnings by $5 million, primarily based on seasonally higher demand. Operations and costs are expected to increase earnings by $40 million due to lower supply chain costs and lower unabsorbed fixed costs from higher volume. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $33 million and lastly, input costs are expected to decrease by $15 million, mostly due to lower energy and fiber cost.  Moving to our full year outlook on slide 14, as Mark discussed earlier, as we entered the year, we recognized there were macroeconomic uncertainty ahead of us, and that our businesses are not immune to these risks. The macro trends have shifted resulting in weaker than expected demand for our products and price reductions across our portfolio through the first quarter, including prior index changes that will be implemented over the remainder of the year. As a reminder, our previous outlook represented price indexes at that time. We are now projecting fully year 2023 EBITDA for the company to be in the range of $2.3 million to $2.5 million. We continue to optimize our system by reducing high marginal cost, driving additional benefits from our building of better IP initiatives. This includes delivering continued earnings growth in our Global Cellulose Fibers business despite cycle headwinds. I would also note that our outlook includes only the impact from published price changes today. Free cash flow is expected to be $800 million to $900 million, which includes a one-time tax payment of $193 million in the first quarter related to our timber monetization settlement. In addition to free cash flow, we also expect to receive approximately $500 million of cash proceeds from the Ilim sale.  For 2023, we are targeting CapEx of $1 billion to $1.2 billion with increased investments in our U.S. box system to build additional capabilities and position us for long-term profitable growth with our customers. We will also focus on high-return cost reduction projects across our systems. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Sutton : Thanks Tim. Now I'm going to turn to slide 15. I want to reinforce my confidence in the resiliency of IP and our ability to navigate through this dynamic environment from a position of strength. As I mentioned earlier, our teams at International Paper know what it takes to successfully manage through a business cycle, by leveraging a wide range of options and capabilities across our large system of mills, box plants and supply chain, to optimize our cost while continuing to take care of our customers. Also, we are well positioned due to do our diverse portfolio of products and services, and our strategic relationships with a large number of national and local customers across a broad range of attractive end-use segments.  And finally, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility. The strong foundation that we have built makes IP well-positioned for success across a wide spectrum of economic environments and to deliver profitable growth over the long term. With that, we're going to move to Q&A and I'd like to note that I've invited our senior business leaders to join me for this portion of the call. Given the dynamic environment we're in, I thought it would be helpful for you to hear some additional perspective from these leaders. So operator, we are ready to go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi! Good morning. 
Mark Sutton : Hi Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Hey! Mark, Tim, you talked about confidence in Global Cellulose Fibers earnings growth this year. Assuming the list prices that have been published I guess as of today, what gives you confidence that we won't either see further meaningful deterioration in fluff prices or the confidence that you have the offsets, like the commercial initiative to kind of offset any further deterioration? I'm just wondering if you can give us kind of any sense there. And then, if you can kind of remind us the lag from price change in the pulp index to your contracts and earnings.
Mark Sutton : Okay, great question, Anthony. I'm going to take the first part of that, and then I'm going to ask Clay Ellis, who leads our Global Cellulose Fibers business to give you a little perspective on some of the changes we've made. I mean, the source of our confidence is we've really changed the way we go to market. And as we've explained many times, there's this contract portion which is generating significant earnings uplift in the contract large global multinational customer base. There is a portion of our business that's open market, that's traded more monthly or shorter term, less contractual, that's also absorbance. We have a specialty business that's not tracking exactly those markets.  And then the last piece, which is the most volatile, we still have exposure to market pulp, which is where a lot of the pricing issues have hit the business and will likely hit the business. So if we focus on the core, that's where our confidence is, around the absorbent, strategic customers and the profit improvement, and the changes we made really in the last 18 months that are coming to fruition. As far as the flow through and a little bit more about how we see the year happening, there's a story similar to what I described in my prepared remarks and what Tim described with destocking and where we think demand, the real demand from the end-use customer is going to go. And Clay, I'd ask you to maybe add some color to that.
Clay Ellis : Sure, Mark. Hey Anthony, good question. Just to hit the lag time that you mentioned, in around a quarter, if you think about our index pricing, just think around a quarter lag in general. And around what gives us confidence, I think Mark was hitting on it there. Our end-use demand of absorbent, hygiene products we see, our customers see, is still solid. I was in Geneva last week at an index conference where we had many of our customers talk to many of our large global and also all the way to some small regional.  And across the Board, it's the same outlook on what consumers are doing in this space. Absorbent is good and the outlook is and would think about historical levels of growth. This inventory destocking is the story. It’s what's happened. It's certainly more than we expected, a little longer and deeper. We do expect it to come mostly to an end in the second quarter, and so second half gives us confidence, returning to more normal volumes, improved mix, and then also the economic downtime that we're experiencing in the first half should largely be gone by then and we expect to be able to drive profitable growth even over last year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, switching to Industrial Packaging, you talked about confidence that destocking could run its course in the second quarter or by the end of the second quarter. I guess that's a comment on the domestic market. I'm wondering, when you think about the export channel, which I think you indicated remains weak, is it possible to think about sort of where customer inventories are there? Is there any sort of light at the end of the tunnel or regions that are maybe improving or maybe getting worse? I don't know if there's any general comments there.
Mark Sutton : Yeah, that's a great question, Anthony. You're right. Both Tim and I's prepared comments were primarily focused on the largest market we're in, which is North America. But Jay Royalty is here. Jay runs our global container board business as well as our EMEA packaging business, and I think Jay has been working very feverishly with the teams to try to understand just that. So Jay, if you want to comment a bit on Anthony's question about export markets and the non-U.S. phenomena of destocking and demand.
Jay Royalty: Sure, Mark. Hi Anthony. So yeah, I think when you look at the export channel; it's been and remains particularly weak. We've seen very low demand for the last several months due to a lot of different factors, whether it's geopolitical, high inventory levels, low consumer activity as it relates to inflation. And then also, weather for fruit and vegetable goods has been not cooperating really around the globe, the U.S., Europe, even into places like Morocco.  We are seeing inventory levels improving and we can start to see some stabilization there in terms of any signs of improvement. I think those are few and far between, maybe a little bit in Latin America, which is one of the markets we serve. But these markets will rebound at some point. Our positions across Europe, Latin America, Asia, these are with customers who really value kraft linerboard heavily oriented to fruit and vegetable segments and those are going to grow with consumer activity and consumption over time. So we feel good about the future, but certainly in this moment it's particularly weak, and that's putting pressure on both demand as well as pricing.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And our next question is from Matthew McKellar with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew McKellar: Yeah, thanks very much. I was wondering if you could add a little bit of just color in terms of what you're seeing in demand in the industrial packaging business to start Q2, maybe compared to both March and Q1 as a whole, and particularly thinking about the different customer segments and where you're seeing areas of relative strength and weakness.
Mark Sutton : That's a great question, Matthew. This is Mark. I mean, we look at demand in two components. There's the final end-use consumer. I think we term that, our marketers term that organic demand. And then there's the demand ahead of that in the manufacturers and the supply chain ahead of the consumer. Those manufacturers are really our customers.  And then when you break it down by segment, Tim had that colorful chart where he looked at the broad segments. But Tom Hamic, who leads our North American box business is here, and I'd ask him to give some insight on your question about how we see it going forward, what gives us confidence on our comments about the de-stocking piece, and then maybe some segment comments. Tom.
Tom Hamic: Sure. Thanks Mark and good morning Matthew. We exited or entered the second quarter very strong relative to March. So we've got good momentum moving from March to April. You could think about shipments being up maybe 5% to 6% and our backlogs are actually better than that. So we see that almost double-digit improvement in backlog.  So I think that indicates how we've thought about de-stocking is it's not going to go away immediately, but it is going to transition through the second quarter. Because as Mark mentioned and Tim mentioned, different segments have different levels of de-stocking that they are having to work through, and so it's not a uniform everyone has too much in the in-inventory. It depends on the segment and if it's perishable goods or something like that.  I think our confidence in understanding de-stocking is we triangulate between macro data, a lot of customer conversations about what they are seeing in the near term, as well as our experience in these segments over time and how they are growing and how we understand their supply chain to work.  And on a positive sense, all of those point us in the same direction as this plays out through the second quarter. Obviously, there's a component of that that's demand dependent. But in large part we feel good about the momentum for where the box business is headed.
Matthew McKellar: Great! Thanks, that's helpful. And then shifting over, can you give us a sense of how you're thinking about share purchases here? Should we continue to expect them to sort of trend in line with Q4 and Q1 levels or do you maybe see more limited room for repurchases given the downward revision to free cash flow look or do you even accelerate repurchases given where the shares are trading? Thanks.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Hey Matthew, it's Tim. So I would just step back from the specific on share repurchases and say I think you're familiar with our capital allocation framework, and we take that into consideration across all the uses of cash in everything that we do.  As Mark said, starting with a strong balance sheet, it gives us tremendous financial flexibility. Maintaining the dividend is a complete commitment and we target opportunistic share repurchases. So we're constantly looking at the environment, and in any moment in time we're making decisions around where is the best place to deploy cash for value creation and maximization. So nothing's going to change in terms of how we think about that framework through the cycle. All parts of the cycle, it comes into consideration.
Matthew McKellar: Okay, thanks. I'll turn it back.
Operator: And our next question is from Gabrial Hajde with Wealth Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Gabrial Hajde: Mark, Tim, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Sutton : Good morning, Gabe.
Gabrial Hajde: I wanted to revisit I think Tim's prepared remarks on slide seven. I want to make sure I heard what you wanted us to hear, which was I think you talked about facing higher supply chain costs, and in sort of the current low environment there was – I think Tim, your words were ‘further opportunity to optimize the system.’ I'm assuming that means take out, continue to take out variable costs of the system or has there been sort of a change in philosophy in thinking about your mill system or maybe the box system overall, where you can make some permanent adjustments?
A - Tim Nicholls: No, you had it right. I mean, we're talking about how we run the system we have as efficiently as possible. And when you're taking this amount of downtime, you're constantly trying to optimize on the marginal cost and get out the high marginal cost, and so it's something that we started – well, we started it years ago, but more recently we started looking at marginal cost in the second half of last year, and it continued in the first half of this year.  And just given the dramatic nature and shift in demand and the way we've responded, it's taken a little bit more time than normal, but we're starting to see how it plays through in not only in inputs and buying the highest cost inputs, but now into transportation as well. So it's a real focus on just getting out as much cost as possible.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Gabe, you know sometimes – this is Mark. Sometimes we get, and we may get it later in the call, we get a question about, would we consider changing the way we operate in lower demand environments versus the current approach to running most of our system at different levels of output instead of running part and not running part. And we evaluate that, I mean really almost on a continuous basis.  And depending on what's happening, as Tim described, the supply chain environment we're in and then the cost gradient we have at most of the mills on fiber and OCC and other inputs, there is huge savings for eliminating the high marginal cost across 17 different mills. And you can imagine if you decided to temporarily close one or two of them, then you have to add back all that marginal cost at the others, because in theory they're going to run full, and then depending on geography and logistics you end up with no net savings. So we are continuing to look at that.  We have gotten – I didn't think we could get a lot better, but our teams have gotten better at marginal cost takeout across systems running much lower than full capacity. But we don't take anything off the table in terms of figuring out the best way to operate for the quarter ahead or the two quarters ahead with the best information we have about the demand signal. But it's really an optimization of the total cost and the value in that marginal cost reduction is really powerful.
Gabrial Hajde: Thank you for that. And then I guess a little bit more short term in nature here. You talked about input costs being $30 million favorable in industrial packaging. I suspect an element of that is maybe lower natural gas. And do you have an explicit assumption for kind of OCC hovering where we are today, and I sort of ask the question, because one of your peers talked about a pretty healthy rail price increases that came into effect April 1. Curious if that's something that impacts you. And then sort of for the implied second half guidance, is there anything explicit in there that you would instruct us towards in terms of underlying assumptions for some of your bigger inputs, whether it's again virgin fiber, recycled fiber or energy?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, so hi, its Tim again. I think the headline is we're not – the second quarter is going to be better. It depends on which category of the cost that you're talking about. On natural gas, we pretty much follow the strip. There are some distribution charges and things like that that impact it, but the movement is very similar and so you can see how that plays out.  On OCC, we have a modest – we believe there could be a modest increase over time, but the whole environment is so fluid and dynamic, it's going to depend on how it plays out over this quarter and as we go into the third quarter. Chemicals for us are getting a little bit better and transportation, I don't know the reference you mentioned on the contract. These times are at different points in time and it's a mixture across all the modes of transportation that we're seeing.  But I'd say on balance, we get another benefit on input costs in the second quarter and depending on the scenario, it's kind of flattish as you go out with the second half of the year. There is this small pick-up, but again, it's going to depend on the backdrop.
Gabrial Hajde: All right, thank you for that and good luck!
Operator: And our next question is from a Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to go to the outlook and was wondering if you can kind of walk us through some of the moving parts regarding the new updated outlook versus the initial target. Anyway to kind of size how much of that reduction is driven by the corrugated packaging business versus cellulose fibers. How much is driven by the change in pricing versus maybe the weaker demand environment that we're in?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, so you're talking about the 2.8 versus the new range of 2.3 to 2.5 Kyle?
Kyle White: Yeah, that's correct. 
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. So March was, I think there’s no other way to say it. That was a surprise to us in terms of demand drop-off and the resulting economic downtime that we took to balance out our system. But when you look at it, we had further price, published price decreases. For pulp export prices came down. We had lower volume and we had more EBT, which means more cost.  And then you look at how that evolves as we go through the second quarter in the second half of the year, those things are going to be present, but we also get as I mentioned, a little bit better on input costs. We have a significant drop-off in maintenance outages, because we're really front-end loaded, front half loaded on our maintenance outages. And then there's some additional costs that come out.  So when we looked at all of it, there was some pretty significant moves in the month of March, that even though it's getting better, you know it still impacts the first part of the second quarter. 
Kyle White: Got it. And then I guess if we go back to last quarter, I think you guys talked about box shipments potentially being able to come back to being flat for 2023, and that was assumed in maybe the outlook that you had initially. Obviously destocking has been a little bit more than everyone has anticipated and provided for a weaker demand environment. Are you able to kind of help us understand what is embedded in terms of the new outlook on where you think box shipments could be for the full year now?
Tom Hamic: Sure, this is Tom Hamic again. You know our view on boxes, and we say this a lot, is that economic activity drops box demand. And so as we see the economy, we not only expect box demand to tie directly to it. There really is no near-term substitute for a box when you're thinking about delivering to a retail channel or really any channel in the U.S. So we're confident about that rebound. I would say in terms of the full year, most of the difference we have, what we thought for the full year and what we think now is happening in the first half due to this destocking. So it's really hard to forecast the full year exactly. I think it's going to depend on us being correct about the second quarter and the de-stocking playing out, because the economy is also going to be an open question. But in general, we see this improving.
Kyle White: Got it. That makes sense. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And next we go to Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub : Thank you. Obviously one of the concerns investors have had is about the new supply that's coming into the marketing container board. I particularly thought would try and take advantage of the fact that you've got some industry leaders on the call. Just getting the update on your thoughts as to how that could – where that capacity perhaps is right now? Is it already being absorbed and/or things to think about how that might play out as you see it?
Jay Royalty : Yeah Mark, this is Jay Royalty. Good to talk to you. I think that a few things to keep in mind relative to this new capacity that's coming in. First of all, the open market is relatively small as you know. Our position in that market is really made up of long-term strategic relationships and including in some cases some equity positions.  So we've got very little spot business and it's important to remember that at the end of the day people buy boxes and you all – they don't buy container board. Producers may buy some container board, but at the end of the day it's about having an integrated system which is what we have and customer needs are complex. And so you think about what customers value and what they are looking for and what IP brings to customers, you know it's about comprehensive offerings, there's a wide rate mix there, geographic reach, redundant capabilities, having the ability to search and flex with their needs, all of these things are important.  So you know it's really about more than a single mill. It's about having a system in those capabilities and that's what customers value and so when you think about our relationships, our customers are looking for those things, that's what allows us to have these long-term strong relationships and so the new entrants are going to be trying to compete with that in some form of fashion.
Mark Weintraub : Okay. That's helpful, thanks Jay. And just maybe if I could follow-up on the distinction between the shipments which I think you mentioned we're up 5%, 6% so far in April, so encouraging, and then backlogs being-up double digit. What should we make of that? What does – the backlog, is that a lead indicator for where shipments likely would go to and recognizing we've had some very, very difficult demand environment, so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but could this mean that we're actually closer to being through on the destock and – but why that’s sort of the conservativeness, again what we've gone through. Good reason enough right there. But just trying to get a little bit more color and thoughts on the shipments and the backlog data you were talking about for April to date.
Tom Hamic : Sure Mark. This is Tom again. Just for some clarity that you had it right, the shipment common I had was about 6% and that's sequential from March and obviously as Tim talked about earlier, March was weaker than the second quarter, but it's still as strong sign of momentum. Backlogs tend to be more volatile, because as the market gets better you get more and more orders because customers see that lean times in all of that. So it's a good indicator more of the future than it is in the moment, but I think you combine the shipment outlook we have with the backlogs improving, it points you to where probably for any close on the second quarter play out that Mark and Tim talked about, because if we're not seeing it in this month you probably have a bit of a delay. So it feels like to me it all fits together and that's what we're hearing from customers.
Mark Weintraub : One real quick follow-up then. Have you seen in the last say six months when we've been in this really difficult demand environment, have you seen where the shipments and backlogs went up and then they just roll back over again or is this the first time you’ve really seen this? 
Tom Hamic : I think this is the first time we've seen a significant shift from what you would think about seasonally. You certainly can have a segment that changes and it might affect if it's big enough, it might affect your total mix. But I would say we have – thinking about it, don’t have the numbers in front of me. I don't think we've had a falser start.
Mark Weintraub : Okay, super. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next we go to the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi everybody. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Jay and Tom, good to hear your voices, hope you’re doing well. I had some technical difficulties getting on the call and you may have mentioned this. But the last call in our Q&A you had suggested that fluff GCF could see roughly a couple hundred million dollar improvement in profitability. Is there an update to that?  And then kind of the granularity, if I look at the waterfall and your outlook, and I look at what maintenance is going to look like sequentially the next couple quarters in GCF, I don't get much of an improvement in earnings this year. And so just thinking about what is the – embedded in your guidance for GCF, where should we see earnings move? And as we sit here today realizing destocking has been a big factor and hopefully the revision of that will allow earnings to improve. Talk about why you still see this as a real good business to have for IP to be in for its shareholders Mark structurally, and I had a question on container board.
Mark Sutton : Okay George, thanks. Great question. Let me just hit the headline and then I’ll ask Clay to comment on what's embedded in our outlook. And really ask him to remind and separate the absorbent and specialty core part of the business and then the rest of the business, which tends to be more volatile and commodity. The $200 million had certain assumptions aligned with it. Some of those assumptions have changed. We still see line of sites somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million plus improvement in the business and so there's still going to be earnings improvement in business and we just have to adjust what the timing of those improvements are given the change in some of the pricing assumptions and the we were operating.  So Clay, you might want to talk a little bit about the puts and takes that make up that full year outlook.
Clay Ellis : Yes, thanks Mark. Hey George. So you mentioned you may have missed some of the early flow, but just to re-kind of try to minute on what we see causing the issue in the first half is almost all destocking. We do have a lot of confidence in the end use consumer demand of absorbent hygiene products and we see that future being lot like historical and growth.  And so, while we're confident about it or excited about it, this is a very, in the moment kind of current issue, really an unprecedented issue with the inventory flow through. We believe we'll come out of that have a stronger second half and you made mention of the $200 million from the last called, those changes have been made and they're flowing through in the pricing, so that's there. But, with the low volume that we've had, the low customer order rate taking the EDT that we're taking, and the price moves, it has eroded about $150 million of the $200 million as we see, as those prices flow through the year. So to Mark’s point, the $50 million still accretive to last year earnings is what we see on top of $100 hundred million in ‘22 versus ‘21.  So we're confident as we get that the consumer demand is there, we get through this issue, we'll get our volumes more normalized, our mixed more normalized, get away from the EDT cost that Tim had mentioned, and we feel confident, we feel strong about it moving forward.
Mark Sutton : George, I’ll just wrap the question you asked, the last part about why we still believe it's a good business and a good thing for IP shareholders. I mean when you look at the business that we're in now, corrugated packaging, Cellulose Fibers for absorbent products, we've got two natural resource based businesses, both facing growing end-used markets. Both directly in our wheelhouse from a manufacturing and process standpoint, and when you then layer out – forget about the product and look at the customer and the supply chain. You layer out the types of customers and what they value. Solutions, technical design, the same kinds of things they value in the box business they value in the Cellulose Fibers business.  It's a more global customer base in Cellulose Fibers than it is in our box business, but we believe that starting with that softwood fiber renewable, a very, very good well positioned manufacturing base, turning that into products that are facing growing markets, is giving IP a higher quality of value creation, single product line type of company and we believe that that's valuable in the long term.  And we don't think about just single moments like one year or a couple of quarters. We look at this down the road over the next decade, where things head, where the types of products that both businesses are making are headed and we think that's exciting for investors as they sort out where sustainable natural resource type companies did in their portfolios.
George Staphos : Thanks Mark. On packaging, recognizing ultimately customer spec boxes, the box spec then dictates the substrate in the sheet of paper you're going to run on the corrugator to make the box and everything else that follows. Given that we've seen the cost curve shift a bit towards recycled versus virgin in terms of whose low on the cost curve right now, and also given the shifts that or occurring in the end markets, we’re realizing this is really kind of a one quarter issue, not a structural issue, nonetheless we're seeing weakness and durable good weakness and AG. Is there anything we should take away about what your mix might look like in industrial over the next two, three quarters or more structurally or do you think relative to the mill fleet, relative what you're doing on converting, do you think your mix of business will be as rich if not richer over time than what we've seen in the last couple of years. Thanks and good luck in the year.
Tom Hamic : Yeah, sure George. This is Tom.
George Staphos : Hey Tom.
Tom Hamic : You talked about – Hey, how are you? You talked a little bit about the different substrates and I think as a customer of the container board system, that's a huge advantage for us, because we've got this huge base of manufacturing different products, different grades. And so since we have direct access to those, we can design the box and the box plant mix directly around that. In terms of the destocking and how we feel about these different segments, I think we're going to see different levels of destocking by segment like we talked about. But I think we should expect a normalization of demand, because the U.S. economy is going to recover. That may take a little longer given the economic conditions, but certainly it's coming.  And then maybe a little bit of a specific piece to your question is, one of the biggest improvements we've seen coming into April is [inaudible]. So that has been a really tough business because of weather over the last couple of years and we're starting to see that pop back up, which I think is a very good sign.
Mark Sutton : George, I'll just end Tom's comments with the long-term question you asked about, do we see our mix as a richer mix for the whole value chain, the packaging paper, the container board we make and the types, and then the ultimate box and packaging solution we provide. And our strategy is pointed toward a richer mix over time and our mill system will evolve in the type of products we make. Where we make them, we've got a heavy concentration in the Southeastern part of the U.S., but we've got a market that covers the entire of North America really. And so you'll probably see in the future slightly different locations over time, and probably definitely higher quality recycling being feathered into our mix. And I’ll point to our most recent container board investment is a game changing level of quality white top liner that brings us into a whole new set of segments, where we were purchasing some of that paper before, it was good paper, and we were making some ourselves, which was second tier, and now we have some of the best clinical white liner. And so you'll only see investments that incrementally improve us on quality and product capability, which again to Jay’s point only matters if you turn it into a box that people want and are willing to pay for. So that's the focus we see the business getting better over time, with a richer mix and a good end-to-end from natural resource to finish product value chain that we can be the best at every part of that for our customers.
George Staphos : Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from a line of Phil Ng with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey guys, thanks for fitting me in. Despite a pretty challenging backdrop Tim, the free cash flow is still showing to be pretty resilient here and you should be getting I believe $500 million cash proceeds from Ilim. What's the game plan in deploying that excess cash hopefully coming very soon?
Tim Nicholls : Hey Phil, it’s Tim. It's like we always do. We have our capital allocation framework and we look at where we are in the moment and then make decisions on how to best deploy cash for values. So it'll be the same type of construct as free cash flow comes in and incremental cash for mill.
Phil Ng: Got you. Okay, that's helpful. And from a pulp side of things, market pulp prices certainly seeing some pressure. Curious in your confidence and maintain that large premium versus fluff. And supply chain logistics certainly was very choked up last year. So being mindful of how hard it was to kind of see through the destocking container board, your level of confidence that the destock will be done in 2Q? And I'm just curious, how you started seeing any lift in China starting to reopen here?
Mark Sutton : So Phil, let me quarterback here. Clay is going to take a question on the premium and the work we've done to change our go-to-market in fluff and our confidence in maintaining that and then I'll ask Jay to comment on the container board. Actually the question of supply chain that really covers both businesses may be even more Cellulose Fibers in terms of getting things through the port and the velocity has improved. That doesn't get better visibility. But you asked specifically about container board in China. Jay will take that one. So Clay, if you would answer the question about [Cross Talk].
Phil Ng: Mark, my question on the supply chain was really more on fluff. I just made the point on container board, because it was pretty hard to see through that. Just your confidence just kind of see through just what’s out there.
Mark Sutton : Okay. I’m sorry, Phil. Sorry Phil, I misunderstood your question. So Clay will take both of them.
Clay Ellis : So, hey Phil. This is Clay Ellis. It's good to talk to you. Your first point on market pulp, yeah pricing on market pulp, paper grade pulps, they were down in the first quarter, somewhat resilient in Q1 and then in April we've seen a huge decline and you can see that in the publications through the month of April. And so over time you can see the fluff pricing being resilient, keeping a pretty good high premium over market pulp, we expect that to continue. I think when you look at the whole ecosystem of the fibers and the pulp, clearly going down through the first quarter, and then paper grade as we said on through April. Fluff isn't immune to that. Of course fluff prices have moved down some as well, but I think that fluff prices will continue to be less volatile. They'll continue to maintain a premium, but to be realistic in the whole ecosphere of the fibers, when they go down, there's a gravity on fluff too.  So, it's why it's more important for us to be higher integrated into fluff, to have the capacity to grow with our customers, future growth in that space and remove or mitigate some of our susceptibility to the more paper grader to the market commodity pulps.
Phil Ng: And then your confidence is working through the supply chain and seeing through the destock?
Clay Ellis : Yes, very good confidence. Again, I mentioned on the call earlier last week with a lot of customers the Geneva Conference. Even our customers did not see the level of stocks, and when I talk about stocks, it's not just fluff. It's further through the entire absorbent hygiene supply chain. So all the way from retailers, converters, hour customers, and then all the way back into the raw materials like fluff.  It was higher, more than anyone saw. But – so we see our customers are there seeing the retailers order more, getting more normal. So they are seeing that slack has come out of the road. We're seeing our inventories of fluff getting really down to historically lower than historical. So we see also part of this I think has been lowering the inventories across the supply chain, the targets from where they were in the past. So I think that's caused even prolonging this a bit more. But everybody sees more of the slack out of the system now and they see it coming out and everyone's seeing their orders, no matter where they are in the supply chain, begin to pick up and moving into the second half.
Phil Ng: And has that China reopening dynamic given you a little more confidence or it hasn’t really had much of an impact quite yet.
Clay Ellis : Yes, it gives us more confidence that one, it's not a consumer demand issue. That it is destocking and that we can see the end. So yes, that gives us confidence.
Phil Ng: Okay, thanks a lot. Great color. 
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Sutton, Chairman and CEO for closing comments.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Leah, and I'd like to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in International Paper. I look forward to updating our progress as the year unfolds. And again, I would just like to thank our employees for the hard work through these challenging times, which really you can argue started a couple of years ago. They continue to show up every day, taking care of our customers, running safe and efficient plants, and selling and delivering products to our customers and I couldn't be prouder and happier to be leading this great team of people of International Paper.  So, thanks again for your interest in our company and have a great day!
Operator: And once again, we'd like to thank you for your participating in today's International Paper’s first quarter 2023 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Paul. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. And a reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on Slide 3, where I will touch on our full year 2022 results. First of all, as I think about 2022, I'm very proud and appreciative of all the hard work our employees have done during the year. And for our strong customer relationships as we've managed through a very dynamic and uncertain market environment.  Looking at our performance. International Paper grew revenue and earnings driven by solid commercial and operational execution, while facing significant inflation and lower demand in the second half of the year. We also made solid progress in building a better IP. We delivered $250 million of earnings benefits from our initiatives, focused on lowering our cost structure and accelerating profitable growth. And as a result, we exceeded our full-year target and have strong momentum going forward. We're also confident in the profitable growth opportunities across our Industrial Packaging business and have made strategic investments to support this growth. We will continue to invest to grow earnings and cash generation by building additional capabilities and capacity in our U.S. box system during the next few years. I'm also pleased with the significant progress we made towards achieving value creating returns in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. We delivered $100 million of earnings growth in 2022 and we expect significant earnings improvement this year. This past year, we also returned $1.9 billion of cash to shareowners and our balance sheet is very strong. This allows International Paper to navigate the uncertain macroeconomic environment from a position of strength. And we believe it will give us opportunity to continue to invest through the cycle to grow earnings and cash generation while also returning cash to our shareowners by maintaining our dividend and through opportunistic share repurchases. Turning to our full year key financials on Slide 4. Revenue increased by 9% year-over-year, driven by strong price realization in our 2 business segments. Operating earnings per share improved by 32%. Operating margins were impacted by lower volumes from weaker demand for packaging and elevated supply chain and input costs. Overall, EBIT improved by about $300 million year-over-year. In terms of segment performance, both our Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers segment contributed to our earnings growth by about $100 million each as our profit improvement initiatives and price realization offset significant inflationary cost headwinds. Our corporate expenses were also lowered by about $100 million, primarily driven by our building of better IP initiatives and some favorable FX. And for the year, we also generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow which was above our prior outlook, driven by higher earnings and improved working capital in the fourth quarter.  Turning to Slide 5. I would like to comment on the press release we issued last week regarding the progress we are making related to our Ilim joint venture. We have entered into an agreement to sell our 50% interest in Ilim SA to our JV partners for $484 million. This transaction reflects a total enterprise value for Ilim of approximately $3.5 billion and approximately 3.1x EBITDA and the EBITDA multiple for 2022 full year results. The JV partners have also expressed interest in purchasing all of IP shares in JSC Ilim Group which represents a 2.39% stake for $24 million. We also intend to divest all other residual and nonmaterial interest associated with Ilim to our JV partners. The deal is subject to regulatory approvals in Russia. We are making good progress and will provide you with additional information when it becomes available. Upon finalizing this deal, IP will no longer have any investments in Russia.  Turning now to Slide 6 and our fourth quarter results. Earnings and free cash flow for the quarter were above prior periods and came in better than the outlook we provided last quarter. Demand for our products played out as we expected. In Industrial Packaging, our U.S. box shipments were down about 6% year-over-year on a daily basis, similar to what we experienced in the latter part of the third quarter, after consumer priorities shifted towards nondiscretionary goods and services. In addition, our customers and the broader retail channel continue to work through elevated inventories of their products which constrained packaging demand in the quarter. Underlying demand for absorbent pulp was stable. On a positive note, we did see meaningful relief from lower input costs and our fourth quarter earnings also benefited from our building a better IP initiatives and some favorable onetime items in the quarter which Tim will speak to later in the presentation. And finally, we generated solid free cash flow and returned $355 million to shareholders during the quarter.  I will now turn the call over to Tim to cover our business segment performance as well as our outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Great. Thank you, Mark and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 7 which shows our year-over-year earnings bridge. Price and mix improved significantly with strong price realization across all channels and benefits from our commercial initiatives. Volume was lower in 2022 as consumers shifted priorities towards nondiscretionary goods and services while dealing with high inflation following a period of demand pull forward during the pandemic. Operating costs were negatively impacted by high inflation on materials and services and significantly higher supply chain cost across all of our businesses as well as lower volumes in our Industrial Packaging business. This was partially offset by improved mill performance and reliability. Maintenance outages increased as planned, impacted by high inflation on equipment, parts and contracted services. Input costs rose sharply across just about every category with more than half of the increase directly related to higher energy and fuel costs. Total corporate expenses and other items decreased by $0.33 per share as follows.  Corporate expenses declined by $0.19 per share and benefited from our building a better IP initiatives as well as some FX. Interest expense was lower by $0.14 per share, benefiting from significant debt reduction in the prior year. Tax expense was $0.20 higher per share with a normalized effective tax rate of 24% as compared to 19% in 2021. Lastly, share repurchases impact earnings by $0.20 per share year-over-year. Moving to the fourth quarter sequential earnings bridge on Slide 8. Fourth quarter operating earnings per share were $0.87 as compared to $0.83 in the third quarter. Price and mix improved by $0.06 per share from better mix in our Industrial Packaging business and additional price realization in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Volume was lower in Industrial Packaging as a result of softer demand across all channels. And Global Cellulose Fibers demand was stable. However, volume was lower sequentially due to higher pull-through of shipments in the third quarter as supply chain velocity began to improve. Operations and costs were impacted by the lower volume resulting in higher economic downtime and unabsorbed fixed costs as well as seasonality.  Some of the downtime in our Global Cellulose Fibers business was caused by winter storm Elliott and also some isolated reliability issues. Ops and costs also benefited from favorable onetime items in the quarter related to lower employee benefit costs, workers' compensation expenses and medical claims. These favorable onetime items added about $71 million or $0.15 per share which is not expected to repeat in the first quarter. Maintenance outages were higher in the fourth quarter as planned. As Mark mentioned earlier, we saw a significant relief from input costs which were $144 million or $0.31 per share lower in the fourth quarter, driven by lower energy and OCC costs. Corporate and other items includes benefits from lower interest expense, favorable FX and other corporate items, partially offset by sequentially higher tax expense. Turning to the segments and I'll start with Industrial Packaging on Slide 9. Price and mix improved in the quarter, primarily from commercial mix initiatives focused on margin improvement. The recent publication changes did not have a material impact on the fourth quarter. As Mark mentioned earlier, demand for packaging was in line with our expectations. Fourth quarter volumes remained at lower levels due to constrained consumer demand and ongoing retailer inventory destocking. Sequentially, volume was also impacted by 4 fewer shipping days. However, in this dynamic demand environment, International Paper is well positioned due to our diverse portfolio of products and services and our strategic relationships with a large number of national and local customers across a broad range of attractive end-use segments. Overall, our mill system ran well and we managed through winter storm Elliott very effectively. The lower demand environment impacted operations and costs in the quarter as we adjusted our system to align our production with our customer demand. These actions resulted in approximately 530,000 tons of economic downtime across the system, resulting in higher unabsorbed fixed costs. Ops and costs were also seasonally higher. However, this segment benefited from approximately $57 million of favorable onetime items, I mentioned earlier. Input costs were significantly lower and improved earnings by $139 million sequentially. About half of the benefit was from lower energy costs in North America and Europe and the remainder was primarily from lower OCC costs. Overall, we continue to face elevated supply chain costs as well as the impact from high inflation on materials and services during the past couple of years. In a lower demand environment, when we aren't running at full capacity, we believe there is a large opportunity to further optimize our system and take out high marginal costs. This remains a key lever in 2023. Turning to Cellulose Fibers on Slide 10. Taking a look at the fourth quarter performance. Price and mix improved by $17 million due to the previously announced price increases. Volume was sequentially -- was lower sequentially due to higher pull-through of shipments in the third quarter as supply chain velocity began to improve. Operations and costs were negatively impacted by disruptions from winter storm Elliott and some reliability incidents at 2 of our mills. These were partially offset by approximately $14 million of favorable onetime items I mentioned earlier. Planned maintenance outages were higher by $39 million sequentially, coming off of the third quarter which represented the lowest outage quarter of the year. In addition, input costs were lower by $5 million. As we look forward, feedback from our customers indicate they are seeing in-transit inventory pull through at a faster pace due to improvements in supply chain velocity from last port congestion and improved vessel reliability. Combined with seasonal demand decline related to the Chinese New Year, we expect some customer inventory destocking to impact demand through the first quarter. With that said, fluff pulp inventories remain below historical levels and we believe fluff demand will continue to grow. This is due to the essential role that absorbent personal care products play in meeting consumer needs. Turning to Slide 11. Our Global Cellulose Fibers business continues to make significant progress, growing earnings and executing on our strategy to deliver value-creating returns over the business cycle. The business increased earnings by approximately $100 million in 2022 and was near cost of capital returns in the second half of the year despite significant supply chain cost headwinds. Our team successfully deployed a commercial strategy focused on building strategic relationships with key global and regional customers and aligning with most attractive regions and segments. We are focused on creating value for our customers by delivering products that meet their stringent product safety standards and deliver an innovative value. In addition, we are driving structural margin improvement by ensuring we get paid for the value we provide.  In the fourth quarter, we made solid progress in our fluff pulp contract negotiations which will provide additional commercial benefits going forward. We are committed to building on this momentum and expect to deliver significant earnings growth in 2023.  On Slide 12, I'd like to update you on building a better IP set of initiatives. We're making solid progress and delivered $75 million of earnings in the fourth quarter for a total of $250 million in 2022 which exceeded our target for the year. About half of the benefits today are from our lean effectiveness initiative by rapidly streamlining our corporate and staff functions to realign with our more simplified portfolio, we have offset 100% of the dissynergies from the printing paper spin-off. Although most of these benefits have been achieved, we will continue to pursue additional opportunities.  Another significant driver of full year results was strategy acceleration as we delivered profitable growth through commercial and investment excellence. Going forward, we continue to focus on getting our Global Cellulose Fibers business to deliver value-creating returns, we are also focused on profitably growing our Industrial Packaging business by improving margins and investing for organic growth. Finally, the process optimization initiative has the potential to reduce costs across areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics and sourcing as we leverage advanced technology and data analytics. We believe these initiatives will deliver benefits going forward as we finish implementing new capabilities across our business.  Turning to Slide 13. I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions. As Mark mentioned earlier, we have a very strong balance sheet which we will preserve because we believe it is core to our capital allocation framework. Our 2022 year-end leverage was 2.1x on a Moody's basis which is below our target range of 2.5 to 2.8x.  Looking ahead, we have limited medium-term debt maturities with about $1.6 billion due during the next 10 years. And finally, even in this environment, our pension plan remains fully funded. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework.  In the fourth quarter, we returned $355 million to shareowners, including $191 million through share repurchases which represents 5.4 million shares or about 1.5% of shares outstanding. As a result, we've returned approximately $1.9 million of cash to shareowners in 2022. In October, our Board of Directors authorized an additional $1.5 billion of share repurchases. At year-end, our total authorization was approximately $3.2 billion. Going forward, we are committed to returning cash through maintaining our dividend and through opportunistic share repurchases. Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash. We invested $931 million in our businesses in 2022 which includes funding for cost reduction projects with attractive returns and for strategic projects build out capabilities and capacity in our box system. As an example of this, the successful start-up of our new corrugated box plant in Eastern Pennsylvania which has an expected return on investment of 20%. And going forward, we plan to make additional investments across our box system to support long-term profitable growth. We will continue to be disciplined and selective when assessing M&A opportunities that may supplement our goal of accelerating profitable growth. You can expect M&A to focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities in our packaging businesses in North America and Europe. Any potential opportunity we pursue must create compelling long-term value for our shareholders. So turning to Slide 14, we'll look at our first quarter outlook. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to decrease earnings by $65 million as a result of prior index movement in North America and lower average export prices based on declines in the fourth quarter. Volume is expected to increase earnings by $20 million due to 4 more days sequentially in North America, partially offset by the normal seasonal decline in daily shipments in North America.  Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $65 million due to the non-repeat of favorable onetime items in the fourth quarter. In addition, we expect seasonally higher energy consumption and some additional inflation on materials and services. Ops and costs will also benefit from lower unabsorbed fixed costs due to higher volumes and more planned maintenance outages. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $91 million. The first quarter will be our highest outage quarter this year representing approximately 40% of planned outage costs in 2023. And lastly, input costs are expected to decrease by $70 million from lower average cost for energy, fuel and fiber.  Switching to Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to improve by million on the realization of prior increases. Volume is expected to decrease earnings by $15 million based on seasonally lower demand and customer inventory destocking and response to increased supply chain velocity. Operations and costs are expected to decrease by $30 million due to the non-repeat of favorable onetime items in the fourth quarter. In addition, ops and costs will be impacted by higher unabsorbed fixed costs due to lower volumes as well as seasonally higher energy consumption and some additional inflation on materials and services. Maintenance strategy expense is expected to increase by $13 million which is largely associated with the Georgetown mill printing paper out. This cost will be fully recovered as part of the transfer price to Sylvamo over the course of the year. Again, the first quarter will be our highest maintenance outage quarter this year, representing almost 40% of total planned outages in 2023. Lastly, input costs are expected to decrease by $15 million, mostly due to lower energy and fiber.  Moving to our full year outlook on Slide 15. We are projecting full year 2023 EBITDA for the company of approximately $2.8 billion. As I mentioned earlier in this presentation, we believe we have significant opportunities to reduce high marginal costs across our system and capture more benefits from our building a better IP set of initiatives. This includes meaningful earnings growth in our Global Cellulose Fibers business as a result of our commercial strategy execution, I would also note that our outlook includes only the impact from previously published price changes. Free cash flow is expected to be between $900 million and $1.1 billion which includes a onetime tax payment of $190 million related to our timber monetization settlement. In addition to free cash flow, we expect to receive approximately $500 million of cash proceeds from the Ilim sale. Regarding this transaction, for reporting purposes, the Ilim JV has been classified as discontinued operations. And in the fourth quarter, we took an impairment charge which was treated as a noncash special item. For 2023, we are targeting capital spending of between $1 billion and $1.2 billion with increased investments in our U.S. box system to build additional capabilities and support profitable growth with our customers. We will also focus on high-cost cost reduction projects across our system. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll turn to Slide 16. I want to reinforce my confidence in the resiliency of International Paper and our ability to navigate through this dynamic environment from a position of strength. As Tim mentioned earlier, we're well positioned due to our diverse portfolio of products and services and our strategic relationships with a large number of national and local customers across a broad range of attractive end-use segments. Also, our teams at IP know what it takes to successfully manage through a business cycle by leveraging options and capabilities across our large system of mills, plants and supply chain to optimize cost while continuing to take care of our customers. In addition, our building a better IP initiative initiatives are focused on continuing to invest in projects to drive structural cost reduction through efficiency improvements and accelerating profitable growth. We exceeded our target in 2022 and we have solid momentum as we enter 2023. And finally, as I mentioned earlier, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility. This strong foundation makes IP well positioned for success across a spectrum of economic environment and to deliver profitable growth over the long term. And turning to Slide 17. As we look to 2023 and all of the dynamic conditions at hand, I draw confidence from an incredible milestone that reflects the resiliency of our company. To be precise, today marks our company's 125-year anniversary. On this date, in 1898, 17 pulp and paper mills in the northeastern part of the United States joined to form International Paper Company.  I think our founders would be amazed at how our enterprise has evolved through the years, including the incredible products we make and the expansive list of customers we serve. I would also appreciate our long-standing commitment to the pursuit of excellence in safety and environmental stewardship. While the world has changed, our commitment to providing essential products, people depend on every day and the talent and dedication of our team has not changed as we embark on our next 125 years. Our principles and resilience will continue to serve us well. I'm excited about how we are reengaging our company. We haven't performed to our full potential but that's behind us. We are committed to take our performance to a higher level. We recently made talent and leadership adjustments to match the right skills to the right opportunities we have in front of us. It's the right team to execute our strategy. We continue to make a lot of traction on our build to better IP focus areas.  The things we're going after will set us apart and will drive our results. In essence, we are proud and well positioned to build on our 125-year legacy in the days, months and years ahead. I'm confident you'll like what you see. With that, operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Wells Fargo Securities in the line of Gabe Hajde.
Gabe Hajde: I had one specific one on, I guess, energy use. And when I look at kind of the sequential math and what you guys kind of beat by in the quarter, I'd say at least in the corrugated or Industrial Packaging segment, half was from these one-timers and maybe half was from lower natural gas. Has anything changed kind of with your -- so I guess, first question is, can you confirm that? And second, has anything changed with IP's perspective on mediating risk kind of across the organization given geopolitical tensions and potential impact on commodity inputs?
Mark Sutton: I think you sound like you got it about right on the split between the one times which usually get corrected in the last quarter. But through a lot of efforts, especially on things like the medical cost and all of that. On the question about energy and geopolitical, I mean, part of the reason we have lower energy cost is our energy usage can be optimized actually when we're running less than full capacity because a higher percentage of our energy is our own make energy. And so we can actually just stop consuming purchased -- as much purchased energy whether that's raw natural gas to power the auxiliary boilers or whether it's the electricity we buy that we don't make ourselves.  Our view on geopolitical is no better or worse than anyone else's. As we look out ahead, part of it is what's happening with weather and what's happening in Europe in terms of demand for some of the fuel, natural gas being the main one. We feel like it's a more stable environment going forward. But what we've been able to do is really manage and optimize our consumption. And as you know, Gabe, in the integrated mills, at the right output level, we are generating from wood biomass fuel most of our own steam to generate most of our own electricity. Not that we don't want better demand but when it is lower, we can optimize our energy profile which is what we're doing.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then, I mean, if I take Tim's commentary, I think, directionally, maybe implied EBITDA for the first quarter is somewhere in that $540 range which obviously suggests a pretty significant ramp to get to your full year outlook. I wanted to know if you'd be willing to parse out, I think the term used was significant improvement in Global Cellulose Fibers, if you maybe put a finer point on what's implied there.  And then I appreciate, again, some of the maintenance costs are somewhat front-end loaded but -- so we've got visibility there. But then it sounds like a lot of this improvement in the back half maybe or as the year progresses is based on your ability to run more efficiently and take these costs out that seemingly kind of crept into the system and to use your words, Mark and you guys were kind of not pleased with the performance necessarily. So just maybe the building blocks of how you think about maybe magnitude of getting to that full year number?
Tim Nicholls: Gabe, it's Tim. And I think you actually summarized it quite well. We are front-end loaded in the first quarter on maintenance outages, so we get a step down. If you look at it on average across the quarters 2 through 4. But really, the benefits to GCF come through, the contract negotiations that were closed in the fourth quarter. And so we're going to see a step-up in profitability based on those. And then given build a better IP and what we expect to achieve this year and just flowing back some of these marginal costs. I mean the past 2 years have been -- the costs have been going up almost relentlessly across every category. Supply chain cost has proven to be a little bit stickier. But we think both from a rate and fuel standpoint, there could be an opportunity. But the real opportunity for us is just on the operations side, just getting back to more of a normalized mode mix type of scheduling of transportation and taking out the premium freight and higher marginal supply chain and logistics costs to move product to customers.
Operator: Next we go to Bank of America in the line of George Staphos.
George Staphos: Congratulations on the quarter. Much better than we were looking for. One thing first point of clarification for Cellulose Fibers, did you say price and mix in the quarter would be a plus 5-0 or plus 1-5? I couldn't quite tell.
Tim Nicholls: Sorry about that, plus 1-5.
George Staphos: Okay. So I wanted to piggyback on Gabe's questioning on GCF. Again, to the extent that you can provide a bit more color, what else do you have embedded in the discussion on a significant improvement? I take from your comments that you're assuming current levels of pricing, you're not really making a forecast, at least internally on the direction of pricing? Or are you? Anything that you could provide us there? Anything that you could provide us with the current snapshot, right, in terms of cost and operations, what you might see in terms of a profit delta, '23 versus '22?
Tim Nicholls: I'm sorry, I missed the last part of that, George. I mean I think it's no different than what I was just talking about with Gabe. We got big structural changes in the contract negotiations in GCF in the fourth quarter. So that hits now. That starts as we go through first and second quarter. And then just in terms of most of the initiatives their internal self-help, whether they're structural through a build a-better IP or they're just getting back to more normalized levels of operation across a number of categories including supply chain, usage in the mills on inputs and the like. So we're not immune from the macro environment but there's a lot that we think we have in front of us that we can work on, especially as it relates to the marginal cost that were incurred in a more run full type of environment.
George Staphos: Would it be fair to say, Tim, if I just very simplistically annualize what you're seeing in industrial packaging on price mix as kind of a headwind you need to manage against that GCF to basically close the gap as maybe a couple of hundred million dollars or better profit-wise in '23 versus '22? Ex any changes in pricing in the market?
Tim Nicholls: Order of magnitude, yes, it's close...
Mark Sutton: George, this is Mark. I think that's a good way to think about it, although they're not the same market be the numbers work out. There one way to just verbalize what you should be thinking about with Cellulose Fibers, a lot of commercial changes on all types of accounts and customers and regions of the world occurred through 2022. And those benefits now are largely locked in, in our commercial agreements for the full year 2023, coupled with improving our cost position. So that's where the expansion comes from, commercial is the driver, layered on top of a much more sane higher-velocity supply chain and lower cost structure. And that gets you the significant earnings improvement.
George Staphos: Make sense. Two last ones and I'll turn it over. One related to the GCF and then one to the industrial packaging business. So for GCF, Tim and Mark, you mentioned that inventories are low. You believe at your customers' levels, I thought you said but also that there is a potential for destocking in the first quarter. So can you help us reconcile those 2 points? And then in industrial, as you're bringing on the Pennsylvania box plant and as you have been targeting potential other converting investments. What are the implications? And how are you managing against the -- what the implication for the rest of your box business? And how do you keep retention at high levels as you perhaps adjust your converting footprint in any given region, including in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
Tim Nicholls: George. Yes, on the inventory side, it's a combination of 2 things. So we believe inventories are historically low. They've been that way for the past couple of years. But you've got a little bit of a phenomena going on with the accelerated velocity in supply chain through the third quarter that people were able to recover a little bit but still not get back to what would be historical levels of inventory. So they've got a little bit more to work with but they're low on a historical basis and then we believe once you get through Chinese New Year, buying picks up again. So on GCF, the labor issue, yes, that's been a battle through '22 but the business is deploying a lot of strategies there.
Mark Sutton: George, the way to think about the example of the Pennsylvania box plant coming on and then with obviously a softer demand environment. I'll take you back to the last maybe 3 quarterly calls where I commented on our running to meet demand required structural over time in a lot of our plants. And so in that particular part of the country, we are -- we don't have enough capacity even with our employees working a fair amount of overtime. So this plant is going to help us not only gain business, we've had to turn away in some places but stabilize the entire region of plants around it by getting onto a more sustainable operating schedule for our employees.  So customer retention because we're stretched on our capacity. And it's not an average statement. It's in different parts of the country. This is one of them. This will actually have benefits from the incremental volume of the plant and secondary benefits by stabilizing the nearby operations into a more sustainable schedule. So I think we feel really good. It's a total net add and an improvement in our operating cost and our operating efficiency and our employee resiliency. So we've got several other examples in different parts of the markets where we're going to be doing the same thing.
Operator: The next from Seaport Research Partners, the line of Mark Weintraub.
Mark Weintraub: So 2 quick questions. One was on the cellulose fibers, with the changes that you're making, do you think that pricing beyond 2023 is going to be less impacted by shifts we see in PPW, for instance, is it kind of -- are these more fixed? Or are we still going to be moving quite a bit with where the open market transactions are going?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean it's -- so Mark, it's Tim. I don't want to start making forecasts or predictions but we do believe, as we've said, that the business is structurally taking efforts to get paid for the value that they're delivering. And you do have a mix across the different channels and segments that we serve. This last piece that we referenced in terms of the contract negotiations in the fourth quarter were structurally something that needed to be corrected by the business and it took a little bit of time to do it. So not making a prediction but we believe that the actions that we're taking consistent with how we get paid for value. And so you can read into what you think that means as we go through '23 and '24.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So I guess I'd read that hopefully, it leads to reduced volatility. Is that a fair -- that's the intent of the contracts?
Tim Nicholls: Well, I think it's the intent of the approach that we've taken with each of our customers and just recognizing that the value equation doesn't change dramatically over time.
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think it's fair to say our commercial objective is to improve profitability, as Tim just described and there's multiple ways to do that depending on the segment and the type of customer. And then secondly, obviously, to reduce volatility in the way that we make When we throw words like strategic customer relationships, that's partly what we mean by the word strategic versus transactional that there is a longer-term view which usually comes with less volatility versus playing a very transactional market by the month or by the quarter. you need probably a mix of all of it but our objective is to improve profitability which we are doing and reduce volatility.
Mark Weintraub: Understood. And then just quickly on the Industrial Packaging, when you talked about volume, you talked about the 4 more seasonal days. You talked about the seasonality typically being a negative, of course. Now are you not seeing any signs that maybe the destock which negatively impacted the third quarter and then again in the fourth quarter by your customers. Any signs that we may be getting towards an end? And might that become a positive? Or any indications from customers as to when that might start working less against you?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I think that's right, Mark. A large portion was taken care of in the fourth quarter. It feels like maybe there's some remnants but that it's getting close to the end. And if you look at where we are just in January, year-over-year, it looks like we don't have numbers yet but just following cut out. It looks like we're down 5% year-over-year but stabilizing from fourth to first.
Operator: Then next, we go to Truist Securities in the line of Mike Roxland.
Mike Roxland: Tim and Mark, congrats on a very good quarter. Last quarter, you mentioned you had an internal algorithm you used to figure out how and where to take downtime. And then one of the items that you -- as part of the algorithm is natural gas. So with the domestic natural gas down as much as it has been with the decline in OCC? How have you shifted your downtime plans, if at all? And just trying to get a sense of whether you've been able to more efficiently take down time and whether that was a benefit in the quarter as well.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mike. We shifted it to the algorithm for marginal cost. And so that's one of the important one, also logistics and transportation costs which haven't relaxed as quickly is an important one and then, of course, fiber, wood fiber costs as well as OCC. And I would say, yes, you saw more of our production shift to the lower-cost energy mills but not in a material way. We ran everything. We didn't make any dramatic shifts but you can see the efficiency and cost reduction showed up in our numbers. Because, again, as I said, at certain sweet spots in an integrated mill where you're making at full capacity, 80% of your energy at less than full capacity you can make almost all of your energy and you're not subject to the open market for purchase electricity or gas virtually at all. So that might even trump a lower gas price. When you have a mix of integrated mills and recycled mills like we do.
Mike Roxland: Got it. And then just quickly on China. With the country easing its strict Zero-COVID policies, can you give us a sense of what you're seeing from a demand perspective in GCF? And I know it's early stage and I know that you're also contending with Chinese New Year, so you may not have your line of sight. But any early read on how demand may or may not be impacted from the elimination of those policies?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I think it's probably a bit too early, although we agree that there is an opportunity past Chinese New Year, China reopens, we see that as a positive.
Operator: Then next, we go to RBC Capital Markets in the line of Matthew McKellar.
Matthew McKellar: First, I just wanted to ask around the sale of your stake in Ilim. Are you able to talk about the time line to close that transaction. It sounds based on your guidance that you're looking for it to close this year. But -- is there any additional color on that? And also any thoughts on key hurdles to clear in terms of receiving regulatory approval.
Tim Nicholls: I mean I don't want to speculate such a fluid environment but I think we look to closing sometime this year at the regulatory approval process, will take what it takes. So as we know more, we'll report it.
Matthew McKellar: Okay. And then just in Industrial Packaging with linerboard medium prices, we see benchmark prices coming down. Can you just remind us to what degree your typical kind of contract pricing lag on realization would be versus those benchmark prices?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It usually runs a couple of quarters. It's all over the map. But when you look at it in total, on average, usually see it coming through over a 2-quarter period.
Operator: The next, we go to Cleve Rueckert of UBS.
Cleveland Rueckert: Just a couple of follow-ups for me. I guess, firstly, Tim, in your prepared remarks, you had a comment about taking out high marginal costs. And obviously, you've been pretty dynamic about that over the last couple of quarters. I'm just wondering if there's an opportunity for some more permanent restructuring in the containerboard system, if that's something you're considering or sort of remains dynamic right now?
Mark Sutton: If you mean -- this is Mark. Thanks for the question. If you mean permanent, like adjustments of capacity, we don't see that on the horizon. Given the types of products we make, the different grades, cost structure of our mills. We're quite capable of running at 105% of nameplate rating and 85% of nameplate rating. And we do believe long term, fiber-based packaging market is growing. So structural cost reduction, where we can now say it's worth making a capital investment to take out this permanently, this marginal cost that ends up only coming out when we are taking economic downtime. Yes, there's opportunities for that. But there's no consideration right now or any major adjustment in our asset base because it's very competitive; it makes the products we need. And I think we've got to figure out also industry in general and I think in particular what's the new normal in supply chain because location of facility near -- converting or near market matters a lot more now than it used to. So we've had a lot to figure out on that but lots of cost reduction opportunities through modest capital investment would be our focus on taking it out for good.
Cleveland Rueckert: Yes, that makes a lot of sense. And I was just wondering if there is any -- if you've made any discoveries through the process of being more dynamic over the last couple of quarters but it sounds like that's a work in progress. Maybe just 2 more quick ones. You've laid out full year guidance. I'm just wondering if there's any economic downtime built into the plan that you've laid out or if it's mostly maintenance in Q1?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. We don't comment on any plans we have or don't about economic downtime going forward. But we have a view of the market growth and how we'll need to run the system as we go through the year.
Cleveland Rueckert: Okay, that's fair enough. And then just finally for me, thinking a little bit bigger picture. I'm just curious, I'm just sort of wondering conceptually here, how frequently you evaluate through cycle free cash flow. I think it looks like you need about another $200 million to $300 million of free cash flow to support the dividend within that 40% to 50% payout that we've talked about before. I'm just curious how you plan to get there from here just on a conceptual basis.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean we look at free cash flow through the cycle. We do trough testing around sustainability of the dividend. I mean, we feel very good about our ability to meet the dividend requirement. And the 40% to 50% is not a hard and fast rule that it will always be within that. Sometimes it could be a little bit above and sometimes it might be a little bit below. But over time through the cycle, we think averaging 40 to 50 across a number of years is an appropriate range to shoot for.
Cleveland Rueckert: Would you say that CapEx is running like a little bit above average in '23? I mean is that something we should expect to come down.
Tim Nicholls: I think it's within $100 million or $200 million, it's probably in the zone. I mean we were trying to spend more on last year but just given supply chain difficulties and long lead times, it was impossible. And so we were just short of $1 billion last year. We're targeting between $1 billion and $1.2 billion this year. But again, it depends on suppliers and vendors' ability to deliver within a time frame. But D&A runs about a little over $1.1 billion. We've looked at average that over time in terms of capital spending.
Operator: Then next from Jefferies, we go to the line of Philip Ng.
John Dunigan: This is John Dunigan on for Phil. Congratulations guys on a great quarter. I wanted to first ask about the containerboard inventories for IP. Where are they now? I mean, one is your base maintenance outage but do you see them in a decent spot with kind of this continuing weak demand environment? Or do you actually see the need to build up a little bit just because of 1Q being your largest maintenance outage?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean without getting into the numbers, they came down a little bit in the fourth quarter. We're going into heavy maintenance outage season, first quarter for sure but in the second quarter. So we'll look at inventories and make sure that we are at an appropriate level to support our outages. So -- but I don't expect a lot of movement.
John Dunigan: Okay. And then just with the new capacity for the industry that's coming online, have you seen any impact from that? Any businesses coming up for bid more frequently or anything along those lines? And just in terms of how IP is maybe responding to all the capacity that's heavily coming on here in the latter half of the quarter. Have you been able to lock in any customers for a longer period of time or kind of shore up some of your contracts to avoid some of the potential instability in the supply demand?
Mark Sutton: John, I think the way we think about it is our containerboard and box system obviously, is an integrated system for the board that we use to make our boxes. And the balance is what we would call our open market position. There's 2 pieces to that: domestic market and export market. And for the domestic market, all of our customers that buy board from us are long-term strategic agreement type customers. We do very little in just kind of what would be considered a spot market. And so we really don't have some of that churn issue that you're talking about. And then we look at demand for virgin kraft linerboard which is all that we export and we oscillate our output on that to match the demand signal. So we've seen capacity come on in the past and it comes on in varying degrees of velocity and varying degrees of success. And we'll just navigate this one like we've done in the past. But we really do run -- for all practical purposes, we run a pretty integrated operation from fiber to box, whether we're making the box or whether a long-term strategic open market box makers making it.
John Dunigan: Okay, understood. And just one point of clarification. In the deck, it says there's no dividend expected from Ilim in 2023. I mean given the closing, it was just expected sometime this year, is there no cash dividend that could come from just holding on to the Ilim for longer portion of this year depending on the closing? Or that's kind of off the table included in the sale price?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, that wouldn't be base case. We don't expect it.
Operator: The next from Deutsche Bank -- I'm sorry, from KeyBanc, Adam Josephson.
Adam Josephson: Just couple of questions about your -- the assumptions embedded in your full year guidance. One on demand, I think, Tim, you mentioned you're thinking underlying box demand will be flattish sequentially 4Q to 1Q. Could you talk about what your expectations are thereafter? Just given the destocking that you talked about affecting the fourth quarter, one would think that demand would be getting better sequentially at some point over the course of 2023. So just wondering what exactly your expectations are beyond 1Q and for full year shipments '23 versus '22, if you're able to talk about that.
Tim Nicholls: I mean we do see a modest recovery. I think we're looking at something in the neighborhood of maybe 1% absolute over the course of the year. So as we get out of the first quarter going into the latter part of the year, a pickup is anticipated but modest.
Adam Josephson: Got it. And on price, Tim, just given the lags you mentioned with respect to when the previously published price changes hit your P&L, is it reasonable to assume that your realized prices in Industrial Packaging will fall sequentially not only from 4Q to 1Q but also from 1Q to 2Q? I would assume so but I just want to confirm that.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think that's reasonable.
Adam Josephson: Okay. And my last question is just if I think about the implied 1Q guidance, I think, around $530 million, maintenance will be higher by about $120 million compared to the latter 3 quarters. So if I take the $530 million, I'd go up to $650 all else equal, if you assume the last 3 quarters of that, you get to about $2.5 billion for the year. So obviously, there's additional improvement embedded in your guidance, I assume from higher realized pulp prices or otherwise. So you're assuming that even though prices in Industrial Packaging will likely be lower from 1Q to 2Q and thereafter. Is that -- I just want to make sure I'm clear on the moving parts from 1Q onward.
Tim Nicholls: It all sounds reasonable.
Adam Josephson: Got it. And just last one for me is what are you -- what is your sense, Tim or Mark, as to how -- the extent to which the customer destocking has played out in terms of box demand? Do you think you're 90% of the way there? 70%? What are you hearing from your customers as to what their inventory levels are and their expectations are?
Mark Sutton: I think, Adam, we're hearing -- there is a range but we're hearing, as Tim, I think, mentioned in the earlier question, a large portion of the destocking did occur in the fourth quarter. There are a couple of segments that are maybe still going through it. But in some cases, we've had orders pick up in certain segments to kind of replenish inventory. So it feels like based on what we're hearing qualitative and what we're seeing in order book that the destocking story of demand chain played out largely.  And now the question mark on everybody's mind is what does the consumer do as we move through the first half of the year with respect to disposable income, what happens with inflation, they're getting some relief on fuel prices and does the consumer move back into the goods economy. And more than likely, everybody who looks at it will get it wrong and it will probably come back faster or it will take longer to come back but we won't get it precisely right but that's what we're hearing.
Operator: Our last question will come from Citi in line of Anthony Pettinari.
Anthony Pettinari: Just a couple of quick ones. Maybe following up on Adam's question on the outlook. I think over the last few years, when you've given a full year outlook, you've given kind of a range of $300 million EBITDA. This year, you're giving $2.8 billion which is maybe a bit more of a specific number. I'm just wondering if there's sort of a different way that you're formulating or presenting the outlook is 2.8 million kind of an internal target? Or how do you think about sort of upside, downside there?
Tim Nicholls: Anthony, it's Tim. We said approximately $2.8 billion. It could be a little bit higher or a little bit lower is just a dynamic environment and we think it will be around that $2.8 billion level.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. And then you talked about lower fiber costs in the 1Q outlook slide. I was wondering if that's just a function of seasonality or if you're seeing real deflation or maybe price declines there. And then I was just wondering if you're seeing any uptick in OCC? And if you could just kind of comment on Southern virgin fiber costs, understanding those are kind of local markets.
Tim Nicholls: No. I think it's OCC and virgin fiber, we're expecting to be down modestly. You've had a lot of transportation cost impact on -- really on both. But on virgin fiber and our inventories are in good shape. And so we think we have an opportunity to bring virgin wood cost down slightly as well.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Sutton for closing comments.
Mark Sutton: Thank you and thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. Just to kind of wrap up with a couple of key points. We're excited about 2023. We believe in our outlook. We've got opportunities to maximize our performance in this uncertain environment. A lot of opportunity to get our cost structure back to something that we would consider more normal on different cost ratios. And then, looking at the commercial improvements we are making throughout 2022 and into 2023, we expect to see dividends on improving our profitability regardless of the demand environment and then the investments we're making are primarily in our box system, we'll continue to make those and we will be ready with a more sustainable operating model when demand returns to a more normal level with the appropriate level of converting capacity and capability in the right geographic locations. So a lot to do. We're excited about it and we look forward to updating you along the way. Thanks for joining our call today.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for your participating in today's International Paper's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask question [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mark Nelson, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Nelson: Thank you, Paul. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-US GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to US GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of our third quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on Slide 3. The third quarter was a very dynamic and challenging environment, which had a significant impact on our earnings. We experienced a sharp decline in demand in our Industrial Packaging segment and significantly higher cost headwinds from higher energy and distribution costs. On a more positive note, I'm very pleased with the progress our Global Cellulose Fibers team is making to improve performance in that business. They are successfully advancing their commercial strategy and achieved cost of capital returns in the third quarter. In both businesses, we also delivered strong price realization. And for the year, we expect to exceed our $225 million target related to our Building a Better IP initiatives. Now back to the demand environment. As we enter the third quarter, we recognized there were macroeconomic uncertainties ahead of us, and that our businesses are not immune to these risks. However, these macro trends shifted drastically midway through the quarter, creating stronger headwinds than expected versus our previous outlook, particularly in our Industrial Packaging business. Based on feedback from our customers and after observing order patterns across our various channels and end user segments, we believe inflationary pressures weighed heavily on the consumer, resulting in lower demand for goods. This had a large impact on demand for Packaging, as consumer priorities shifted towards nondiscretionary goods and services in the quarter. In addition, our customers and the broader retail channel continued to work through elevated inventories of their products, which further reduced Packaging demand in the quarter. In response to these trends, we quickly aligned our production with our customer demand, which resulted in significant economic downtime in the quarter for our Containerboard system. Also our significantly lower export position versus prior years' contributed to a higher level of downtime, all of which suboptimized our system from a cost standpoint in the quarter. I would point out that our mill system continued to operate very well before being constrained by lower demand. The work we did in the last several quarters to improve reliability is paying dividends. As we enter the fourth quarter, Packaging demand appears to be stabilizing at these lower levels. And finally on capital allocation, we returned $434 million to shareholders in the third quarter including $269 million of share repurchases. As a result, we've returned approximately $1.6 billion of cash to shareholders so far this year. If we turn to the third quarter in particular on slide 4, revenue increased by 10% year-over-year driven by strong price realization across our two business segments. Operating earnings and margins were lower than prior periods due to the significant macro headwinds I discussed earlier. However, our free cash flow generation was stable in the quarter. I would also like to take this opportunity to mention that, we are making good progress regarding Ilim. As I've mentioned before, the complexity of the situation and our joint venture structure impact the pace of reaching a resolution, but we feel good about the progress we're making and we'll provide another update when there is more information to share. I'll now turn to slide 5, which is one that we shared with you last quarter as we recognized that there were a lot of macro uncertainties ahead of us. Our outlook for the fourth quarter, which Tim will share with you shortly assumes our earnings will remain under pressure in the near term. However, I want to reinforce my confidence in the resiliency of IP, and our ability to navigate through these dynamic environments. Our teams at International Paper know what it takes to successfully manage through a business cycle. And given the rapid change in demand, it will take some time to realign and optimize our system to the current environment. We have a wide range of options and capabilities across our large system of mills box plants and supply chain. And we know how to leverage them while taking care of our customers. Also, later in the presentation Tim is going to share some specific actions that our teams are taking to shift production to our lowest-cost operations and shed high-margin cost across the system. We're also continuing to invest in projects to drive structural cost reduction through efficiency improvements. And finally, we have built a very strong balance sheet, which we will preserve because we believe it's ensuring our financial stability and optionality and is foundational to our company, especially in softer economic environments. This allows us to continue investing in our businesses, and to return cash to shareowners in a meaningful way by maintaining our dividend and through opportunistic share repurchases. I'm now going to turn it over to Tim who will cover our business performance and outlook. Tim? 
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide 6, which shows our sequential earnings bridge. Third quarter operating earnings per share were $1.01 as compared to $1.24 in the second quarter. Price and mix improved by $151 million or $0.31 per share with strong price realization across both segments. Volume is lower in Industrial Packaging as a result of the softer demand across all channels. Global Cellulose Fibers demand was stable. However, pulp shipments were higher due to improved supply chain velocity. Operations and costs were impacted by the non-repeat of favorable one-time items in the second quarter, significant economic downtime in our Industrial Packaging business and higher distribution costs and other inflation across all businesses. As you may recall our operations and costs in the second quarter benefited from $96 million or $0.19 per share of favorable one-time items related to insurance recovery of – for our Prattville mill as well as lower employee benefit costs medical claims and workers' comp expenses. Maintenance outages were lower in the third quarter as planned improving earnings by $0.13. Input costs continue to be a headwind and were $75 million or $0.15 per share higher in the third quarter driven by higher energy and chemicals, partially offset by lower OCC cost. On slide 34 of the appendix, we provide details on our consumption of key inputs including natural gas, which was a significant cost headwind in the quarter for our businesses in North America and Europe. Corporate and other items include benefits from lower tax expense and a lower share count. Lastly, equity earnings were below the quarter prior primarily due to the lower sales price and FX related to Ilim. So turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on slide 7. We had very strong price and mix improvement in the quarter as we successfully completed implementation of our March price increase, while also benefiting from higher average export prices and commercial initiatives focused on margin improvement. As Mark mentioned earlier. the challenging macro environment resulted in much lower volumes and unfavorable cost in our North American and European Packaging businesses. Demand for Packaging weakened significantly mid-quarter across all channels and segments from lower consumer demand and retailer inventory destocking. This large decline in volume impacted operations and costs in the quarter as we adjusted our system to align our production with our customers' demand. These actions resulted in approximately 400,000 tons of economic downtime across the system, resulting in higher unabsorbed fixed cost and a sub-optimized system. This represented approximately one-third of the higher cost and ops quarter-over-quarter. In addition, when not constrained our mills ran very well, which increased the amount of economic downtime needed to match the reduced level of demand. Sequentially operations in costs was also impacted by significantly higher distribution costs, inflation on materials and services and the non-repeat of favorable onetime items we discussed in the second quarter. It also includes some additional spending on recovery boilers and bark boilers across our mills to make our own energy given the significant increases in natural gas prices. Input costs were another significant headwind in the quarter and much higher than we expected, primarily due to higher energy costs that were only partially offset by lower OCC cost. These cost headwinds are even more significant for our packaging business in Europe where natural gas prices doubled since the second quarter and averaged about nine times the normal level. Turning to slide 8. We thought it would be helpful if we share some additional perspective on underlying segment trends for our corrugated packaging business. As shown on the previous slide, our US box shipments were down 5.4% year-over-year and our overall US channel was down 5.9%. As a reminder, our US channel includes the US box system as well as our open market containerboard customers and our equity partnerships with strategic sheet feeders. In the third quarter, we saw demand decline across all end-use segments. The yellow indicators represent segments where the demand decline was less than our overall average of 5.4%, and the red indicators represent declines that were worse than our overall average. Segments including beverage, durables and non-durables, which are more discretionary in nature, came under the most pressure as consumers had to make choices while dealing with high inflation. In addition, retailer inventory destocking has exacerbated. The demand decline is for most segments in the near term. Based on feedback from our customers and our performance in October, demand appears to be stabilizing at these lower levels, as companies continue to work through their inventories in the fourth quarter. Despite these near-term headwinds, we understand the critical role of corrugated packaging plays in bringing essential products to consumers and believe that IP is well positioned to grow with our customers over the long-term. Turning to Slide 9. As Mark mentioned earlier, in the softer demand environment where we are able to run our systems at full capacity, we have the ability to shed high marginal cost due to a wide range of options and capabilities across our large system of mills box plants and supply chain. For example, we are shifting between fiber options based on the marginal cost of wood versus OCC. In this case, our mill teams consider the total cost to process the fiber including the benefits from own-make energy when consuming wood versus the cost of natural gas used to process OCC. Another example would be in the supply chain area. Our teams are reducing premium freight through mode optimization and increased availability of lowest-cost carriers. At mills, we're working to lower our planned maintenance outage cost by reducing overtime and premium pay that is traditionally associated with the shorter schedule. We are also continuing to invest in our operations to drive structural cost reduction from efficiency improvements in the areas of fiber and energy consumption. Ultimately, we are focused on restoring margins to historical levels by aligning our production with customer demand while optimizing our cost structure. Turning to Cellulose Fibers on Slide 10. I'll start with an update on the demand environment and supply chain. Demand for fluff pulp remains stable across all regions. Feedback from customers continues to indicate that fluff pulp inventories are near historical lows. We are experiencing moderate improvement in supply chain efficiencies. However, they continue to remain stretched driven by ongoing port congestion and vessel delays. We believe fluff pulp will continue to grow over the long-term and are confident in the essential role of absorbent personal care products and meeting consumer needs. Taking a look at the second quarter performance. Price and mix improved by $62 million due to the successful execution of previously announced price increases with solid momentum as we enter the fourth quarter. Volume in the quarter was higher due to some improvement in supply chain velocity. However, I would note that backlogs remain above normalized levels due to ongoing logistics challenges. Our mills continue to run well. Operations and costs were unfavorable in the quarter due to higher distribution costs and non-repeat favorable onetime items in the second quarter. Planned maintenance outages were lower by $26 million sequentially while input costs were higher by $12 million. Turning to Slide 11. Our Global Cellulose Fibers business continues to make significant progress towards growing earnings and delivering cost of capital returns in the third quarter. And the business remains well positioned to sustain this level of performance in the fourth quarter. Our team successfully deployed a commercial strategy focused on building strategic relationships with key global and regional customers and aligning with the most attractive regions and segments.  We are focused on creating value for our customers by delivering products that meet their stringent product safety standards and deliver innovative value. In addition, we are driving structural margin improvement by ensuring we get paid for the value we provide.  To-date we have made solid progress in our fluff pulp contract negotiations which will provide additional commercial benefits as we move into 2023. We are committed to building on this momentum and delivering value-creating returns over the business cycle. I would also note that this is a key part of building a better IP initiative in the category of strategy acceleration. Turning to Slide 12, I would like to update you on Building, a Better IP set of initiatives. We're making solid progress in delivering $70 million of earnings in the third quarter for a total of $175 million year-to-date and we're on track to exceed the high end of our full year target.  About half of the benefits to date are from our lean effectiveness initiative by rapidly streamlining our corporate and staff functions to realign with a more simplified portfolio, we have already offset 100% of the dis-synergies from the Printing Papers spin-off.  Although most of these benefits have been achieved, we will continue to pursue additional opportunities. The process optimization initiative has the potential to significantly reduce costs across areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics and sourcing as we leverage advanced technology and data analytics. These initiatives will deliver meaningful benefits in 2023 as we finish implementing new capabilities across our businesses. And finally strategy acceleration is about delivering profitable growth through commercial and investment excellence, getting our Global Cellulose Fiber business to deliver value-creating returns is one example of this. We are also focused on profitably growing our Industrial Packaging business by improving margins and investing for organic growth. Turning to Slide 13 and a look at the fourth quarter outlook. As Mark mentioned our earnings will remain under pressure in the near term given the current demand environment. With that I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix in the export channel to be lower by $10 million, volume is expected to decrease by $30 million with four less days sequentially in North America and the traditional seasonal pickup from holiday demand is not expected to be as strong this year. This will be partially offset by seasonally higher produce volume and EMEA packaging. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $120 million. A little more than half of this is from the higher unabsorbed fixed costs resulting from lower volumes as well as seasonally higher costs primarily from energy consumption and labor benefits.  The remainder includes such items as inflation on materials and services and timing of spending, maintenance outage expense is generally flat. And lastly input costs are expected to decrease by $80 million from lower fiber and energy costs. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to improve by $20 million on the realization of prior increases. Volume is expected to decrease by $10 million based on timing of shipments through the supply chain.  Operations and costs are expected to increase by $5 million due to seasonality while maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $34 million. Lastly, input costs are expected to increase by $5 million, primarily related to energy costs at our converting operations in Poland. Turning to Slide 14, I'll take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in the third quarter. As Mark mentioned earlier, we have a very strong balance sheet, which we will preserve, because we believe it is core to our capital allocation framework. Our 2021 year-end leverage was 2.3 times on a Moody's basis, which is below our target range of 2.5 to 2.8 times. Looking ahead, we have limited medium-term maturities with about $1.3 billion due, over the next 10 years. And finally, even in this environment the risk mitigation strategies we've taken to ensure our pension plan remains fully funded have – are in place and are delivering. Returning cash to shareowners is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the third quarter, we returned $434 million to shareholders including 269 million through share repurchases, which represents 6.4 million shares or about 1.8% of shares outstanding. As a result, we've returned approximately $1.6 billion of cash to shareholders so far this year. In October, our Board of Directors authorized an additional $1.5 billion of share repurchases, which brings our total authorization to approximately $3.4 billion. Going forward, we are committed to returning cash through maintaining our dividend and through opportunistic share repurchases. Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash generation. We are targeting between $900 million to $1 billion, which includes the funding cost for – the funding for cost reduction projects with attractive returns for strategic projects to build out capabilities and capacity in our box system to support future profitable growth. We will continue to be disciplined and selective on assessing M&A opportunities that may supplement our goal of accelerating profitable growth. You can expect M&A focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities in our packaging businesses in North America and Europe. Any potential opportunity we pursue must create compelling long-term value for our shareholders [ph]. And with that I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim for all the details. Look, this is clearly a very dynamic environment with a lot of moving parts. As I look back across our company, I'm really proud of the improvement we've made in customer service over the last several quarters considering where we were in the middle of last year with Containerboard inventory issues and box plant availability for our customers. The reliability improvements we've made in our mill system both in Global Cellulose Fibers and in Containerboard, I feel really good about because we're running very, very well in some cases at levels – productivity levels that are the best we've ever run. I also feel good about the progress our Global Cellulose Fibers team is making and the trajectory of the profitability earnings and the business model changes we've made that Tim described a bit earlier. At the same time, I'm not at all satisfied with the level of our profitability, which has been impacted by supply chain disruptions, inflation and falling demand in the second half of this year. But I am certain, we will make improvements in this area. I'm also very certain about the resiliency of International Paper. During the past few years, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility and taking a lot of risk out of the company. This strong foundation makes IP well positioned for success across a wide spectrum of economic environments. So with that operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bank of America and the line of George Staphos. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi. Thanks very much. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details, Mark and Tim. First question broadly on containerboard and the second one on pulp. So in containerboard, can you talk to us about what benefit you expect to get from the optimization efforts on a run rate basis, what the horizon would be in terms of when you expect to be at a more optimized level that you're targeting? And how do current box shipments and trends play into your optimization? And what are you seeing early in the quarter?
Mark Sutton: So early in the quarter, we are seeing as Tim mentioned box shipments still stabilized from where they exited the third quarter that's down 6% or so from where quarter progressively got a little worse. I think George the issue on optimizing, which we have called in the past, variabilizing our cost structure. I think part of what's unique right now compared to maybe prior periods is the amount of production slow backs we're taking over a relatively short period of time and in a period where most of our maintenance out -- almost all of our maintenance outages are behind us. If you look at prior periods where we adjusted our output to match our demand; A, it was spread out more evenly. Some of it was in the first half of the year where we also had maintenance outages. So the third quarter, we did a lot and it was really in the last two months of the quarter. In the fourth quarter it spread out more evenly, but it's still trying to anticipate the demand that we think we see but being willing to turn it back on if the demand picks up. And so I think the fourth quarter is going to be a transitionary quarter. I will say from the last time we took economic downtime in our containerboard system in any appreciable amount, you will all remember that was 2019. If we look at the variable cost per unit of production in that environment, we're actually doing a little bit better than that. What's different this time is we're doing this in a really high inflationary environment. So the price part of a lot of our input is persistently sticky. We think some of that will start to relieve itself in the fourth quarter, but it hasn't all happened yet. We weren't dealing with that part of the cost component in 2019, but our teams know what to do. The goal right now -- we also didn't have a high energy environment then the goal right now is to maximize our own make energy as anybody who makes their own energy in any industry we'd be trying to do right now. But you've got to match that goal with the actual production output you need. And that changes the way we run our pulp mill. So I think we'll see through the fourth quarter continued improvement in how we shed those marginal costs.
George Staphos: Thanks Mark. My other question on pulp. So you said I believe demand for GCF was stable yet your customers' inventories are still relatively low. You've seen some improvement, but not a lot I'm paraphrasing there in the supply chain. So with inventories low, did customers pick up their purchases relative to where they otherwise would have been, because they could access more material, because the supply chain has improved? And as we look out over the next couple of quarters presumably the supply chain improves, do you think that will lead customers to purchase more and improve their inventory position, or now that it will be much more hand-to-mouth, because supply chain has improved and so the need to have inventory will diminish somewhat? Thanks guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark Sutton: I think the low levels of inventory for this particular type of product given it's not easily substitutable in the short term given the qualifications the low levels of inventory make the value chain very nervous. And so I think customers will work to get to some level of comfort that they're used to. I don't think anyone will trust the supply chain for quite a while to be the answer to, I can run with a lot lower inventories. Some of our shipments as Tim mentioned, or alluded to we shipped a little more than we expected partly because the supply chain velocity improved a little bit as you paraphrased. We don't know for sure if that's permanent or if that was just in the third quarter we hope it's going to get better, because it will help us lower our cost. But we still have the issues in the market. For example, China's market is still semi-closed with some of the lockdowns. We think the inventory situation is going to remain strained meaning low finished products throughout the value chain for the coming several quarters. And so we think that the demand is stable. It could improve, if China figures out their vaccine and all that strategy and maybe opens the economy a little more. But right now we what we see is stable demand going forward a lot of commercial improvements that will flow into 2023, and the ability with a little bit better supply chain to really start to take cost out of our system that we get to keep.
George Staphos: Thank you, Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Citi and the line of Anthony Pettinari. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following up on inventories maybe on the Containerboard side, how would you characterize customer inventories here in October as well as your own inventories? And to the extent that, there's maybe an overhang still in the channel? Like how long do you think it might take to work through that?
Mark Sutton: So I think there's – if you go back to the slide Tim showed, Anthony, with the yellow and red segment descriptors. Those that were – the demand declined more than the average demand. Those are the customers in those segments. And we have very big customers national-type accounts and we have very small customers inside of each of those little segment descriptors. Those that were greater than the average a big portion of their commentary to us on their order pattern was too much inventory. And we think they think best they can tell from the consumer, I watched a few of their earnings calls earlier this week. That's a fourth quarter unwinding process, but maybe not terribly much beyond that. If you look at the other part of that chart where our decline in some cases we didn't break it out. But in some cases we had customers inside the segments that the demand didn't decline at all. And they're very big and important customers to us. And they would say, their inventories are a little high, but we'll see what happens with fourth quarter consumer demand. They're predicting a little less of a holiday pickup, but any pickup at all, and they'll feel like they're in great shape. So it's really a tale of those segments on that chart we showed. But even in the worst case we think most of our customers believe that this is working through the fourth quarter process. Obviously, you hate to make a prediction because there's so -- it seems to be so many variables that come up and inflation is still persistent and high. Consumer can be fickle after this holiday period and spending a lot of money on services, what happens to the goods market in the first quarter I think that's what a lot of us are trying to figure out right now.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just with the updated CapEx guidance, can you remind us kind of how you think about normalized maintenance versus growth versus regulatory CapEx to the extent that you're maybe trimming some of that maybe where is that coming from? And then understanding you're not giving guidance on 2023 just kind of directionally are there capital needs for the business that might cause CapEx to go higher next year? Could it go lower? Do you think you're kind of in a good position here? Just any incremental thoughts on CapEx?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Great. Thanks, Anthony. It's Tim. So over time longer term, we look to have capital investment around the level of depreciation. It can be a little bit higher in some years. What usually drives that is not so much maintenance and regulatory. We try to keep that fairly consistent. We look over a five year period. We have five year plans about how we're going to do maintenance schedules. What tends to drive it up and down a little bit on the margin tends to be more of the strategic projects whether it's building out capability or more recently adding capacity in our converting operations. So -- but the $900 million to $1 billion is not necessarily us actively pulling back capital. It's just coming to the realization this close to the end of the year that as hard as we've tried all through the year supply chain has been a limiting factor about how much capital you can have installed and have it be productive in a given period of time. So that's the reason for the adjustment. Just acknowledging that we're not going to get as much done as we thought we were earlier in the year. And longer term, we'll try to be around depreciation. But where there's either good cost reduction projects or strategic needs building out capability, it could be a little bit higher than that in given years.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bank of Montreal and the line of Mark Wilde. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning, Mark, good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Hi.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wanted just to start out. You took a lot of economic downtime in the third quarter and you're suggesting more in the fourth quarter. I just wondered given that level of downtime and coupling that with all the new capacity that's coming into the industry over the next 15 months, are there some more efficient ways to adjust your capital base over the next 12 to 18 months whether it's some permanent moves, or maybe moves like we sought Valeant several years ago when they just mothballed one of the machines. Or is just continuing to take kind of rolling downtime across the system is that the optimum approach?
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mark. I think the variables we look at of course, we don't know what the demand environment is going to be over the next year or two and we don't know exactly what the ramp of the new capacity you mentioned will be. So there's a lot of variables. The other thing that's a little different and a unique addition to the algorithm we use to figure out how to take downtime is one, we have very high natural gas costs which changed the competitiveness of your recycled mills and we have a few that are 100% recycled. The flip side of that is you've got a very expensive and congested supply chain. So an IP example would be our large recycled mill that's up in the Midwest might be a candidate to scale back for energy costs, but it defeats our ability to save on logistics because it's so close to the market. So one of the reasons you see us doing more of as you described rolling, so not fully shut them down but adjusting the output of multiple plants is to try to make all of that balance, get our integrated mills to be as close to energy independent as possible. And our nonintegrated mills, which tend to be located physically in places -- and they were built for that reason to be close to the end-use market and they're beyond a lot of the real choke points to get those to serve as much. As things change, as supply chain costs change, as energy changes, it will lead us to different conclusions. So that's how we make that decision on how much we run to our order book and where we do it.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then I wanted to just turn to sell. I know that this whole strategic effort in cellulose over the last few years has a number of different elements. And so just, if we look at the pulp price charts right now, they're at the highest level any of us have ever seen. So can you just help us on this call, get confidence that if pulp prices start to rollover, you're actually going to be able to maintain those cost of capital returns going forward in cellulose? So it's not just the market that's gotten you there at this point?
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think if you look at a couple of indicators, one of the things we've tried to do with our value proposition is to make arrangements with customers. Tim used the word moving to strategic arrangements versus just contractual volume for price. And two, how we participate in the different regions of the world given the nature of the product and what requirements a customer has from the standpoint of substitution and making sure we get paid for that. And so you can see some evidence in certain charts in certain regions where that phenomenon has already started to occur and there's no impact on our absorbent products economics. And the reason for that is our strategy adjustment has been to work with our customers and to basically have the effect of decoupling that as much as we possibly can. But your point is well taken. We will see how that plays out as we go through a normal business cycle. We're very comfortable that we've made structural changes in the way we go to market. And I'm not saying you won't see any cyclicality, but I think you will begin to see a different spread over time than you've seen in the past. But the proof will be in the coming quarters. I'll take you back Mark to what I've said over a year ago. Investors can expect with the changes we're making for Global Cellulose Fibers to improve quarter after quarter after quarter that we will be at the cost of capital returns in the second half of 2022. And that you could expect the business as we enter into 2023 to be a value creating business. And so far that's the track we're on. So let's keep talking about it quarter after quarter. I think your point is a great one, and I think it'll -- we'll learn a lot more about whether or not our strategy adjustments have resiliency and sustainability as we move into 2023. I believe they do. 
Mark Wilde: Okay. That’s helpful, Mark. I will turn it over to some other questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next from Seaport Research Partners, Mark Weintraub. Your line is open. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. So I'm just trying to think through work out the downtime the magnitude of downtime that you guys took in the third quarter, obviously, acting quickly to adjust to the demand environment. And I think your North American system order magnitude's 13.5 million tons so roughly 3.5 million tons a quarter. And just the economic downtime itself was about 400,000 tons, which if I'm doing my math right and I'm not missing something is suggesting you're kind of in the 85%, 90% range in terms of operating rates. And basically, Containerboard production presumably was down by 10% plus year-over-year. So I have two questions on that. One, are you actually -- are you have you been bringing Containerboard inventory down in your system during this quarter? And then you also made the comments that you -- if I understood correctly that in the fourth quarter you're probably going to be taking as much or maybe more, did I hear that right? 
Mark Sutton: So Mark it's a multifaceted question. Let me just take you back to a higher level. So the Containerboard system has a certain capacity. It's a little higher than the number you mentioned. And the way we run it is not by quarter. I mean, we have to do what we have to do in a single quarter. The way we think about our system is we have a certain amount of output capability. We strategically target about 3% of that and you can look at our earnings calls from the past and how much volume we take out for planned maintenance ends up being around between 3% and 4%. Then there's another 3% to 4% that we tend to average just in terms of being flexible for customer service for unforeseen problems and so every once in a while to match a change in demand like 2019, we'll adjust our output to match a reduced demand environment. And that again has multiple variables. It depends on how strong the export market is during the same period of time sometimes the markets are connected sometimes they're not. That number as a percentage of our total capacity in 2019 was probably 6%, 7% of our total capacity once in a multiyear period. And I don't know what it's going to be. We don't forecast. We're just trying to match up the principle of we're going to make the Containerboard we need to serve the order book we have and to maintain what is much healthier inventories for our supply chain. And those numbers as you know for almost every industry are a little higher in this, kind of, supply chain environment. But that's the way you should think about it. Think about it big picture not in a 60- or 90-day period. There's a system, there's maintenance, there's flexibility time and occasionally there's an adjustment. And that's the, kind of, way it's going to play out. Roughly the percentages I gave you if you annualize -- what's unique about this and I mentioned it in the prior answer is a the market slowdown in quarters that normally the market is not slowing down and for IP in quarters where we don't have any other maintenance outages that would normally be taking production offline like we had in the first half of the year. So that's the difference is. That's what adds to the cost mitigation challenge. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Helpful. And just to -- and to clarify I guess what I'm trying to ascertain is whether or not the amount of downtime you took and I appreciate all the talk about maintenance and levels along those lines et cetera having an impact. But were you -- was there almost some catch-up on, if we were to remain in a down 6% type of demand environment, would you anticipate continuing to take this level of downtime or was there a degree of downtime on the Board side of things was even more than what the box shipment type of environment would have indicated? 
Mark Sutton: So again, Mark the way you need to think about the answer to that question is any downtime we take is a product of doing the analysis of our North American order book, our export order book, any maintenance outages that would already take production offline and I think Tim mentioned it, how well we're running in the moment. So we're running really, really well right now i.e. we're making too much containerboard which is where you want to be, that's what we worked on to be reliable.  What that means in plain speech is, the lack of reliability interruptions in the quarter which is a good thing, but not in a quarter where you necessarily don't need the production so you end up slowing back. But at least you didn't have a repair cost. So it's impossible to answer the question without knowing the answer to all four of those variables I just gave you. 
Mark Weintraub: That's really helpful. And I get I think basically you have improved your system you can actually make more products if you could continue like this which I guess would then sort of go back to Mark Wilde's question a little bit, is does that then give you a little bit added flexibility to think about your footprint on a different basis too if you've actually -- is that a fair observation? 
Mark Sutton: I think it's fair to think about the way I answered Mark's question is, in the moment where you're considering -- which let's take it right now if you look at the other variables like transportation and logistics costs and like energy costs and you make the decisions for production at the lowest, I think Tim used the word the lowest marginal cost operations and that could change in a month because of a hurricane that wets the Woodlands and now you've got high-cost wood at a mill that [indiscernible]. So my point is not to be invasive, it's a dynamic set of variables and we make those decisions not real time but enough -- a 7- to 10-day period. So if the answer to the question how do we make the production we need at the lowest cost involved some of the examples you and Mark mentioned then that's what we would do. But right now, with the variables we have, with supply chain and energy that's not the most cost-effective way to do it. 
Mark Weintraub: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Then our next question comes from Truist Securities and the line of Mike Roxland. Please go ahead. 
Mike Roxland: Thanks. Hi Mark, Tim. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow up I guess on your inventory as well just following up on Mark's question and Anthony's questions about the overall -- the aggregate level of your inventories during the quarter. Can you give us a sense of where they stand? I mean I remember last quarter you mentioning that your containerboard inventories are now back to sufficient levels.  But with demand slowed aggressively that has given the economic downtime you've taken given some of the slowbacks would you be starting to say that your inventories have declined sequentially and relative to your comments from last quarter? 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. So we were back where we needed to be. Part of the reaction that you saw in the quarter. It happened midway during the quarter as Mark referenced, it was really in response to making sure that inventories don't get away from us. If we're linked to demand we're trying to look --- our S&OP process is trying to look at, not only in the moment but further out in time and what kind of product availability needs we're going to have. So, we were able to keep inventories in line with where we want them through the way we ran the system. 
Mark Sutton: And Mike again, I'll just reiterate the decisions that we make are for the, what we can see upcoming. But think about the calendar, the other variable as you're taking adjustments to inventory at this time of year, versus in the middle of the year as we enter into the first half of the year, which is our heavy -- 75% of our maintenance outages. So part of our normal operating strategy is to predict, how do we make sure we have the inventory we need in the first and second quarter of next year. So we don't lose a sale, because we did something to inventories in the moment in the fourth quarter, without looking at what's getting ready to happen. So that's factored into our decisions as well. It's not just about the inventory to manage the demand in the fourth quarter, it probably would be if we were in the second quarter because the outages are done. You've got plenty of inventory. You don't have any more mills down, but that's not the case here. We're getting ready to enter into our normal outage season and that factors into what we think we have to run, whether or not there was an economic slowdown or not so we can get through our outages. 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. The other thing, I would add is, even though we've seen some modest improvement in transit times with ocean vessels here on the ground in North America as well in truck. Our network, the supply chain has not picked up a lot of velocity. So, we're still dealing with the extra time it takes to move product in between mills and converting operations. 
Mike Roxland: Got you. I appreciate the color. And just one quick follow-up. If demand remains depressed through this quarter through the earlier part of next year, would it be fair to say that -- and you continue not to -- let's say, you could tell production their slowback is that the point at, which you would drag down your inventory? So Mark you mentioned it was 2Q. But would it be fair to say that if you were in early 1Q, and demand the overall demand volume is minus 6%, you would starting to draw down your inventories at that point? 
Mark Sutton: We would run the system to match the demand that we have. So, we don't know what the demand is going to be in the first quarter. But as we get closer to that, we'll have a better idea. And if that results -- and the supply chain velocity has improved, then we don't solve for the inventory level number. We solve for making sure, we can take care of our customers. And then we have the business prepared, because what we make today gets used in the future not today.  And so we've already made the inventory for it -- for today yesterday. So that's why it's difficult to give you a finite period answer. There's again, a lot of variables. We need less absolute inventory when the supply chain is flowing, than we do when it's not. And it's a long way from flowing and especially in the rail area, a lot of our mills are in the Southeast, deep Southeast where the rail choke points are not getting any better and the labor situation is not getting a lot better. So we're working with what we know right now. And what we know right now, says the inventory levels we have the absolute number, matches the slow velocity of the supply chain. If that changes, we'll adjust our production output to match the fact that the inventory is moving faster. So it's not a matter of where we lower our inventory, it's a matter of all of those variables lead to an inventory number. 
Mike Roxland: Got you. Appreciate all the color. Good luck for the balance of the year.
Mark Sutton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Then our next question comes from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim, good morning. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Mark just one more kind of way of asking that capacity question that I think both Marks were getting at is obviously you have to hazard a guess as to what long run demand will be to figure out what the optimal level of capacity is. And obviously, there is this exceptionally unusual surge in demand during the pandemic and now we're starting to see the other side of that. So, when you're thinking about the right amount of capacity to have long term how are you thinking about the right level of demand? Obviously, it's near impossible to forecast it. But are you thinking that 2019 levels were kind of normal or what the long run rate of demand growth will be? Obviously, there's capacity coming that I think Mark Wilde mentioned. So, how are you thinking about all those factors when determining what the right level of long-term capacity is for you? 
Mark Sutton: Yes. Again Adam I appreciate you coming at it from a different angle. I mean the long-term capacity we think we need is based on what we believe about the markets we serve and the markets we serve ex the pandemic just normalize volume unless there's some major change in the structure of the US economy. It's been a 1% to 2% growth market for boxes. And the open market is similar because we're selling to people who make boxes in the same market and global containerboard virgin containerboard to service the rest of the world and to create recycled fiber has been a 2% to 3% growth. And we typically try to position ourselves to have positions in those channels in the most profitable areas. And so I'd say right now again with those numbers in mind, over time not hearing the moment, but over time we're good on Containerboard. We just made the Riverdale investment in 2020. That was another good chunk of high-quality white top. We made small project investments across the North American system in years prior to that. And I think we've got the containerboard capacity we need. We're working on different grades lighter weights different things like that. But I think that's how we think about the containerboard capacity. We back it into what do we need in containerboard based on what we think the end-use markets are going to need for box which is the biggest. And then the actual open market we're selling North America and export. And those are the numbers we -- we didn't change our strategy because of the pandemic demand. What we did is we realized we can't run as close to the full capacity that we were running in our converting operations meaning you can always use a little labor to get some extra capacity by working some over time, but you can't do that forever because there's people and they can't do that forever. So, you do need to have a better asset strategy. And we learned that through the pandemic. We didn't change our strategy on what we look at long-term growth of containerboard and its uses. 
Tim Nicholls: No, it's just -- I think part of what you're getting at Adam is the pull forward that maybe some of the industry saw primarily around durable goods but durable goods is a small segment -- small for us a small in total. And a lot of what people are buying are consumable items. So, it's not like -- I don't -- maybe in some cases there's demand pull forward a little bit but I don't feel like that's the bulk of it. It's just I think we have seen the shift that Mark talked about between goods and services and that will normalize at some point too. 
Adam Josephson: Yes. No, I appreciate that. And just Tim one on the dividend. So, your balance sheet, you've done a lot of work to get it in much better shape than it used to be and kudos to you for that. When I think about the dividend payout, so just in light of what you're guiding to for this year the $900 million to $1 billion, if I assume that you sell or do something with your Ilim stake, that would mean that you wouldn't get that $200 million-ish of cash dividends next year and thereafter for that matter. Such that ex-Ilim you'd be paying out, I think what 90% of your free cash flow this year. And obviously you have a view of where trough cash flow is a normalized cash flow peak cash flow. How are you thinking about the dividend path in light of what you're guiding to for this year in light of what you're hoping to do with Ilim et cetera?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It's a great question, Adam. I mean, the way we think about it is -- and we say 40% to 50% of free cash flow that in our minds. And I think we've said this before. But that's not in every moment of time. That is through the cycle. And there have been moments when our dividend payout has been higher than that. And it's been right down on the bottom end of that at times too. So I think we're in a moment. But we still believe that the dividend is structured. We have bought back a lot of shares at the same time is still perfectly situated in that 40% to 50% of free cash flow. And we still believe in the resiliency of our cash flow overtime.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think it's important to know Adam that, what Tim said is really, really important. 40% to 50% over a cycle, which means it's going to be at the upper-end. And it could be the number you just gave. And it could be much lower and be at the lower end it has even dipped into 30-something percent of free cash flow. But the dividend is really important to us. It's really important to our investors. That's what we hear from investors. And it is important for us to make sure that it's not a tactical thing that we calculate free cash flow for a given year and then we say oh 50% of that. That's not how we do it. It's 40% to 50%. It's an overall guideline through a cycle. And a lot of things happen to converge in trough conditions which you might describe as low demand and all its negative impact usually followed by lower cost environments unwinding of working capital. Cash as you know has many components but that's the way for people to think about our dividend. It's not a calculation in the moment pick your moment quarter half year, year. It's through a cycle. And I just want to be really clear about that.
Adam Josephson: Thank you so much, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Then our final question for today comes from Deutsche Bank and the line of Kyle White. Please go ahead.
Kyle White: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was just hoping to get some more details on demand. I know it's been talked about a lot, but I'm just trying to understand the two large dynamics impacting demand here the de-stock impact and no inflationary pressures on consumers. We kind of knew about the de-stock impact heading into the quarter but you mentioned that demand saw a sharper decline midway through. So it seems like inflationary pressures are now taking over and having a larger impact on demand going forward. So should that not carry kind of forward into 2023 such that, we could see mid-single-digit declines in the first half to 2023, or just what are you seeing now and how are you thinking about that for next year?
Mark Sutton: Sure. Kyle, I think it's a really great question. That's the kind of conversation we're having with customers. Our business doesn't have that long of a cycle. So we got some visibility into the fourth quarter. It's really -- there's really not a lot of visibility other than algorithms and analytics into the first quarter. But what I think our customers said what they saw and then hence we saw is as inflation remains persistent customers had to make choices. They start -- and you look at the time of the year we're in approaching holidays a little more travel they're making choices to spend money on services or save money for a future airplane flight over the holidays and backing off some discretionary things. So fast forward through the fourth quarter and you flush out all that service spending where does the consumer find themselves in the first quarter? I think it has a lot to do with whether this slowing market and slowing economy actually creates different policy, interest rates. How does the consumer feel? You listen to the bank CEOs and they have a general view that the consumer is still in pretty good shape and that's true looking at bank balances and all that. But that won't stay that way if inflation remains at 9%, 10% and rents are high and all the other things. That's the real variables we're watching and our customers are watching. But we'll deal with whatever the environment is in the first part of next year. But I think we have to see what does the consumer do as they work their way through at least in this part of the world very heavily service-oriented holiday spending pattern and will they make choices that are different. It looks like they're making choices on less goods more services. But after the services are all spent will the goods -- replenishment. As Tim said, some of this is consumables will that be gained a normal cadence in the first quarter. It's a great question. We're watching it we'll know a lot more obviously as we go through the fourth quarter. And when we're talking to all of you at the end of January with our full year we'll be in it. So we'll have a lot better view on that. 
Kyle White : Got it. That's very helpful. And then what's the latest on Ilim? Understanding you can't share all the details, but just curious what you can on the call like this regarding the timing of potential sale that you think could happen there? And then also curious do you expect to receive any additional dividends from Ilim next year or in the future? 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. We're not forecasting dividends into next year. We're in the middle of the process. And you're right there's not a whole lot more we can say about it. But we feel good about where we are. We have made progress and we're pushing hard.
Mark Sutton: It's -- I made a couple of comments in the prepared remarks, Kyle, that we're not where we were at the beginning of the quarter. We were much more advanced, but it is a complex process. The fact it is a joint venture and not wholly owned when you look at the process for executing strategic options under these current guidelines by both governments. The joint venture structure makes it a more time consuming and more complex process. But we have advanced along that time -- that process time line quite a bit. So I'm really pleased, but we're not there to be there. So that's why we're not getting out over our skis on where we are on it. But I feel really good about the amount of movement we made through the quarter. 
Kyle White : Got it. Thank you for all the details.
Operator: Thank you. Then I'd like to turn the call back over to Mark Sutton for closing comments. 
End of Q&A:
Mark Sutton: Thank you operator. I'd just like to close by really saying thank you to all the International Paper team members employees around the world what they're doing every day for our customers and what they're doing every day for each other. To stay safe and to operate in environments that I don't think any of them ever thought they'd be operating in and they continue to do an outstanding job. I'd just like to close by reiterating a couple of comments I made. We think the second half of this year is clearly transitory. We're taking the actions we need to take, pulling the levers we need to pull to make sure International Paper gets through this period in a very good way. And I'm really pleased with the kind of financial underpinnings we have entering into any type of economic environment. We have a lot of opportunity and flexibility even at lower demand levels. And in some cases, there could be a silver lining and the fact that it allows us to get some of our supply chain dysfunction back into a proper alignment. The strong balance sheet gives us options. So we can continue to make organic investments in structural cost reduction and in strategic capacity and capability. In the past we would have probably had to stop some of that, just to manage the balance sheet. There's no meaningful debt for the foreseeable future that we need to deal with. So we've got a lot of risk off the table. We're built for this type of environment and we're built for a strong environment. And I feel good about our ability to get through it. Look forward to talking to you with our full year call at the end of January. So thank you for your interest in International Paper.
Operator: Then ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in International Paper's third quarter 2022 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you'll have an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Mark Nellessen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mark Nellessen: Thank you, Paul. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2022 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide two, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is also available on our website. Our website also contains copies of our second quarter 2022 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on slide three. In the second quarter, International Paper delivered strong revenue growth and earnings growth on both a year-over-year and sequential basis, all while expanding our margins. In addition, our second quarter earnings were better than our prior outlook, driven by strong price realization, solid operating performance, and cost benefits. All of this helped us overcome significantly higher input costs, especially for energy, chemicals, and distribution. Our mills and converting system performed very well as we managed through continued logistics constraints, which negatively impacted our operating costs. We successfully executed our second highest maintenance quarter of the year and have completed about 65% of our planned maintenance in the first half of the year. Demand for our products was impacted by a shift in consumer spending from goods to services in the quarter, while the retail channel managed through elevated inventories. In addition, our businesses continue to focus on serving our customers' needs, while navigating through a challenging supply chain and labor environment. We made good progress on building a better IP initiatives. We achieved $65 million of earnings in the quarter for a total of $105 million during the first half of the year. Given our strong momentum, we expect to achieve the high end of our full year target of $200 million to $225 million. We are excited by the opportunities we have identified to significantly lower our cost structure and accelerate profitable growth. On capital allocation, we returned $565 million to shareholders in the second quarter, including 395 million of share repurchases. As a result, we've returned more than $1.1 million of cash to shareholders so far this year. This highlights the choices that our strong balance sheet and cash generation provide us. On our last call, I mentioned that we were pursuing strategic options for our equity investment in the Ilim Group, which includes possibly selling our 50% stake. We have engaged advisors and are actively working with interested parties. We've made good progress during the second quarter and have identified serious options that we believe could be attractive. As I mentioned before, the complexity of the situation and our JV structure impacts the pace of reaching a resolution. We will provide another update when there is more information to share. Turning to the second quarter results on slide four, revenue increased by 13% year-over-year, driven by strong price realization across our two business segments. Operating earnings per share improved by just over 50% versus last year. And margins improved in the second quarter as strong price realization more than offset higher distribution input cost and we delivered additional benefits from our Building a Better IP initiatives. Free cash flow was lower in the quarter due to higher working capital use as we grew revenues and replenished inventories coming out of our highest maintenance outage season. In addition, both prior periods included a dividend from our equity ownership at Ilim. Looking to the rest of the year, we expect further margin expansion as continued realization of prior price increases outpaces higher input costs. In addition, we stepped down from our highest maintenance outage quarters of the year and also expect additional earnings growth from our Building a Better IP initiatives. As a result, I'm confident we will achieve our full year targets for EBITDA and free cash flow, which remain unchanged. I'll turn the call over to Tim who will cover our business sector performance and outlook. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide five which is our sequential earnings bridge. As Mark mentioned, we generated strong earnings growth in the second quarter in the prior quarter and prior year, driven by strong price realization and execution of our Building a Better IP initiatives. Second quarter operating earnings per share were $1.24 as compared to $0.76 in the first quarter. Price and mix improved by about $206 million, or $0.40 per share with strong price realization in both business segments and across all channels. Volume was relatively flat sequentially in our Industrial Packaging segment and Global Cellulose Fibers, fluffed up shipments continued to be constrained by ongoing vessel delays. Operations and costs improved sequentially as our mills and converting system performs well. In the second quarter, we received $16 million of insurance recovery related to Prattville. In addition, one-time items for things like lower employee benefits costs, medical claims, and workers' comp contributed favorably to operations and cost. These one-time items added about $80 million or $0.16 per share, which will not repeat in the third quarter. We successfully completed our second highest maintenance outage quarter of the year and 65% of our annual maintenance program for the first half of the year. Input costs were about $100 million, or $0.20 per share in second quarter, driven by higher energy, chemicals and distribution costs, in large part because of higher diesel fuel prices. On slide 33 of the appendix, we provide details on our consumption by key inputs including natural gas, which was also a significant costs headwind and the quarter. Corporate and other items included benefits from lower tax expense and a lower share count. Lastly, equity earnings for stable versus the prior quarter. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on slide six. Looking at the second quarter performance, we delivered meaningful revenue growth and margin expansion. Price and mix was strong and better than our expectations due to a faster than expected implementation of our March price increase and higher export prices. Our volume was flat sequentially and below last year's strong comp. As Mark mentioned earlier, we saw a shift in consumer spending from goods and services and the retail channel managed through elevated inventories which then impacted box demand across segments like e-commerce and shipping and distribution, durables, and other non-durables. We firmly believe these segments will continue to grow over time and that IP is well-positioned to grow with them. In addition, the tight labor environment continues to constrain our box system. We're experiencing this especially in regions where we're consistently operating our plants on weekends to serve elevated demand from segments like e-commerce and shipping and distribution that have grown significantly during the last couple of years. Going forward, we will continue to focus on further optimizing our system by improving staffing levels and investing across the system to serve the growing demand of our customers. Operations in cost improved sequentially. Our mills and box system ran very well and we successfully executed as our second highest maintenance outage of the year. The business also benefited from additional insurance recovery of $16 million related to Prattville and the one-time items I mentioned earlier like proximately $60 million. Operating costs remain elevated due to ongoing logistics constraints. However, we are in a much better position to navigate this environment with healthier system inventories. Input cost were significant headwind in the second quarter and higher than our expectations due to higher costs for energy chemicals and distribution. We expect these elevated costs to persist in the third quarter. These cost headwinds are even more significant for our Packaging business in Europe where input costs in the second quarter or $45 million higher than the second quarter of last year. About 70% of that headwind was from higher energy costs where natural gas prices have averaged about five times normal historical level. Turning to slide seven and staying with North American Industrial Packaging, we're focused on continuing to grow earnings by restoring margins to historical levels in the low 20% range. We've made solid progress in the quarter and delivered a 19% margin, up from just over 15% in the first quarter despite higher than expected input costs. We're still confident we can achieve our target; however, the additional input cost inflation may influence the timing. Our mills and box plants operated very well. Containerboard inventories across our system are back to sufficient levels, so we're better positioned to proactively manage through the ongoing supply chain constraints. As I said earlier, we will deploy an investment strategy that further enhances our capabilities and footprint to grow with our customers, while generating attractive financial returns on these investments. This is a key part of Building a Better IP and an example of this is the Greenfield Box plant that we're building in Southeast Pennsylvania which is expected to start up early next year. In addition, our Building a Better IP initiatives are also focused on structurally reducing costs and deploying commercial strategies to improve mix and margins. Moving on to Global Cellulose Fibers on slide eight, I'll start with an update on the demand environment and supply chain. Demand for fluff pulp remains solid across all regions. Our confidence reflects the essential role of absorbent hygiene products and meeting customer needs. In addition, we expect the supply demand environment for fluff to remain favorable near-term. Feedback from our customers continues to indicate the fluff pulp inventories are near historic lows. Supply chains continue to remain stretched, driven by ongoing port congestion and vessel delays and we expect these challenging conditions to continue for the foreseeable future. Taking a look at the second quarter performance, price and mix improved by $53 million due to successful execution of previously announced price increases, with solid momentum as we entered the third quarter. Volume in the quarter was stable. I would note that backlogs remain high and are about double our normalized levels due to the logistics challenges. Our mills continue to run well, ops and costs are better in the quarter as the business benefited from one-time items I mentioned earlier by approximately $20 million. Lastly, input costs increased by $22 million sequentially. About 65% of the additional costs was the result of higher energy prices with the remainder coming from higher chemicals and freight. Turning to slide nine, I want to reaffirm that Global Cellulose Fibers remains well-positioned to deliver cost of capital returns in the third and fourth quarters of this year. As I said earlier, we have a favorable supply demand outlook for fluff pulp with price realization from prior increase accelerating as we move through the year. I would also note that as part of Building a Better IP, we're focused on driving structural margin improvement by ensuring we get the paid value we provide to our customers and aligning with the most attractive regions and segments to deliver profitable growth. We are also making solid progress in our fluff pulp contract negotiations, which we anticipate will provide additional commercial benefits as we move into 2023. Turning to slide 10, I'd like to update you on Building a Better IP set of initiatives. We're making solid progress and delivered $65 million in earnings in the second quarter for a total of $105 million for the first half of the year. Given the strong momentum, we're on track to achieve the high end of our full year target. About half the benefits today are from our lean effectiveness initiatives. By streaming streamlining our corporate and staff functions to realign with our more simplified portfolio, we have already offset 100% of the dis-synergies from the printing paper spend. And we have line of sight to additional savings from initiatives targeting lower overhead spending and further optimization. We're designing the organization to support a packaging-focused company with a more focused footprint. We believe our process optimization initiatives have the potential to significantly reduce costs across our operations by leveraging advanced technology and data analytics. Over the past year, dedicated teams have been working with outside experts to identify opportunities and develop new tools and capabilities to increase efficiency and reduce costs in areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics, and sourcing. We're beginning to scale these capabilities across our system, which we believe will yield significant savings as we go through 2023. And finally, strategy acceleration is about delivering profitable growth through commercial and investment excellence. As I mentioned earlier, we're focused on profitably growing our North American Packaging business by improving margins and investing for organic growth. We're further optimizing our European operations by improving performance and increasing integration of our Madrid Mail Inbox System. And we're well on our way to achieve cost to capital returns and our Global Cellular Fibers business by realizing more value for absorbent pulp. In summary, Building a Better IP is about driving structural margin improvement and profitable growth. Turning to slide 11, I'll cover our third quarter outlook. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to improve by $40 million on realization of prior [indiscernible]. Volume is expected to increase by $10 million, with one more day sequentially and stable demand. Ops and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $75 million, largely due to the non-repeat of the one-time favorable items I mentioned earlier. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $41 million. And lastly, input costs are expected to increase by $30 million. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to improve by $60 million on the realization the prior increases. As a reminder, price realization in this segment has a two to three quarter lag. We're running on the longer end of that range right now due to the ongoing vessel delays. Volume is expected to remain stable sequentially. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $30 million, due to non-repeat favorable one-time items in the second quarter and timing of spending. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $24 million. And lastly, input costs are expected to increase by $5 million. Looking to our full year outlook on slide 12. We remain confident in our full year EBITDA outlook of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion and our free cash flow target of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. We generated strong revenue growth and margin expansion in the second quarter, exceeding our earnings outlook for the quarter, which provides solid momentum as we enter the second half of the year. We expect demand for Corrugated Packaging to remain stable and Cellulose Fibers, we see a continued favorable supply/demand backdrop for fluff pulp. We continue to realize benefits across the portfolio from the implementation of current price increases, while distribution and input costs are expected to stabilize later this year at elevated levels. As I mentioned earlier, we are also confident in achieving $225 million of gross earnings from our Building a Better IP initiatives. Regarding capital expenditures we have lowered our full year estimate by $100 million due to extended lead-times on equipment purchases. Despite these equipment delays, we are committed to investing in our business to support strategic growth opportunities and to structurally reduce our costs. Let me turn to slide 13 and take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in the second quarter. Starting with the balance sheet, as I said last quarter, we're very pleased with the progress we've made to strengthen our balance sheet. As a reminder, we reduce debt by $2.5 billion in 2021 and more than $4 billion over the past two years. With these actions, our 2021 year end leverage was 2.3 times on a Moody's basis, which is below our target range of 2.5 to 2.8 times and looking ahead, we have limited medium term maturities was about $900 million do over the next five years. Returning cash to shareholders as a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the second quarter we returned $565 million to shareholders, including $395 million through share repurchases, which represents 8.7 million shares or about 2.3% of shares outstanding. As a result, we've returned more than $1.1 billion of cash to shareholders so far this year. At the end of the second quarter, we had $2.1 billion remaining in share repurchase authorization. Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash. As I mentioned, we are targeting CapEx of $1 billion, which includes funding for strategic projects and our Packaging business to build out capabilities and capacity in our box system to drive profitable growth. We also plan to increase funding for cost reduction projects with expected returns in excess of 25%. We will continue to be disciplined and selective when assessing M&A opportunities that may supplement our goal of accelerating profitable growth. You can expect M&A to focus primarily on bolt on opportunities in our Packaging Business in North America and Europe. Any potential opportunity we pursue must be compelling long-term value for our shareholders. The slide 14, I want to highlight the strength and resiliency of International Paper going forward. With this as a backdrop I'm confident IP will navigate any economic environment from a position of strength. We have a very strong balance sheet, which we will preserve because we believe it's core to our capital obligation framework. Our strong balance sheet ensures financial stability and optionality and softer economic environments and it's the foundation to create significant value throughout the economic cycle. As a result, we can continue to return cash to shareholders in a meaningful way through a sustainable and competitive dividend and through opportunistic share repurchases. We can also proactively invest in our business throughout the cycle to create significant value by reducing costs and by developing the capabilities we need to meet the growing demands of our customers. Our large system of mills and box plants provides us with added advantage of flexibility and optionality. We've demonstrated our ability to optimize our cost structure throughout different demand environments by making more of our costs less fixed and more variable. For example, we can increase utilization across our system during strong demand environments and if demand moderates, we can shift production to our lowest cost operations and shed high marginal costs across the system based on regional costs for fiber, energy, and supply chain. We also have levers to manage working capital needs to align with the demand signal. One last point, as I talked about our competence in delivering our Building a Better IP initiatives, we have line of sight to these opportunities and believe they are largely within our control and not dependent on economic tailwind. In summary, the strength and resiliency at IP enables us to consistently create significant value for our shareholders over the cycle. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Tim, thanks for covering the details on the business outlook and our capital allocation progress. This is a really exciting time for International Paper and I continue to be proud of our team and the work that they do every day in every area of the company. Sitting here midway through the year, I'm confident in our earnings outlook for 2022 and in our ability to deliver strong earnings growth this year. I'm also very pleased with our progress and momentum in Building a Better IP and I'm confident our team is focused on taking our performance to the next level. As Tim pointed out in his remarks earlier, these initiatives are largely within our control and will create structural earnings improvement for IP over the next couple of years. And finally, we're mindful of the uncertainty surrounding the macro environment, I'm very certain about the resiliency of International Paper. During the past few years, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility. This strong foundation makes IP well-positioned for success throughout a wide spectrum of economic environments. With that operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Seaport Research Partner and the line of Mark Weintraub. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Good morning. Question on what you're seeing in the corrugated box business. I think you mentioned that retail, they were working through elevated inventories your customers, where do you think you might be in that process? Also at any more color on that that comment you made goods to services? And relatedly you talked about flattish volumes in the third quarter. Was that a sequential relative to second quarter? Was that a year-over-year wrapping? Because I think your second quarter documents were somewhat lower than your third quarter from a year ago?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Hey, Mark, its Tim. Yes, it is sequential down a little bit year-over-year. So, I mean, it's a good question about time to work off excess inventories. And what we're seeing, I guess our belief is hearing from customers that we think it's going to take a little bit more time. There have been some shifts, more travel, less purchase of goods that we've noticed. Also just unit volume through retail, as people adjust given the high inflation rates, so, but it seems like that was a fairly quick shift as people are making day-to-day decisions. And so our view is we're in the third quarter, is that it's going to be roughly flat from second to third.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, and obviously did great on price and mix, just one clarification, when you had been giving us kind of expectations on cost and operations, had that been including the one-time $80 million in total, or how much of that might have been in your guidance?
Timothy Nicholls: If we know about it, we included sometimes things come through just better than expected in its timing. I mean, some of it was probably expected not to hit until the third quarter. And so it happens in the second, it's not going to happen again. So, when you think about the one time you think about two and three together, I think we're about where we thought we were going to be.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, that was a mix. Some of the you're expecting, but not all of it, is that fair?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, right.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we go to Wells Fargo Securities and the line of Gabe Hajde. Please go ahead.
Gabe Hajde: Hey Mark, Tim, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. One on CapEx, I think it came down about $100 million from what you're previously expecting. And I'm curious, I mean, kind of given inflation that we're seeing, I would expect just maybe a little bit of a natural tendency upwards? Is this a reflection of anything that you're seeing in the business in terms of willingness to put capital to work, being conservative or are there projects that you just kind of push to the right maybe to 2023 until you get better visibility into the business?
Mark Sutton: That's a great question Gabe. This is Mark. Its purely on ability to actually spend your money. Fair amount of our capital is investments in our Packaging business, which is new plans for new equipment. And what we're hearing from our vendors is the backlog for some of that equipment, push some of our spending out. We do see escalation and if we could do everything we wanted to do in the calendar year of 2022, we'd probably be looking at raising our capital, but it's really just an ability to get the items we need purchased. It's less about installation labor, it's more about new OEM equipment, which is a big part of our non-maintenance capital, and most all of it is in the box business. So, we'd spend it if we could, is a simple way to say it, no change in strategy. No, change in our focus, just the ability to get all of that done and account for it in the calendar year 2022.
Gabe Hajde: Right, thank you. And then I guess in terms of end markets within corrugated, you mentioned retail as one and I guess e-commerce is sort of moderating. Are you seeing anything on the export markets? I mean, one of the things that they were kind of keeping an eye out for is obviously to the extent they're rolling capacity outages over in Europe because of energy availability and/or costs. Maybe the export lever kind of ticks up for you guys, anything there?
Timothy Nicholls: On export, I'll talk first and then containerboard. On pulp, as I mentioned in the comments, supply/demand fundamentals remain very strong. We try to look through by region as much as we can to gauge inventories and, of course, we talked to customers and what they're telling us and inventory levels look like they're at historic lows at the moment. So, we expect underlying demand to continue to be strong, globally for fluff pulp and certainly supply chain is contributing to that because the vessel delays are really not much better than they have been for past several quarters. On containerboard, I think you're referencing Europe. We are going down in the third quarter into a seasonally slower period of time in Europe, we saw solid demand and we saw a price increase through the second quarter. It may moderate a moment just as a seasonally slow period, but we don't see any significant underlying weakness there.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we go to Bank of America and the line of George Staphos. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details and thanks for taking my question, guys. I guess the first question I had, obviously, IP has been spending more, understandably, on the box network and additional converting. You've had mill projects like Riverdale, can you remind us on where in your capital budget? You think you'll need to spend just on fiber lines and recovery boilers? How do you see your fleet there? Will there be any incremental investment that's required there or not? And kind of the related if you will corrugated question. You were answering Dave's question earlier on, on exports. How do you see some of your other domestic markets in particular? What are you hearing right now from your from your ag and protein customers? We're just seeing two key what's the outlook for next year, given what have been some of the drought conditions that have been discussed? And I had one follow-on.
Timothy Nicholls: So George, on the capital spending, we take a longer term view on capital. I think what you're talking about would be what we characterize as maintenance capital, that there's nothing that we're looking at in terms of major back ended mill types of expansions or additions. So we probably been a little bit lower in the past couple of years on maintenance. It's up this year, but it kind of normalizes in that roughly $500 million a year range. So, -- and again, on maintenance, we take a five-year view. And so it does ebb and flow just because of timing of when equipment needs to be taken down and maintain some of that periodic -- some of it's on an annual basis, but I wouldn't call out anything exceptional around the capital part. And then what was the second part of your question? I'm sorry.
George Staphos: It's just a box market domestically in particular, we're probing is protein markets. What are you hearing from customers now and into 2023 given drought conditions, and what that can mean for amongst other things, cattle raising, and production as a result?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I think on protein, we expect poultry to be strong, most popular form of protein and given cost increases across all the protein. Maybe there's a shift from beef and pork to poultry. So, we think we think generally a protein should be okay. Poultry should probably be the beneficiary in the foreseeable future.
Mark Sutton: I think the drought comments, George is primarily in beef issue because they'll have to process some of the cattle early. But it doesn't affect the availability as much on things like poultry. It affects obviously, the price of feed and the cost of those products. But it's the beef issue where they will have to pull forward the slaughter of a certain amount of the herd earlier than they would like.
George Staphos: Thanks a lot. My last one and I'll turn it over. So, overall, I realize you don't want to make this too formal and guidance or an algebra class. Our takeaway from your discussion earlier on the outlook should be that if we added our numbers, right, we're looking at sort of flattish sequential performance in industrial and we kind of a $50 million-ish increase in pulp, would that be correct? And when do you ultimately see on the pulp side the supply chains normalizing, is that something fourth quarter -- I realize it's ultimately a who knows. But when are your contacts like that that should normalize? So, thanks for that and good luck in the quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I'd say you're in the ballpark and the way you're thinking about it, George, on supply chains. I think you had that right too, who knows. One port seems to improve and another port seems to deteriorate and we've seen it both on the East Coast where it's very important for the fluff pulp business. The West Coast ports have knock on effects for sometimes, but it seems to be just moving port forward.
Mark Sutton: And George -- Tim's, right, I mean, we look at it very, very closely because of the export posture of our Cellulose Fibers. We honestly can't see any market improvement calendar year 2022. So, we're probably looking into 2023 when maybe there's some balanced returns to vessel shipping and port throughput. But we -- maybe we're wrong, but we definitely don't see anything on the horizon as far as we can really look.
George Staphos: Thank you, Mark. Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. And next we go to the line of Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Morning.
Timothy Nicholls: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: I want to just turn to cellulose specialties for a minute and try and unpack getting the cost of capital there because it sounds like first of all, if you're outed essentially kind of a three quarter price lag, what we saw in the second quarter is probably more indicative of what we would have seen last year in the third quarter, in terms of kind of net price. And I guess I'd like to have you just unpack for us that lags and pricing. And then the things you're doing to try to improve the business, because just look at the prices that are posted right now. They're at the high end at a historic range. So, I'm just trying to get some comfort in if and when pulp rolls over, that you're actually going to be able to maintain close to capital returns?
Mark Sutton: I think on the unpacking part of your question; the two to three quarter lag is an all-in, part of that is obviously spot by definition goes up immediately on the placement order. And then there's different levels of contracts with customers. And when you put it all together, announced price of x is actually equal to x two to three quarters later. So, we've got a got our business part and contract part and spot and that's why you see a unique realization, scheduled for IP that may not look like anybody else's. So, that's also what provides that dynamic of the contract. These also provides the resilience on any kind of turnover in in pricing, just like it slowed it all the way up and slows way down. So, I think when we have the second half in the books, there'll be two quarters in a row at, you know, above cost of capital performance or right at cost of capital performance. We've made some structural changes in our go to market strategy, regionally on the spot side, and just contractually on the large customer contract side, which will still be in effect in a different pulp market. So, we think through a cycle, the purpose of work we've been doing is to have this business perform at the cost of capital through a normal business cycle. Tim set it in kind of strange language we are working and have made tremendous progress. We're working to get paid for the value of the absorbent pulp that it provides in the end products. And that hasn't always been the case.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's for my follow on market. I would just like to follow-up on your comments around both on M&A in industrial packaging in North America and Europe. I’m just curious would bolt-on rule out sort of a large deal, like you were looking at in Europe three or four years ago?
Mark Sutton : Yes, that's not bolt -- that wouldn't be what we would consider bolt-on. Bolt on, think about this -- think about it this way Mark, in Europe, we have a smaller business a $1.5 in revenue roughly. And we've done some single and multiple plant acquisitions to build an integrated network around our new containerboard mill Madrid. So natural synergy to an existing part of our business, but we did enter a new a new market. We entered the Portugal market. We didn't have anything there before, but it's integrated to the Madrid mill. So that would be bolt-on, and in the US a much bigger business. So it could be more synergistic with a containerboard and box system, but not transformational. I think what we've been saying for a while is this is the first time IP has been in a position with a balance sheet like we have with a much more streamlined portfolio, and to businesses that have a right to win in their respective markets. And we're going to run with that strategy. Now there's no need for transformational activity. We went through a lot of that. We undid some of it, and we got a company we really like right now. And now it's about getting it to its full potential.
Mark Wilde: Okay, and is there any way in North America, Mark, just that help us a little bit in thinking about sort of regulatory barriers on your growth in the containerboard business?
Mark Sutton : It's hard to say, a lot of time has passed since the last time we made any meaningful move, but there's no real reason we can't grow our converting and box business. And you've seen how we've chosen. Everyone has seen how we've chosen to grow our containerboard system to match that box. And that's been mostly through organic activity. And so I don't know the answer to your question, because we haven't tested it. It was an issue back in 2012, where we did get pushback on how much we were trying to acquire. But that was a long time ago. But our focus right now, honestly, is we have enough containerboard for the foreseeable future, we did to Riverdale mill. We've gotten more opportunity in our current fleet to make more containerboard. It's really about making sure we have the box business configured both with assets and with people. And we're short on both of those right now to be able to actually grow at a minimum with the market. Some of that's regional, but on average, we don't have enough of either to really grow with a two plus percent market. And that's what we want to do. We have the containerboard to do that.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And fair enough. I'll turn it over. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Then next from Deutsche Bank, Kyle White. Please go ahead.
Kyle White : Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. In industrial packaging in North America, you talked about some of the labor challenges, but I'm just curious how you would characterize your overall network from an efficiency standpoint versus maybe a year ago, you've had a lot of headwinds over the past year from disruption. Is there still more to go on that front in terms of making the network more efficient, that could produce better margins in no lower marginal cost production?
Mark Sutton : And Kyle, it's a great question. We're running very well, right now. The issues we had in the mill system last year with the interruptions at the beginning of the year, and the end of the year, and our low inventories in our box plants, we've largely put all of that behind us, the box plants are running very well for all the efficiency metrics like throughput that the margin would generate per hour of production time, where we are challenged is in certain regions, we just don't have enough people. So we ended up making that up with overtime, which is not a long-term sustainable solution, a certain amount is but not too much. So we need some plants that are not running as many shifts as it is they couldn't be running for the demand. That's where people come in. And then in certain parts of the country, upper Midwest, area in Southwest Texas, we need more physical assets, as well as people. And that's what we're working on the assets through our CapEx investment plan. And on the people side, working very hard to hire and retain new employees so that we can run out the assets we have in a more sustainable way, not just working every weekend, and run to the order book that we have. So efficiency is fine. The total available capacity we have with equipment and people is not where we want to be.
Kyle White : Got it. And then Georgetown mill, you have that supply agreement with the Sylvamo that can be terminated here in the next six months or so. Any kind of early thoughts about that supply agreement?
Mark Sutton: Yes. Not right now. I got confused. I think Georgetown may be a little bit longer. I think Riverdale is a little bit shorter, but yes, there's nothing new to report at this moment.
Kyle White : That's good. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. The next we go to KeyBanc and line of Adam Josephson. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson : Mark and Tim, good morning. Thanks very much. Hope you're well. For either of you, can you help me with what you're box shipment expectations were heading into the quarter compared to the down 3.6% that you experienced. And can you walk us through the progression of demand trends during the quarter and then into July and how that's informing your expectation that shipments excluding the one extra shipping day will be flattish sequentially?
Mark Sutton : Yes, I think, obviously, we thought there were going to be a little bit stronger as we were going through the quarter seem to -- the adjustments seems to take place. And I'd say, the second half of May and a little bit into June, I think it's a reaction to things we talked about earlier. Inflation is real. People are making choices. And there's -- as we've read and heard, heard from our customers, there's a lot of inventory and pipelines that needs to be worked off. So but it seems to stabilize and seems to stay the stable around the same level as we go through July. Our view is sequentially. It should be roughly flat quarter-on-quarter, obviously, down a little bit versus last year, but stable quarter-over-quarter.
Adam Josephson : Right. And I appreciate that. But just the inflation, obviously, these pressures haven't gone away at all. In fact, if anything, all these CPG companies are just raising prices even more, everyone's raising prices more, it seems like so. And obviously Walmart just got it down. And so they still have too much inventory of general merchandise because people are under so much pressure, the cost of food and consumables is up so much. So with those pressures don't seem to be abating in the least. So I guess why would box demand stabilized now?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we look at our mix of business, and we talk to our customers. And then we have the experience of how we ended the quarter. And how’s continued in July. So based on that we have a view that through the third quarter, and there's always some seasonal puts and takes, but we have a view that within a margin of error, it's a roughly flat what we have the second quarter.
Adam Josephson : Got it. Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. And next Truist Securities, Mike Roxland. Please go ahead.
Mike Roxland : Thanks, Mark and Tim for taking the questions. Just like to understand, you mentioned faster implementation of the March price increase, but what's driving that?
Mark Sutton : Faster implementation, I think it's consistent with prior increases that were implemented, it's the security of supply. And people want to get that, for the longest time wanted to make sure they had boxes and just making sure that there's no disruption to their operations. So we -- the first price for several price increases were the fastest we've seen on any historical comparison. And this last one seems to be going at the same pace. By the end of the third quarter, we'll have most of it done. There's a little bit of residue or residual that falls over into the fourth quarter, but so far, it's continuing as the prior increases.
Mike Roxland : Got it. Makes sense. And then just one follow-up from some of the prior questions in your commentary regarding some inventory destocking. Obviously, I really got to put and takes it's in the details. This will make the deadlines versus long variable. But ultimately, they need -- I assume understand you guys need to see some benefits from omni-channel as well. So maybe you're getting some wins from increased maybe interactivity. So can you talk about any shifts that you'd be making your own business to offset the decline in e-commerce and some of the markets you mentioned?
Mark Sutton : I'm sorry. You broke up just a little bit. Could you just repeat the last part of that, please?
Mike Roxland : Sure. I'm just wondering -- no problem at all. I'm just wondering, if you're making any shifts in your business to account for some of the weakness that you're seeing in your end markets. And realizing that there is -- there are puts and takes with some of the inventory stocking durable items versus nondurable. So, meaning, if you're making any shifts in your business to offset those that weakness to capitalize on positive yield growth areas.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Okay. Appreciate that. Yeah. On the durables, it's really a very small part of our mix. And we're always looking -- we manage a very active S&OP process, and we're always looking at how we run our system. I would say that while demand softened a little bit as we went through the second quarter and our view is for it to be stable quarter-to-quarter, the supply chain constraints are real, and it's extending supply chains. And so part of the effort over the past years with those difficulties to get inventories back to a sufficient level, which may be elevated to historical levels. I mean, we're looking at four, five, six days additional time to move product between mills and box plants. So it's very dynamic at the moment. We're just trying to make sure that the inventory levels we have are sufficient for this type of service requirements that we have to our customers.
Mike Roxland : Thank you. Good luck on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Jefferies, we'll go to the line of Phil Ng. Please go ahead.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Tim, I appreciate you highlighting the strength of your balance sheet and the free cash flow profile of your business. Just curious from a returning cash back to shareholders, which you guys have done a great job this year, how are you guys kind of balancing between stock buybacks just given where your stock is and then growing that dividend? And I guess, as we kind of look out to 2023, if there is a recession, your level of confidence of maintaining your dividend through a potential downturn.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah. Well, we want the dividend to be sustainable. That is first and foremost attractive, but also sustainable. So we take a look at it. We're just starting the process now. We look at it on an ongoing basis, but -- and more depth over the summer. And we usually, if there are any changes or if it remains the same, we communicate that in the third and fourth quarter. I think right now that's work to be done, and the conversation with our Board and our Board is very active in terms of how we how we think through total capital allocation. So there'll be more to come on that later. I think we feel good about share repurchases. We've tried to be very opportunistic. And yes, it's a powerful number that we've returned so far through six months this year.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Phil, if I could just add to Tim's comments, we really haven't changed the guidelines for our dividend after the changes in our portfolio. We still target the 40% to 50% of free cash flow, and we think that's the right amount. We continuously evaluate that with our Board. We listen to what investors have to say about it. What's different in our capital allocation, of course, is the ability to consistently at the right value have a share repurchase flow of cash back to shareholders. That's not episodic. It can be more consistent when it makes sense. The cash is there. And Tim talked about it in his prepared remarks around our ability to operate our system in different economic conditions. So wide open when it needs to be less than wide open and shedding marginal cost. And so when we think about potential downturns, there's always a question of how long and how deep. But just say a potential normal downturn, we have no concerns about the cash generation, the dividend or any of the real important capital allocation. Even CapEx, I mean, we've not been in a position to just say we're going to go and we're going to do what's right for the long term of the company even in a slowdown, and we feel very good about that right now.
Timothy Nicholls: There are -- and I don't know if we're officially in a recession or not or what will come, but there are countercyclical benefits that offset sometimes downdrafts and economic activity, month for earnings and cash, when you think about input costs, so on the earnings side and you think about working capital on the cash side.
Phil Ng: Super. And then, Mark, I mean, your point about how you guys have kind of retool the footprint and manage that fixed cost. Variable cost dynamic is important. It was actually my next question. Remind us if you had to take economic downtime to kind of keep the market balance, how should we think about that flow through? I mean, I think I have a pretty dated number, but I thought it was roughly in that $150 per tonne range if you had to take downtime to kind of keep things balanced. But give us an update that would be super helpful.
Mark Sutton: I think that's still a reasonably good number. I mean there's obviously some noise in the variable cost side of given all the inflation. But I think that's probably still a good number from a modeling or planning standpoint. It obviously won't be exactly that, but it's in the neighborhood.
Phil Ng: Okay. Super. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from UBS and the line of Cleve Rueckert. Please go ahead.
Cleve Rueckert: Hey, great. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Appreciate it. I don’t want to split hairs here, but I did notice on the margins in Industrial Packaging, it looks like there was a slight change in the slides on the timing of that sort of 20% target, the 20% plus target that you're laying out there seem to be highlighted in the second half anymore. First of all, I'm just wondering if that was intentional. And if it was, given the pricing and the confidence in the Build a Better IP, how should we take that to mean that the ongoing cost inflation is just resulting in a little bit more uncertainty on the margin?
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think that we had more input cost pressure in the second quarter, and we see that continuing at a slower pace. But continuing in the third we think it does stabilize, level out as we go through the second half of the year. But I think it's just -- it's not anything more than just timing based on swift movement of inputs, and it takes a little bit longer to recover as we continue to implement the price increase.
Cleve Rueckert: All right. Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess just following up quickly on the costs. The prepared materials, you say distribution stabilized at elevated levels. I think in the quarterly bridge, you talked about another $100 million of sequential headwinds going into Q3. I mean, just to clarify that. Ultimately, as you're thinking about it right now, does that -- when we're thinking about the bridge from Q3 to Q4, is that input cost sort of flat, which I think you're sort of alluding to, but just clarify on that. And then just be curious if there are any areas where you're starting to see costs release?
Mark Sutton: Not significant amounts of cost release. It seems some things flatten out and moderate just a little bit as we went through the second quarter and now that we're in July. But I think the way that you framed it up is how we're thinking about it. We see some more input cost pressure at a slower rate of increase in the third quarter than we saw in the second. And then I think as we go through late third quarter through the fourth quarter, we see more stabilization at these elevated levels.
Cleve Rueckert: All right. Thank you very much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Then I will now turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Mark Sutton, for closing remarks.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. And thank you for being with us today. As you could tell from our remarks and some of the Q&A, we're very confident and optimistic about the future of IP. We've reaffirmed our 2022 earnings outlook. We're making strong progress. We have a lot of momentum as we focus on Building a Better IP. We'll be at the upper end of that savings and earnings commitment for this year and we'll be well on our way into the targets we set for 2023 on that initiative. We've got a balance sheet and an overall financial strength of the company that we haven't had in a long time. That gives us a lot of flexibility. It also gives us a lot of ability to manage through the different economic scenarios that everybody is kind of trying to predict and plan for right now. We think we're ready for just about anything that can come, and we're going to perform very well through any scenario that we have in front of us. We think this all leads to our ability to really break through and accelerate value creation for our shareholders with a strong company, with a great employee team and the right -- and the ability to invest in the right ways without regard for any kind of temporary economic changes really positions us very well. So again, I thank you for your interest in International Paper, and we look forward to speaking with you again at the next quarterly update. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in International Paper's second quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn today's conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations. You go ahead, sir.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Charm. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers.  For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is also available on our website. Our website also contains copies of our first quarter 2022 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on Slide 3. International Paper's first quarter earnings were better than we had outlooked, driven by strong price realization and solid operations to overcome significantly higher input costs, especially for energy, chemicals and distribution. We also delivered strong cash from operations.  We delivered strong year-over-year and sequential revenue growth in the first quarter, driven by price realization from prior increases in our 2 business segments. Omicron-related constraints impacted volume in our Packaging business in January. Our shipments recovered as expected throughout the quarter with demand normalizing at elevated levels as we enter into the second quarter. Our mills and converting system performed well as we managed through continued logistics constraints, which negatively impacted operating. We executed our highest maintenance outage quarter of the year very well, and we expect to complete about 70% of our planned maintenance in the first half of the year. We achieved $40 million of earnings through our Building a Better IP initiatives, and we are confident in our full year target of $200 million to $225 million of gross incremental earnings in 2022.  We are excited by the opportunities we have to materially lower our cost structure and to accelerate profitable growth. Later on in our presentation, Tim will walk you through our first quarter progress.  On capital allocation, in the first quarter, we returned $580 million to shareowners, including $406 million of share repurchases. This highlights the choices that our strong balance sheet and cash generation provide for us.  Before we continue, I'd like to share some perspective on something that's top of mind. First and foremost, our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Ukraine. The stories, images and reports coming out of the country continue to be both tragic and troubling. Many of our own employees, especially those in Europe, have friends and family who are directly affected. As a way to help all the people impacted, we have continued to donate to support humanitarian relief efforts.  With respect to our Ilim joint venture, we announced last month that we were exploring options, including selling our 50% interest. We are pursuing the completion of this work with urgency from engaging external advisers to having discussions with interested parties. The complexity of our JV structure may impact the pace of reaching a resolution, but it will not affect the urgency of our efforts or our commitments to resolve the situation in a responsible way. As we move through this process, we will continue to comply with all regulations and sanctions, and we will update our stakeholders when there is more information to share.  Turning to first quarter results on Slide 4. Revenue increased by 14% year-over-year, driven by strong price realization in our 2 business segments. Operating earnings per share improved by just over 50% versus last year and we generated strong cash from operations. Margins in the first quarter were impacted by higher input costs and the execution of our highest maintenance outage quarter of the year.  We do expect margins to expand in the second quarter, with further expansion in the second half of the year as price realization outpaces higher input costs and as we step down from higher maintenance outage quarters later in the year.  I will now turn it over to Tim, who will cover our business performance and our outlook. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mark. I'm on Slide 5, which shows our sequential earnings bridge. First quarter operating earnings per share were $0.76 as compared to $0.78 in the fourth quarter. Price and mix improved by about $131 million or $0.27 per share, with strong price realization in both business segments and across all of our channels. Volume was slightly lower as expected due to seasonally lower demand in North America and the impact of Omicron in the early part of the first quarter.  In Global Cellulose Fibers, fluff pulp shipments were constrained by the ongoing vessel delays. Operations and costs were an $0.08 headwind in the quarter. Our mills and converting system performed well and we made excellent progress normalizing containerboard inventories across our network. We received $20 million of insurance recovery or about $0.04 per share related to Prattville. In Global Cellulose Fibers, ongoing logistics constraints impacted operating costs by about $25 million or $0.05 per share in the quarter.  We successfully completed our highest maintenance outage quarter of the year. These costs were in line with our outlook. And we expect to complete nearly 70% of our annual maintenance program in the first half of the year. Input costs rose sharply in the latter part of the first quarter, driven by higher energy, chemicals and distribution costs, mostly due to higher diesel fuel prices. These costs more than offset moderately lower recovered fiber costs.  On Slide 32 of the appendix, we provide details on our consumption of key inputs, including natural gas, which was a significant cost headwind in the quarter.  Moving to corporate expense. We improved by $0.05 per share sequentially. Lower corporate S&A was partly offset by higher tax. Corporate expenses also benefited from lower interest expense and a lower share count. Lastly, equity earnings improved sequentially. I'd also note that in the first quarter, we received the dividend from Ilim as expected.  Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 6. In North America, demand normalized in February and March as expected, following the labor impact from Omicron in the early part of the first quarter. Overall box demand in North America is stable as we enter the second quarter. Our mills and converting system performed well, and we replenished system inventories, which puts us in a much better position to optimize our cost as we navigate continued logistics constraints and poor carrier reliability.  Looking at first quarter performance. Price and mix was strong, driven by realization of our August price increase. Volume was lower sequentially due to slower seasonal demand and Omicron labor constraints in the early part of the first quarter. To put the Omicron impact into context, our January volume was down nearly double digits. As expected, our volume normalized at elevated levels following a very challenging January.  Volume across our U.S. channels continue to perform well. As a reminder, our U.S. channel include our U.S. box system, our open market containerboard customers and our equity partnerships with strategic sheet feeders. Operations and costs improved sequentially with overall performance significantly better than expected.  As I mentioned, our mills and converting system performed well, and we made good progress normalizing our system inventories. Operating costs remain elevated due to ongoing logistics constraints. However, we are in a much better position to navigate this environment with healthier system inventories. I would also note that operational cost includes $20 million of insurance recovery in the first quarter related to Prattville, which follows $40 million of insurance recovery we received in the fourth quarter.  We successfully completed our highest maintenance outage of the quarter and expect to incur nearly 70% of outage costs in the first half of the year. Lastly, input costs were a significant headwind in the first quarter relative to our expectations. In the latter part of the quarter, we experienced sharply higher costs for chemicals, energy and distribution. We anticipate these higher costs to persist in the second quarter.  Turning to Slide 7. As we look ahead in our North American Industrial Packaging business, we are making good progress restoring margins to our historical low 20% range. And we fully anticipate margins to expand in the second quarter and step up further in the second half of the year.  In the second quarter, we expect further benefits from the run rate of our August 2021 price increase as well as the initial benefits from our March 2022 price increase with further realization in the second half of the year. Our price realization is expected to outpace higher costs for energy, chemicals and distribution as we move through the second quarter and into the second half of the year.  Operationally, we've recovered from the system disruptions that affected us last year. Our mills and converting systems are performing well and labor across our box network continues to improve. Containerboard inventories across our system are back to normalized levels, which helps us proactively manage ongoing rail and truck constraints. And as mentioned, we will step down from the highest maintenance outage quarters. All of this gives us confidence in our path to restore margins as we move through the second quarter and into the second half of 2022.  Moving on to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 8. I'll start with a few comments on the demand environment and supply chain. We feel really good about the resiliency of demand for fluff pulp. Our confidence reflects the essential role of absorbent hygiene products for consumers. In addition, we expect the supply-demand environment for fluff to remain relative -- to remain highly favorable.  Feedback from our customers indicates that fluff pulp inventories are at historic lows. This is partly due to significantly stretched supply chains. To put this into context, schedule reliability for ocean vessels, which typically ranges from 70% to 80%, is currently running at 30% to 40%. Additionally, the average vessel delay that was historically 1 day is now 5 days. We expect these challenging conditions to continue for the foreseeable future.  Taking a look at first quarter performance. Price and mix improved by $17 million. I would note that the pace of price realization from our prior price increases is impacted by ongoing shipping delays. As a reminder, we export 80% to 90% of our pulp production with price realization typically achieved when the vessel sailed.  Volume in the quarter was stable. I would note that backlogs are about double our normalized levels due to the logistics challenges. Our mills ran well. However, operations and costs were a $45 million headwind in the quarter, with more than half of the unfavorable impact due to ongoing logistics challenges.  Higher seasonal costs related to energy consumption represented an additional $10 million headwind in the quarter. We also successfully completed the highest maintenance outage quarter of the year. And lastly, input costs increased by $50 million, sequentially split about evenly between wood, chemicals and energy.  Turning to Slide 9. Taking a closer look at our Global Cellulose Fibers business, we are well positioned to deliver cost of capital returns in the third and fourth quarters of this year. As I said earlier, we have a favorable demand-supply outlook for fluff pulp, with price realization from prior increases accelerating as we move through the year. Again, keep in mind that price realization in this business lags about 2 to 3 quarters. I would also note that we are making solid progress in our fluff pulp contract negotiations, which will provide additional commercial benefits as we move into 2023.  So now I'll turn to Slide 10 and our outlook for the second quarter. Starting with Industrial Packaging, we expect price and mix to improve by $75 million on realization of prior increases. Volume is expected to increase by $35 million on seasonally stronger demand. I would note that there is 1 less day sequentially. As we said earlier, volume is stable at elevated levels as we enter the second quarter. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $10 million, driven mostly by lower sequential Prattville insurance recovery.  Staying with Industrial Packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $60 million. And lastly, input costs are expected to increase by $50 million. Again, this is driven by higher energy, chemicals and distribution costs, mostly due to higher diesel fuel prices. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to improve by $50 million on realization of prior increases.  As a reminder, price realization in this segment has a 2- to 3-quarter lag. We're running on the longer end of that range right now due to the ongoing vessel delays. Volume is expected to decrease by $5 million. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $10 million, driven by logistics constraints. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $26 million. And again, lastly, input costs are expected to increase by $20 million, driven by higher energy, chemicals and distribution.  Turning to the full year outlook on Slide 11. We're confident in our full year EBITDA outlook of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion. Input costs for energy, chemicals and distribution rose sharply in the latter part of the first quarter. We successfully mitigated the impact and delivered earnings that were better than our outlook in the first quarter. Demand for corrugated packaging normalized at elevated levels following Omicron. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we see a favorable supply-demand backdrop for fluff pulp.  As we look ahead, we began to realize our March 2022 price increase in our North American Packaging business. Additionally, we anticipate margin recovery in our EMEA packaging businesses as box price begins to offset the higher energy and containerboard costs.  In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price realization to accelerate in the second quarter. All in, we anticipate margin expansion in the second quarter, with further acceleration in the second half of the year as price realization outpaces higher input costs. We will also step down from the highest maintenance outage quarters of the year with nearly 70% of our maintenance program completed in the first half.  We are also confident in achieving $200 million to $225 million of gross earnings from our Build a Better IP initiatives. As I said earlier, we are confident in returning to 20%-plus margins in our packaging business and delivering cost of capital returns in our Cellulose Fibers business in the second half of the year.  On Slide 12, I'll take a moment to update you on capital allocation actions in the first quarter. Starting with the balance sheet. As I said last quarter, we're very pleased with the progress we've made to strengthen our balance sheet. As a reminder, we reduced debt by $2.5 billion in 2021 and more than $4 billion over the past few years. With these actions, our 2021 year-end leverage was 2.3x on a Moody's basis, which is below our target range of 2.5 to 2.8x. And looking ahead, we have limited near-term maturities with about $900 million due over the next 5 years.  Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the first quarter, we returned $580 million to shareowners, including $406 million through share repurchases, which represents 8.9 million shares or about 2.4% of shares outstanding. At the end of the first quarter, we had $2.5 billion remaining in share repurchase authorization.  Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash generation. We're targeting CapEx of $1.1 billion this year, which includes funding for strategic projects in our Packaging business, to build out capabilities and capacity of the box system to drive profitable growth.  We also plan to increase funding for cost reduction projects with expected returns on those projects in excess of 25%. We will continue to be disciplined and selective when assessing M&A opportunities that may supplement our goal of accelerating profitable growth. You can expect M&A to focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities in our Packaging businesses in North America and Europe. Any potential opportunity we pursue must create compelling value for our shareholders.  One final comment on capital allocation. Last week, we monetized about half of our investment in Sylvamo with proceeds of $144 million. This reduces our ownership interest to about 10.5%.  Turning to Slide 13, I'll provide further detail on the work that we're doing around Building a Better IP. As you can see on the right side of the slide, we are also introducing a chart that will highlight our progress each quarter. We're confident in our Build a Better IP set of initiatives, which will deliver more than $200 million of gross incremental earnings in 2022. That represents more than 2x the dis-synergies resulting from the spin-off.  And our value drivers continue to ramp in 2023 and 2024, with net incremental earnings of $350 million to $430 million in 2024. Through the first quarter, we achieved $40 million of earnings improvement from dedicated teams working on more than 50 initiatives across the company. Approximately 70% of these initial results are coming from structural cost reductions.  By streamlining our corporate and staff functions to realign with our more simplified portfolio, we have already offset 100% of the dis-synergies from the Sylvamo spin. And we have line of sight to additional savings from initiatives targeting lower overhead spending and further optimization. We are designing the organization to support a packaging-focused company with a more focused footprint, which is what lean effectiveness is all about.  Taking a closer look at the other 2 drivers. We believe our process optimization initiative has potential to significantly reduce costs across our operations by leveraging advanced technology and data analytics. Over the past year, dedicated teams have been working with outside experts to identify opportunities and develop new tools and capabilities to increase efficiency and reduce costs in areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics and sourcing. We believe these opportunities are significant and we will begin scaling these capabilities across our system.  And finally, strategy acceleration is about delivering profitable growth through commercial and investment excellence. We are focused on profitably growing our North American box channel and optimizing our EMEA Packaging business through organic growth and targeted capital investments. We are also committed to delivering cost of capital financial returns in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. Through the first quarter, we have structurally improved margins in our GCF business by realizing more value for absorbent pulp through restructuring commercial contracts, and we're growing our specialty products through innovation.  We've also realized benefits from mix improvements in our North American Packaging business and further optimization of our European operations by improving performance and increasing integration of our Madrid mill and box system. As I mentioned earlier, there are dedicated teams working on many initiatives across the company that will drive structural earnings growth going forward.  We have good line of sight on the expected benefits for 2022 and beyond, and we'll continue to update you on our results going forward. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. This is an exciting time for International Paper. Our team is focused on Building a Better IP and accelerating performance. And while I'm mindful that there are real concerns on the macro environment, I'm very optimistic about the path we're charting to accelerate value creation, and let me share a few of the reasons why I'm optimistic.  First, I'm confident in our earnings outlook for the year and our ability to deliver strong earnings growth in 2022. Additionally, our focused portfolio and narrower geographic footprint has enabled our teams to focus on building a better IP. This is the first quarter in which we reported the earnings benefits from these initiatives. I'm very pleased with our progress and our momentum. We're on track to deliver $200 million to $225 million of incremental gross earnings this year.  And lastly, during the past few years, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength. We view this as foundational because it enables the execution of our capital allocation framework, which has a clear objective to accelerate value creation for our shareowners. We have a clear path and the team to make it happen.  Before we move to the question-and-answer segment, let me express my appreciation to Guillermo Gutierrez for his work heading up Investor Relations. Guillermo is moving to a new leadership role as Vice President and General Manager, leading our Latin American Packaging business. Mark Nelson has been named the new Vice President of Investor Relations. Mark has been with International Paper for 30 years and has served in leadership roles in finance and in general management. This transition is underway. So once again, many thanks to you, Guillermo.  With that, operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Congratulations on the progress on the operations. My 2 questions are centered around the box business. So Mark, you talked a lot about, understandably, improving the packaging focus of the business and the capabilities on converting and we understand that.  What are you doing on the sales and marketing side, the feet on the street to be able to leverage that increased capability both in terms of volume and ultimately in terms of margin? What are you doing in terms of changes in incentives, people you're adding? And then I had a follow-on.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. Yes, it's two parts. One is making sure we have our production system well aligned and we struggled a bit last year. That's in much better shape, so our sales and marketing allowed to secure business. And the second piece is, as you mentioned, making sure we align the incentives with margin improvement, the right customer mix. So there's different objectives for different parts of the sales force around growing new business in new segments, and others have a different set of objectives around growing in existing accounts.  We have an active mix and margin improvement team. Some of the data analytics that Tim mentioned are really centered around really understanding the full answer to the question, how and where do we make the most money? When you think about converting, you have hours of productive machine time to sell to the market. Optimizing the use of that time across the right customers and segments and then making sure, of course, you're pricing for value, all of that is actively part of what we're refreshing and improving.  I think the #1 thing we need for our sales force is the investment in our converting operations so that we have the capacity in the right geography of where the actual demand is. And we're making improvement on that. That will continue for as far as you can see.
George Staphos: Okay. And then the follow-on, when we look at your slides this quarter versus last quarter and also reflect back on some of the commentary earlier in the quarter, we seem to recall that you had expected box volumes to be up in the quarter. Now maybe that was a channel comment, maybe it was a box comment, but in either case, volumes were down a bit.  And at the same time, your price mix, looking at what you reported versus what your guidance was last quarter, was actually better. I think you got $114 million in the slide as you presented them. I think the commentary last quarter for looking out to 1Q is for positive 65 again, this is all on corrugated. Is there any relationship between the 2? Did you walk from business as you were implementing pricing? Any thoughts on those 2 points would be welcome and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. That's a great question, and the answer is no. We didn't walk away from business. The overachievement in price realization is just getting more price in certain segments of our customer mix during the first quarter than we expected. And that has a lot to do with the final negotiation of implementation and all of those types of things. On the larger customers, it tends to be a little more predictable because it's contractual in terms of time.  I think one of the things you got to think about with respect to IP and the volume challenges, when we look at some of the customer issues, labor issues our customers have, when you think about the large food and protein producers on both, R&D, e-commerce producers, they had a very difficult time staffing everything in the month of January and it bled into February, and that reflected in our numbers.  So we didn't give up any volume, and we are now working to replenish their inventories because they were not running as full as they would like to. So part of it is just, we're in every segment, we're very large, and we get impacted by not only our own internal situation but in a single quarter over a 3-month period, what our customer flows back on us. So no volume give-up and just a better performance in getting each and every customer's price up.
George Staphos: Big thank you to Guillermo, and congratulations to Mark. We look forward to working with you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Congrats to Guillermo and Mark on the new roles. Since you last gave guidance, you realized the March containerboard hike and I think a number of fluff pulp hikes, and it seems like 1Q went maybe a bit better than expected. I'm just wondering, in terms of reiterating the full year guidance versus maybe moving to the higher end of the range, is it fair to say you see raw material costs and inflation maybe offsetting the positives that you've seen in the last two months? Or are you -- are there concerns about demand or is it maybe just too early in the year? Anything that we should think about as we think about you maybe getting to the higher end or the lower end of the full year guidance range?
Mark Sutton: Yes, Anthony, great question. It's obviously a hard one to predict and we're not any better at it than anyone. But I think the one thing we're looking at in terms of where we were 90 days ago when we gave our full year outlook is the wildcard on where energy is going to be for the rest of the year because energy is an input to most of our inputs. And so we are seeing that higher for longer. So yes, some of this additional pricing will be necessary. We didn't see that, I don't think anyone saw that at the end of January.  I hope we're wrong on it because then we got much more opportunity for margin expansion. We're very confident on the pricing side that's being implemented right now. It's a judgment call on our view of energy. We don't try to do too much on our own. We look at strips. We look at the inputs to the chemical industry and the other things we use.  And then the last piece of energy is the flow-through to diesel fuel and our impact on transportation. So it's our best look right now. But we believe what Tim said, we believe in terms of principle that our pricing will overcome our input cost. As we sit here at the end of April, this is what we see for the rest of the year. I would imagine there'll be some adjustments as we sit here at the end of July, talking about whether or not energy actually did what everybody thinks it's going to do or not.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And then George had a question on how you improve commercial performance and capabilities in Industrial Packaging. I guess I had kind of a similar question on Cellulose Fibers. I think Tim made some comments about maybe improving contract terms that can maybe help you next year. Just wondering to the extent you can, can you talk about improving the commercial performance in Cellulose Fibers, just obviously beyond the 6 hikes that you've announced, which are great, but any further thoughts there?
Mark Sutton: I think it's really all inclusive of what we've been talking about for the last several quarters, getting paid for the value of the absorbent pulp. And I think you can start to see that as certain proof points of that out in the marketplace relative to absorbent pulp pricing versus market pulp pricing. And then how we operate the business, what we make available to long-term strategic customers and to shorter-term customers in different parts of the world. And then the final piece is where we are now, working actively with our very large strategic market-leading customers to improve the overall commercial conditions of these longer-term contracts, and that is set and underway now. It will go through the rest of the year. It will set us up for a very good position going into '23 and beyond. So it's a simple principle that in many cases, we just didn't fully exercise, and that is making sure our value is understood and then getting proper compensation for the value that we provide and the technical nature of the product. And that's what we're doing and I'm really happy with the progress.  I'll reiterate what Tim said, business will be solidly at slightly above cost of capital for the entire second half of the year, which sets us up very well for 2023. And we shouldn't have to be talking about whether the business is at a value-creating level of returns for very much longer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Guillermo, congratulations. It was a real pleasure working with you. Tim, just a clarification on the Ilim cash dividend. I assume you got it last month and that it was around $200 million. Please correct me if I'm wrong there. And then just, I don't believe you would normally receive another one, regardless of the situation there. But can you just confirm that, what, if any, additional cash dividends you're expecting from Ilim and when and how much you got in presumably in March?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, you have the amount correct and there's no expectation of further dividends being paid this year.
Adam Josephson: Okay, I appreciate that. And then Mark, just back to the pulp business. I mean, have you set a time line for yourself? In other words, okay, we need to get to a certain point by X date, X quarter, X year or else we say, you know what, because of the market structure, because of whatever else, this is just not working for us? I mean, it's been several years of underperformance, and at some point, the business needs to prove itself or not, I would think.
Mark Sutton: Yes. We've set our internal targets. What I've said externally is businesses got the potential to be at value-creating levels of return. I just mentioned in answering Anthony's question that that's -- we're just about there in the second half of this year, and you'll have to see it to believe it, I understand that. And we're well positioned for the business to be at that level of performance now like in 2022. So it's right upon us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Ng of Jefferies.
John Dunigan: This is John Dunigan on for Phil. I wanted to start off by reiterating prior comments and say thank you, Guillermo, for all the help. We really appreciate it and good luck in your new role.  I wanted to go back to the box shipment comment. Could you give any clarity on how the box shipments tracked throughout the quarter? Maybe how much was impacted by inventories in Prattville weighing on results maybe earlier in the quarter and then talk about how box shipments have tracked month-to-date?
Timothy Nicholls: It's Tim. So Prattville really was not much of an issue at all for stock availability. We were able to run the mill partially before getting it back up full. So I wouldn't say that was a big item in the first quarter. It certainly hurt in the fourth quarter of last year. And we started off the quarter, from a box demand standpoint, near double-digit decline in January. We had the Omicron situation. We were having staffing issues because of people contracting COVID and being away from work, our customers, as Mark said, similarly, and so production lines for us and for some of our large accounts were not running as they normally would be.  That began improving as we exited January and went into February. But I would say there was still a residual in February, and then by March, it was starting to feel more normal again. We had lines coming back up, and we were able to run our system not entirely to its full potential but more in line than certainly what it had been in January.  April is starting off kind of as expected. The recovery continues. And so we'll see how things shake out as we close the month in the next few days. But our cutup looks right in line with expectations that we have for Q2 in total.
Mark Sutton: So John, Tim mentioned in his remarks when we were going -- when he was going through Industrial Packaging and he talked about the box -- IP box number but he also talked about the U.S. channels to the corrugated market. He explained what those were. On the slide, there's a minus 0.8 year-over-year. But that part, so that's the total U.S. channels minus 0.8 with a box number of minus 4.  So what we didn't say is the rest of the channels is open market containerboard and our equity partnerships through sheet feeders. And we were up 14% year-over-year in that part of the channel. So participating in the end-use box market, while we had certain issues and our customers had certain issues, other channels through containerboard and through these sheet feeders were better positioned.  Some of that was geographic. Some of that was size of account and size of customer. But our access to the U.S. packaging market, I think, is best viewed through that U.S. channels market. And so we offset some of our issues in our own box-making operations with those other channels such that our overall exposure was down just about 1%.
John Dunigan: Okay, I appreciate that. I wanted to just switch over to Ilim. The earnings in the quarter came out ahead of expectations, and that was despite the significant contraction of the non-Chinese exports. Can you give us any color on the Ilim market dynamics? Next quarter seems like another solid result. Can you just kind of talk about overall cost in the region, demand and what you're kind of expecting as you're looking to ultimately get out of that business?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I think if you look at our outlook slide, you can see that the business, given all the puts and takes, is roughly expecting same level of performance in the second quarter than we had in the first. So there's a number of dynamics, but rather than going through all of those, I think the earnings expectations, what's important is right in line with first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Seaport Research.
Mark Weintraub: And also my thanks to Guillermo for all your help in the last several years. You mentioned that the production system is now better aligned, and that certainly was something that had been an issue last year. Did the benefits from that show up in the first quarter? Or is that something that's going to start showing up more on a go-forward basis? Maybe I'll start there.
Timothy Nicholls: I think it shows up in the first quarter, Mark, and will continue to show up. We did several things. We had inventory -- not only inventories but we had the right inventories in the right place, which is something we normally do very well, and I won't rehash all of last year's issues but that is what caused so much disruption last year. And as we exited the year and came in the first quarter, we were back on track there.  Mills also ran better and our converting operations ran better, if you look at just uptime, reliability, how they were performing. But the thing that continues to be a drag and will normalize at some point is our view, hard to predict when, is just all of these logistics disruptions that are taking place. So there's, across every mode of transportation, rail, truck and then for export, ocean freight, things are either moving slower or they're not as reliable or they're taking longer once they leave, from a velocity standpoint, to get there.  And because these mills are meant to run, make product, put it in some form of transportation and move it, that can have an impact on operations. Still, it's better and our team, our supply chain team is working through it diligently. We're making progress but we're working with what we have available, given rail constraints and trucking constraints across the system. Does that make sense?
Mark Weintraub: It does. That's super helpful. And so was the issue with the volumes through your box system, so is it -- that was primarily more -- I mean, you mentioned it was customer where they didn't have facilities other and maybe that's a function of your customer mix being more heavily focused on those types of customers?  And/or the other -- or was it that you were particularly hard-hit by Omicron in terms of your facilities? And I guess we'll see where the industry data is soon enough. But trying to sort of understand how much of it was specific to you guys versus just more normal across the industry type of events.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, for us, it was across the entire supply chain. So it was how we were getting more to our box plants, how we were able to convert it and then move finished product to customers and their ability to consume the product and need replenishment. So it was throughout the entire supply chain.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Because you talked about kind of getting back in line with industry growth in the box business, is there anything that sort of put that on delay from your perspective from what you would have said previously?
Timothy Nicholls: I don't think so. It's just a matter of normalizing some of these disruptions, and we feel like we've -- we're doing a good job doing that. And transportation is going to continue to be an issue, but in terms of growing, we don't see an issue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo.
Gabrial Hajde: Guillermo, pleasure working with you. Welcome, Mark. I wanted to ask you a question, I guess, under the context that inventories are sort of back to where you want them to be. And I think the North American low-cost producer position is even now more pronounced than it was before as well as other parts of the world not importing containerboard from, let's say, Russia.  Are you seeing any pickup or are the phones ringing anymore in terms of potential for export demand? I appreciate that ocean freight is a little bit of an impediment at this point. But just thinking about kind of the practical aspects there.  And then does this alter your view, Mark, in any way for the intrinsic value kind of your mills here in North America versus other parts of the world?
Mark Sutton: First part of your question, Dave, yes, we are seeing, as you expected, increased demand for export. Port congestion is a timing issue for getting it there in a reasonable time but the demand is picking up. Our output is in much better shape. We had a good year of annual outages in '21 after a choppy 2020 because of COVID and construction availability, plus we've got the big issues behind us that affected our containerboard output all the way through our box plants.  So we've got more containerboard to sell through all the channels. Still working very hard to manage the part that goes offshore through the ports.  Look, we like our North American mill system. We think it's globally competitive for the long term. We don't get too excited about short-term trends of high, high OCC or low, low OCC. The business model we have and the mix we have between virgin mills and recycled mills and the overall fiber makeup, we have renewable natural resources coming into our company. We convert them, making most of our own energy in a carbon-neutral way, and we make corrugated boxes that are recycled. And I think that business model is a strong, strong business model from a profitability standpoint and a sustainability standpoint.  All the other discussions about recycled in different parts of the world, I'll start with that. You have to be a renewable natural resource that's virgin fiber to even have a discussion about recycled. And we are well positioned at about 65% wood fiber coming in, 35% recovered paper, making most of our own energy, I really feel very strong and our customers do as well about our sustainable business model.
Gabrial Hajde: Okay. One quick maintenance item. Are there any, Tim, insurance recoveries left that you might be getting over the balance of the year?
Timothy Nicholls: I'm sorry?
Mark Sutton: In insurance.
Timothy Nicholls: It's hard to say. We're finalizing last bits of Prattville and whatnot, so I wouldn't predict at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde.
Mark Wilde: Congratulations on a good quarter and congratulations to Guillermo. Tim, I have a question for you first. And that is, it sounds to me like over the last 18 months, you may have been kind of subcontracting out some more of your box volume, just with kind of a tight labor market and strong demand from some of your customers. I wondered if first, you could confirm that.  And secondly, as you bring that back in-house, what might the margin impact of just that element alone be?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I don't have detailed numbers off the top of my head, Mark. We do some farm-outs. We do some of them because it's just more economical in the grand scheme to either put it in one of our sheet plants or if there's not an IPG plant locally available to use, a partner in terms of fulfilling certain orders. We flex that up and down. It's not super structural to the business. It's more just using marginal economics in terms of how we run a very large system.
Mark Wilde: But have you been doing more of that in the last 18 months?
Timothy Nicholls: We probably did some last year as we were going through some of the board constraint issues that we had, just given the system. But I would say it is situational. And again, it's there but I wouldn't say that it's hugely material to the size of the business that we have.
Mark Wilde: Okay, that's what I was looking for. And then Mark, I have a question just longer term. If you look at the containerboard industry, we've seen a lot of consolidation over the last 20 or 25 years. We've got 3 or 4 big players. And I'm just curious now, with the new entrants trying to come into the market, some from offshore, how do you protect IP from becoming General Motors? .
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think it's an ongoing discussion around the business is a good business so therefore, it attracts interested parties. And I think the way you protect your business is you perform very well and you ingratiate yourself with your customers to the point where you're an integral part of their value chain. It's one thing to say, "I'm going to build a containerboard mill." It's another thing to supply hundreds and hundreds of locations for a large e-commerce customer or reliably supply, every day of the week, a local business of multiple different grades of containerboard made into boxes that they need, not just 1.  So I think it really starts with the whole value chain and making sure that from a customer looking back into IP, and there are others that are very good at this as well, that we have the relationship with our customers and all the supply chain services, all the things that make a business relationship sticky is, I think, the best defense. Everything else is table stakes: lowering your cost, operating safely and environmentally sound and all those things. But I really think it matters how you deal with your customers overthinking.  And I think if you think about COVID in 2020 and 2021, we did some amazing things with and for our customers that they're going to remember for a very long time when the next great thing comes knocking at the door.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle White of Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Congratulations, Guillermo. I'm looking forward to working with you as well, Mark. Apologies if I missed this, but on inventories, can you just give us a sense of your inventory levels in containerboard and how they compared to last quarter and maybe where they are at relative to where you would like in terms of your target levels?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, we don't have hard numbers but inventory is in a very good position right now. And it's really important. Coming out of the fourth quarter and the first quarter, it being the heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year and maybe the heaviest one we've ever had, which takes production offline as we take these mills down for maintenance. We had inventories in a good place and we exited the quarter with inventories in a good place. So we feel good about how we're positioned right now.
Kyle White: Got it. And then on the building back better planned initiatives that you have, are you able to give us a sense in terms of how much benefits, net of the dis-synergies, you realized this quarter? And then as we look to the second half, the 20% margins that you expect for Industrial Packaging, do you have line of sight to accelerating that into 2023, just given some of the price realization in these initiatives? Or should we expect kind of a similar margin profile, just given that a lot of the maintenance occurred already in the first quarter relative to the second half?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, we're a long way from 2023 in terms of getting into details. I do think that given what we've been able to do to restore where we are from an inventory standpoint and how the facilities are actually running in the environment, given also past price increases now, we're beginning to start the March 2022 price increase, we're well positioned as we go into the second half of the year and feel good about the springboard for 2023.  Remind me the first part of your question again, I'm sorry.
Kyle White: Yes. I was just curious if you had the number in terms of what benefit you realized from the Building Better IP initiatives, net of the dis-synergies in this quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: $40 million. So we had -- we were carrying into the year roughly $94 million, close to $100 million in dis-synergies. And we feel like through the work that we've done in the quarter on an annualized basis, we've covered that.
Operator: Our last question or final question for today comes from Paul Quinn of RCBC Capital Markets RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Just a question on Cellulose Fibers. I seem to be over-predicting your shipment volumes every quarter here, and I'm just trying to understand the business because if I look at it year-over-year, you were down in shipments by 186,000 tons. And you described it as solid mill performance, which suggests that production should be up. Are you carrying a lot of inventory due to the logistics challenges in Cellulose Fibers? And what can we expect for your shipment volumes in '22?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So we're not carrying tons of inventory. What we're doing is modulating how the mill is run based on availability of transportation logistics. And the challenge has been for some time now and continues, as I've referenced in some of the prepared remarks, just reliability of ocean vessels being super low and then also vessel delays, meaning they arrive at a port and they're ready to be unloaded, and that's historically been about 1 day and now, on average, they're waiting 5. So it's just getting products through the supply chain, but we're modulating how we run the system so that we're producing ultimately what we can get through the supply chain.
Paul Quinn: Okay. So volumes in '22 should be very similar to '21 or is it back to sort of the numbers that we saw in '20?
Timothy Nicholls: I think it depends on what happens with ocean freight. We export 90% of what we make, and so it depends on what's going to happen with containers and vessels for the balance of the year. But I mean, probably in line, yes, but I mean, a lot of questions around how supply chain is going to work.
Operator: I will turn the call back over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark Sutton, for closing comments.
Mark Sutton: I just want to reiterate a few closing comments. Very confident and very optimistic about the future of IP. We have a strong 2022 earnings growth outlook. We're making very good progress and momentum as we focus on our initiatives around Building a Better IP, and we have a very strong balance sheet. The company is as strong as it's ever been financially. All of this accelerates value creating for our shareowners.  So thank you very much for your interest in International Paper. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in International Paper's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn the conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you Angie. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-US GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to US GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website contains copies of the fourth quarter 2021 earnings press release, and today's presentation slides. I would note that the Printing Papers business segment is now reflected as discontinued operations from 2019 to 2021. Lastly relative to the Ilim joint venture slide 2 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call. We will begin our discussion on slide 3. In 2021, we served a strong customer demand in a really highly challenging operating environment due to the continued uncertainties associated with COVID-19. I'm really proud and appreciative of the commitment of our employees to continue to take care of each other and to take care of our customers. Our employees' health and safety is our most important responsibility. Looking at our performance International Paper grew earnings and revenue while managing through significant operational and supply chain constraints. For much of 2021, we operated with a sub-optimized system, which limited our ability to capture the full opportunity that comes with a strong demand backdrop. We made strong progress on price realization from prior increases to mitigate the impact of substantial cost pressure from inputs and distribution. While we anticipate the near-term operating environment to remain fluid, we expect to grow earnings meaningfully in 2022. We are building a better IP. We're a corrugated packaging focused company with less complexity and more focus. We've initiated meaningful actions to materially lower our cost structure and accelerate profitable growth. We have a strong balance sheet. We reduced debt by $2.5 billion in 2021, our pension plan is fully funded and we will invest to grow earnings and cash generation by building out capabilities and capacity in our US box system over the next few years. We are also well-positioned to return meaningful cash to shareholders. In 2021, we returned $1.6 billion to share owners including about $800 million in share repurchases. Turning to the full year results on slide 4. Revenue for International Paper increased by 10%, driven by strong price realization in our two business segments and operating earnings improved by 50%. The operating margins were impacted by input operating and distribution costs, which outpaced price realization. Looking at segment performance, earnings in our packaging segment decreased by about $100 million year-over-year with significant cost headwinds from fiber energy and distribution. While our earnings in our cellulose fibers business improved by about $200 million, driven by commercial improvements and price recovery. Equity earnings were $313 million driven by very strong performance from our Ilim joint venture, which delivered EBITDA of $1.1 billion in 2021. Free cash flow was $1.5 billion. I would note that free cash flow included about $500 million in tax payments related to the various monetization actions that we took in 2021 as well as payroll tax payments related to the CARES Act. Turning now to slide 5. Revenue in the fourth quarter increased by about $650 million or 15% compared to last year. We delivered EBITDA of $645 million. Margins decreased primarily due to higher operating maintenance and input costs. This was partially offset by price realization. And I would note that input costs were higher than anticipated. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was impacted by about $300 million in tax payments again related to the various monetization actions that we took throughout 2021 and the impact of the CARES Act. I'll now turn it over to Tim who will cover business performance and our outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide 6, which shows our year-over-year earnings bridge. Price and mix improved with strong price realization across all of our channels. Mix was also favorable driven by growth in higher-margin US packaging channels and lower export containerboard volume. Volume was essentially flat versus last year. Significant operational and supply chain constraints limited our ability to capture the full benefits of a really solid demand backdrop. Our North American packaging business operated with depleted inventories throughout much of 2021, which increased our costs across the system. Across the company, supply chain operating costs increased $170 million or about $0.35 per share, representing more than half of the increase in operations and cost in 2021. The second half of 2021 was especially challenging due to the slow supply chain velocity and very poor logistics reliability, putting additional cost pressure on our manufacturing systems. Maintenance outages increased as planned following deferrals we chose to make in 2020. Input costs rose sharply across just about every category. Cost increased throughout the year with $370 million of higher input costs just in the second half of 2021 resulting in significantly elevated input cost levels exiting 2021. Total corporate expenses decreased by $0.29 per share. Interest expense decreased by $0.21 per share benefiting from significant debt reduction. Tax expense was lower by $0.17 per share with an effective tax rate of 19% as compared to 25% in 2020. These benefits were partially offset by higher corporate costs following the recent spin-off as expected. And lastly equity earnings improved by $0.57 per share. Ilim equity earnings increased by $0.66 while equity earnings from Graphic Packaging decreased by $0.09. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on slide 7. Fourth quarter operating earnings per share were $0.78 as compared to $1.10 in the third quarter. Price and mix improved by $0.22 per share with strong price realization in our North American packaging business, partially offset by mix associated with labor challenges in our US box system. Volume improved less than we anticipated, primarily due to the significant Omicron-related labor and supply chain constraints late in the fourth quarter, especially in the US box system. Many of our suppliers, customers and logistics providers, have also reported labor impacts due to the ongoing COVID resurgence. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, fluff demand is solid. However, vessel delays worsened in the fourth quarter and limited our volume potential. Operations and costs were a headwind in the quarter. The cost impact in the fourth quarter from the tank failure at the Prattville mill was less than we anticipated due to timing. Additionally, we received $40 million of insurance proceeds for Prattville. Operating and distribution costs were impacted by poor reliability from logistics providers across every mode of transportation. Maintenance costs increased sequentially as planned. Input costs increased by $0.22 per share or about $110 million with energy, fiber and chemicals rising in the fourth quarter. Corporate expenses and taxes increased sequentially and interest expense decreased. Ilim equity earnings were lower sequentially partly due to supply chain limitations resulting from increased health measures on rail shipments to China. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on slide 8. In North America demand in the fourth quarter was solid across all our accounts including boxes, sheets and containerboard. However, Omicron intensified supply chain and labor constraints in the later part of the quarter which impacted box volume. The labor impact from Omicron across the value chain is substantial and continues into January, with labor constraints impacting our box plants, suppliers, customers and logistics providers. We're very proud of the IP team and their continued resilience and ability to adapt almost on a daily basis to deliver for our customers. We're experiencing very stretched supply chains and poor carrier reliability across just about every mode of transportation, which put significant strain on our shipments and cost pressure on our mills and box plants. Our mill-to-box plant velocity for containerboard is running three to four days longer than our normalized flow and in some lanes even longer. The lost production of Prattville in the fourth quarter further stressed our network and operating cost. Production at the other mills in our system was 100%. Looking at the fourth quarter performance, price and mix was strong, with very good progress on price realization of our August increase. This was partly offset by a weaker mix related to higher export shipments in the fourth quarter as expected. Volume improved by $20 million sequentially on strong seasonal demand in North America and EMEA, despite three fewer shipping days. As mentioned earlier, box shipments in North America were impacted by supply chain and labor constraints, especially in the latter part of the quarter due to the COVID Omicron variant. Operations and costs were a headwind. Operating and distribution costs in our mills and box plants increased. We operated with very lean containerboard inventories and higher distribution costs throughout most of the fourth quarter to compensate for lost production at Prattville mill. The cost impact of Prattville in the fourth quarter was about $40 million, and we did receive $40 million in insurance in late December. We are currently in the process of restarting the second Prattville machine and expect additional costs in the first quarter. Input costs increased by $90 million in the quarter. Energy accounted for $40 million of that total including $15 million in Europe, where energy prices rose to historically high levels. Wood and OCC accounted for another $35 million, despite modest relief in OCC cost in the latter part of the fourth quarter. Wood fiber costs rose sharply in the third and fourth quarters due to the challenging operating conditions, especially in Southern regions as well as inbound transportation constraints. We expect difficult operating conditions and elevated costs in the first quarter. Let me turn to Slide 9. Earlier in the month, we announced plans to build a new corrugated box plant in Eastern Pennsylvania. The new box plant will complement our Northeast box plant network and support the customers' growth across multiple customer sites. We expect the new plant to start early 2023 and deliver returns of about 20%. We plan to further invest in our US box system to build our needed capabilities and capacity. Investing in our US box system is one of the elements of building a better IP to accelerate profitable growth in our most attractive business. We have some regions where we are limited on box capacity. We have plans to increase capital investments at existing plants as well as invest in new box plants in the next few years. We will ensure we have the right capabilities and capacity to grow earnings and cash. Moving to Cellulose Fibers on Slide 10, I'll start with a few comments on our performance in 2021. We made progress on our commercial initiatives with price mix and volume, contributing about $450 million of improvement. Demand for fluff pulp was solid throughout the year. However, the operating and supply chain environment was extremely challenging, which affected shipments and costs. We also experienced distribution and input cost pressure of more than $200 million, with inputs rising in just about every category. For the full year 2021, our earnings improved about $230 million versus 2020 and we expect further improvement in 2022. Taking a look at the fourth quarter, demand for fluff pulp is strong globally and our backlogs are healthy. Looking at our sequential earnings, product mix impacted earnings by about $5 million. Volume decreased by $10 million due to shipment delays. Our shipments continue to be negatively impacted by port congestion and vessel delays, which worsened in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that we export about 90% of our volume in this business. Operations and costs decreased earnings by about $10 million, driven by higher distribution costs, lower energy sales and the non-repeat of nitrogen credit sales in the third quarter. These headwinds were partially offset by a favorable LIFO adjustment of $10 million in the fourth quarter. Planned maintenance outage costs increased sequentially and input costs increased primarily due to higher chemicals and energy costs. Turning to Ilim results on slide 11. The joint venture has delivered equity earnings of $66 million with an EBITDA margin of 39% in the fourth quarter. Volume and costs were impacted by distribution constraints related to COVID health measures on rail shipments to China. Ilim expects these conditions to continue into early February. For the full year, Ilim delivered outstanding earnings performance with adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion and an average margin of 40%. Ilim's strong operational performance and low cost system make it a powerful cash generator. We received dividends of $154 million in 2021 and expect to receive about $200 million of dividends in 2022. Turning to slide 12. I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in 2021 and provide clarity on what you can expect from International Paper in 2022. Let's start with the balance sheet. We will maintain a strong balance sheet and investment -- credit -- an investment-grade credit rating. As we've said previously, we're comfortable taking our leverage below our target range of 2.5 times to 2.8 times debt-to-EBITDA on a Moody's basis. We reduced debt by $2.5 billion in 2021 and more than $4 billion over the last two years. Looking ahead, we have limited near-term maturities with about $900 million due over the next five years. Taking a look at pension, we're very pleased with the performance of our plan. Our qualified pension plan is fully funded with a surplus of about $600 million at year-end. We feel really good about the actions that we've taken to improve performance and derisk the plan. All-in, we closed 2021 with a leverage of 2.5 times on a Moody's basis. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In 2021, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And over the past five years, we've returned $6 billion to shareholders or about 63% of free cash flow. Looking ahead we're committed to a competitive and sustainable dividend with a payout of 40% to 50% of free cash flow, which we will continue to review annually as earnings and cash flow grow. With regard to share repurchases, as of the end of 2021, we had $2.9 billion of available authorizations. We will continue to execute on these authorizations in a manner that balances the investment needs of the business and maximizes value for our shareholders. Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash. CapEx in 2021 was $550 million, which was less than we planned due to the timing of equipment delivery and a challenging contract labor environment. Turning to 2022, we are targeting capital spending of $1.1 billion. The planned increase is primarily for strategic projects in our packaging business to build out capabilities and capacity in our box system to drive profitable growth. We also plan to increase funding for cost reduction projects with expected returns in excess of 25%. We will continue to assess disciplined and selective M&A opportunities to supplement our goal of accelerating profitable growth. You can expect M&A to focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities in our packaging businesses in North America and Europe. Any potential opportunity we pursue must create compelling value for our shareholders. If we turn to slide 13, before we get into the details of our outlook, let me frame up how we're thinking about this year. First and foremost, we're confident in our ability to grow earnings in 2022, and we project our full year EBITDA to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion. Having said that, we expect first quarter earnings to be impacted by a very challenging operating condition and related to the Omicron variant and our highest maintenance outage quarter. As we said earlier, Omicron intensified supply chain and labor constraints in December, which impacted volume and cost. That impact intensified in January as cases increased impacting our workforce, suppliers, customers and logistics providers. Our assumption is that conditions will begin to improve late in the first quarter as Omicron cases begin to subside. Looking at the full year, we expect a solid demand environment for corrugated packaging and pulp with demand growth normalizing as we recover from the near-term Omicron constraints. We're also making good progress on our Building a Better IP set of initiatives which ramp up as the year progresses. Lastly, we are positioned to optimize our mill and box plants from the various disruptions of 2021 which will further improve our operating and distribution costs. We understand the challenges of the first quarter and how we will navigate these near-term headwinds to ensure the company delivers on our full year outlook. So if we turn to Slide 14, we'll take a look at the first quarter. Given the heightened level of near-term noise the first quarter outlook we provide a range of those items where the timing of Omicron recovery presents greater uncertainty. So we'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to improve by $65 million on the realization of our August 2021 price increase. Volume is expected to decrease by $15 million to $35 million with a gradual recovery in the first quarter. Operations and costs are expected to decrease by $60 million to $75 million which includes additional costs related to Prattville. Staying with Industrial Packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $118 million. The first quarter will be our highest outage quarter this year representing about 40% of total planned outage costs in 2022. First quarter maintenance expense includes the Riverdale printing papers machine. This cost will be fully recovered as part of the transfer price to Sylvamo over the course of the year. Lastly, input costs are expected to decrease by $30 million to $40 million. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to be stable. We expect volume to decrease by $5 million due to ongoing vessel delays. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $45 million related to the higher seasonal cost and non-repeat of LIFO benefits in the fourth quarter. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $11 million. The first quarter will be our highest maintenance outage quarter this year also representing about 40% of total planned outages in 2022. First quarter maintenance expense includes Georgetown printing business. This cost will be fully recovered as part of the transfer price to Sylvamo over the course of the year. Lastly, input costs are expected to increase by $5 million mostly due to higher energy costs. Moving to our full year outlook on Slide 15. We are projecting full year 2022 EBITDA for the company of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion. I would note that our outlook only includes the impact from previously published price increases. Free cash flow is expected to be $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. And as a reminder our 2021 free cash flow included about $300 million generated by the Printing Papers business which was part of International Paper through the third quarter. We are targeting CapEx of $1.1 billion with increased investments in our US box systems. Our free cash flow projection also includes about $100 million of cash used for the execution of our Build a Better IP set of initiatives, as well as $60 million of payroll taxes related to the CARES Act. Lastly the slide includes our outlook for corporate items and our expected tax rate of 25%. With that I'll turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim for all the details and for walking us through the key earnings drivers. As we look ahead, I am very confident in our ability to grow our earnings in 2022. We anticipate a solid demand growth environment. We're positioned to operate with a fully optimized mill and box plant system as we exit the first quarter and our team is laser-focused on delivering $200 million to $225 million from our Build a Better IP initiative. We have a clear plan and we have a team in place to make it happen. With that operator, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, Mark and Tim. I hope you and your family are well. I had a question. I know it's probably an oversimplification. But when I think about your North American corrugated business, we don't yet know obviously industry data, but US box shipment is down 3.3%. Can you talk about how much of that is missed opportunity and perhaps the market itself is still growing versus maybe some customers that are having to go to competing suppliers. And relatedly, to the extent I guess you can comment and that's true, what you may have to do to kind of re-earn that business. I suspect it's better on-time delivery the service et cetera. But just if you could expand on that a little bit?
Mark Sutton: Yes I think that's a great question Gabe. The results we posted in the fourth quarter, so I don't know what the market will be, but half of our sort of gap to what we think the market was like just given our participation rate in all the segments was really due to the -- our inability to service demand that was there related to the gyrations caused by the lack of containerboard from Prattville. And so, just practically speaking, what that means is we've got to source that board from another mill and it just so happens some of those other mills are in the most rail congested shipping lines. So getting it to the box plants in time to meet the order expectation by the customer was compromised. It's a different version of the same thing we struggled with after the winter storm and freeze earlier in the year, which took a number of -- took 150,000 tons offline for us just based on the geography of our plants. And the other half of what we think we missed relative to where the market might be is really just our own impact in our company and in our supply chain partners with labor around Omicron. Now, the good news, if there is good news in all of that is as we look at our key targeted customers and the customers we have large positions with, it doesn't appear that we're losing any share. What we have not been able to do and it's been consistent really since the second quarter, third -- the second quarter, when we were coming out of these production disruptions, we have not been able to enjoy some of the incremental growth. Everybody in the industry has been running relatively full out. So finding replacement packaging, if you don't have incremental capacity coming online, I think has been a challenge for a lot of customers. So, lack of ability to take advantage of incremental growth, so far has been where the damage has been limited to. And we're ready to be able to be in a position post the first quarter, when Prattville is fully back online, a big chunk of these outages are behind us. And our system can be optimized again, where we're shipping from the correct mill to the correct set of box plants, our costs will go down as well. And we should be in very good shape to take advantage of what the market has.
Gabe Hajde: All right. Thank you for that, Mark. So I guess it's fair to say that, Q1 is kind of a trough for the company overall. And then obviously second half will be much stronger. And then I guess, my other question was, where will we see benefits from Build a Better IP? Is that going to show up in operations? As you presented, I guess in your earnings bridges that's sort of what I'm more curious. And then, the cadence of that over the course of this year and again don't take this the wrong way, but it doesn't feel like there's a whole lot showing up in Q1.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. And we'll report out in Q1, when we get to the end of the quarter. So, it will show up mostly in cost. Now we do have -- as we go into next year, we do have growth initiatives that we believe will begin ramping up. But early on, it's going to be in a couple of places. One, just rebalancing for the stranded costs that we have from Sylvamo. We shared a slide I believe last quarter that showed that we have just under $100 million of costs that we will overcome as we go through this year. And then the other place where there's significant opportunity that we will see ramp up as we go through the year and these are things that we've been working on for 12-plus months is around process optimization. And a lot of that has to do with how we source inputs in our global sourcing organization. There's some supply chain impact. And in our Industrial Packaging business, there's actually a lot of advanced technology projects that are being deployed for allowing us to operate slightly differently and make better operating decisions real-time in the moment. And so we had targeted the $200 million to $225 million for this year gross which will overcome and then some the $100 million that we have in stranded cost. And we'll be -- as we go to the first quarter we'll start sharing quarterly updates and we'll do that throughout the year.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you gentlemen. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Just on the Global Fibers side, I wanted to clarify I think you indicated you expected earnings to be higher in 2022 than in 2021. And you've also indicated when you're providing your outlook for 2022 that you weren't including any price increases that haven't been published. So, I just want to confirm that that statement also didn't include the latest round of increases that you've announced on fluff pulp. And then to fill it in given obviously based on the guidance Q1 is starting pretty deep in the hole. What is it that's going to drive this superior or this improved earnings in 2022 over 2021 because it would seem to be something beyond at least the types of published prices that we tend to see?
Mark Stephan: So, Mark you're correct on the first two points. Those price increases are not in the commentary or not considered in the full year outlook. And I think what we're looking at in the first quarter we outlined -- Tim outlined additional maintenance. So, in past years, a lot of that was done in the second quarter. So, what we got is a strong demand environment. We got the full year benefit of the prior published price increases which I'm sure you're modeling correctly. We have the $200 million to $225 million of initiatives that are part of our reimagined Building a Better IP. And very, very importantly which we haven't had really since the second quarter of last year we should enter the second quarter of this year with our mill our containerboard mill system and our containerboard box system back in balance. So, that means not paying premium freight because we're shipping off of our contractual rates we're shipping from the wrong geography. All of the things we've been struggling with that have disproportionately probably added cost to our company beyond just the general inflation in the market goes away. So, a well-organized back to our normal supply chain configuration for three quarters of the year we feel really good about being able to put the first quarter in perspective. And again what Tim walked you through was a range because we are trying our best to be realistic about how long the disruptions related to Omicron last for us and our supply chain partners. I hope we're wrong and I hope it goes back to full staffing and all that sooner. But we're just trying to be as transparent as we can. But we believe we're going to be set up, especially because the company would be optimized again for the remainder of the year.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. And so that would be true on the Cellulose because I guess the question was really just to make sure I heard right that you expected global cellulose to be higher and so it's also better positioning? I guess I was trying to understand whether some of the commercial initiatives that you've talked about are also an important part of the Global Cellulose Fibers improvement you're expecting in 2022.
Mark Stephan: So, Mark almost all of the improvement in Global Cellulose Fibers in 2021 and into 2022 has been the commercial changes we're making and continue to make to the business. Without going into a lot of detail, the business is mostly absorbent pulp and of the absorbent pulp, there are three types of channels, sort of, what might be called spot or month-to-month there is long-term volume-based contractual and then there are some other configurations. Each of those has a different pace of changing commercial terms how fast prices go through. We'll have the full year of this pricing environment. We're making changes. You can see it in some of the data around fluff pulp versus others. And when we get to the second half of the year I mean typically we've had one quarter which is a low maintenance outage quarter where the business produces 20%-plus margins and cost of capital returns. We should see that in the entire second half of the year. And then as we go into 2023 we should start to see that for three out of four quarters. And then we're going to have a business where I said we would get it which is value-creating throughout a full year. And a big portion of that is driven by the commercial changes. After or not after but as we get through the commercial changes we'll begin to make some of the investments necessary to structurally reduce the cost to make the product primarily in the legacy IP mills where our cost structure is reflective of those mills being converted mills and not built for purpose. So it's moving in the right direction. The commercial changes we're making are working and the business will be profitable this year. It will be better than last year and it will be around the cost of capital for the final two quarters of the year.
Mark Weintraub: Great. I will get back in queue for another question if there is time. Thank you.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please state your question.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Congratulations on all the efforts and progress this year. I guess, my first question is kind of joined at the hip around the box business. Mark, can you talk a little bit about what kind of shipments or bookings you're seeing early in the quarter or at least from a market standpoint if not for IP? And then when we look at Pennsylvania and the investments that you're making there you talked about 20% returns when you're done with the project. Do you have similar abilities with other box plant projects to get that kind of return? And then I had a quick follow-on. 
Mark Sutton: Yes. So the January is very difficult to get any visibility to because what we've got is a fair amount of demand and orders, but the inability to get it made or get it shipped or for our customers to accept it. So I don't know how to give you a real focus on January. What we are hearing though is that our end customer demand is not dissipating at all. So I think what's going to happen is demand will be -- shipments will be choppy in January and probably most of February. If this virus curve tracks like it looks like it's tracking I think there'll be a tremendous amount of inventory replenishment activity starting in March and the quarter -- it will come out in the quarter. But January is very choppy just because of the hitting this ability for us to get -- most of it is labor related for us to get boxes made. If we have them made getting them shipped and for our customers especially some of the large customers to be able to accept the shipments because they're running at a reduced rate. The second part of your question, can you repeat it George? 
George Staphos: Yes, Mark just on – yes, no worries at all. The Pennsylvania box plant and the returns that you're targeting there, can you replicate that kind of return with other box plant investments that you have in your investment horizon over the next couple of years? And sort of my follow-on question and I'll hand it over here. There does seem to be a fair amount of box plant capacity coming into the Pennsylvania-Delaware region. Does that give you any pause relative to your investment? And when we think about the European business where the returns have been probably below expectations the last couple of years how do you see that improving and fitting strategically within IP? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. Yes, the box plant question we do have other opportunities. There could be somewhere between three to five box plants geographically placed with the same set of economics of a market area where we are low on capacity and a customer list that wants to buy more from us and it's fully integrated with our mill system. That gives you a return in the 17% to 22%. So we think we've got several more 20% opportunities for new box plants and we've got many opportunities as I mentioned on our last call and at the last conference I spoke at that we have to put additional equipment inside of existing plants that have the physical room and space and are in the right market geographies. So when Tim talked about capital, expenditures moving up, most of that is for converting capability and capacity throughout the US box system. On the Europe question, the Europe returns are moving up. I think again, we got to look at the moment of extraordinarily high energy cost. Natural gas is at all-time highs. We don't think that will stay that way. We've got the normal lag in recovery of containerboard prices going up against box prices. That usually takes a couple of quarters. When you look at normalized energy, when you look at the value of integration from these small acquisitions we've made, the business is at a value-creating return level in the not-too-distant future. So with one large mill and it being 100% on purchased power because it's recycled, that natural gas phenomenon, if you're following it in Europe is a huge blow to the profitability. But it's a moment in time. It's not a – we don't believe it's a permanent issue. 
George Staphos: Thank you very much.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. In containerboard, can you talk a little bit more about your inventory levels? It seems like from industry data, mill inventories are somewhat elevated versus history. But some of your competitors have flagged box plant inventories as quite lean. Just wondering with all the moving pieces in Prattville, how you think about your inventories and kind of getting back into balance? 
Mark Sutton: Yes, it's a great question, Anthony. I think the inventory – this is the IP perspective and it may be what others are saying as well, the absolute number is less important right now versus where it is and how fast or slow the supply chain is moving. So we have struggled with having not enough inventory, regardless of what the absolute number might be to really take advantage of sourcing our box plants with board through most of 2021. It started back in February, March and we never really were able to catch up because demand kept accelerating. So we think we've got inventory as we enter 2022 in a much better position. It's not all in the right place. Our experience is also that our box plants still don't have everything they need. The paper is made, it's sitting at a mill in a warehouse and we're waiting for railcars to get switched to a specific mill. We have several mills below a certain rail line that kind of joins up in Birmingham. South and East of that is the biggest choke point in the country right now. So moving our containerboard into our box network has been just a random occurrence almost every day. So our inventories are better but I measure it as can we fund the box plants with the board they need at the moment that they need it. And we're still not where we want to be on that.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then maybe just a question for Tim. On Ilim, the ruble has plunged I think to multiyear lows. And obviously, there's some geopolitical uncertainty there. How does that impact, how does the Ilim ruble impact what Ilim might report in 1Q? And then is there any operational impact or potential future operational impact if tensions worsen, or just any thoughts there?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It's really hard to speculate on that scenario or what might happen or how the US government might respond. I think the good news is from a currency standpoint, there is very little exposure from currency movement to the debt position. They hold a lot of debt in rubles. And so they're somewhat insulated from maybe what we would have seen in prior periods. And we also referenced in the speaker comments about the dividend and that dividend is paid out of the entity in Switzerland, where they manage all of their export sales. And currently, it's viewed that there is sufficient cash in that entity to be able to pay the dividend, unless there's some other type of restrictions. So we feel pretty good about Ilim, their position and especially, how they're running the business. But from a financial standpoint, they seem to be in pretty good shape.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Paul Quinn: Yeah. Thanks so much. Good morning. Just a question on Global Cellulose Fibers. I see some price increases in the marketplace and I understand your guidance doesn't reflect those recent price increases. But just overall, on pricing the spread between fluff and NBSK is at a historical high. If I look back at the last seven years, I mean that spread is less than $40. We're currently at $240. What has caused that? And do you think that's going to hold going forward? 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Hey, Paul it's Tim. I think there's a lot of moving pieces but certainly our approach to how we're interacting with customers is part of the strategy that we've talked about commercially. And so we feel good about the steps commercially that the team has taken up to this point. Supply chain could also be providing a little bit of help, just given how much disruption there is and we'll have to see how it plays out as supply chains normalize. But I think the way the team is executing and how they're thinking about their opportunities in the market, relative to segments and geographies is producing the results that we wanted. 
Paul Quinn: All right. That’s all I had. Best of luck
Mark Sutton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO. Please state your question.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim. I wondered if you guys could just help reconcile some numbers. I mean if we look at the Pulp and Paper Week open market prices for containerboard they're kind of $800 to $875. If we then look at kind of the data that is out there on estimated mill cash costs, I'm trying to get from those numbers to your segment results because it just -- it seems like there's an enormous gap there.
Mark Sutton: Mark, I don't know what numbers you're looking at. I think the issue that we have is our margins in North American Industrial Packaging have been compressed and there's two main reasons for that. Because of the way we've operated since essentially March, we have moved off of our most cost-effective supply chain approach. So we have hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental costs related to running a sub-optimized system. Sub-optimized means making the containerboard and shipping it to the wrong places because we don't have another alternative because other capacity was down. Given the size of our system, given the fact that we make containerboard in the Southeast and ship it to California and all of those things, we have not been able to realize as much of our price realization to the bottom line as we normally would. And so that's been a big portion of margin compression for us. And then when you look at the overall full breadth of our customer and segment mix we have varying degrees of sizes of customers timing of realization. So for example, Tim called out we're still getting $65 million of realization in the first quarter of 2022. That's not for every customer. That's for a group of customers that it takes longer. So I think that's really what you're seeing, if you're probing on margins, which I know you talk about a lot and we work on a lot. That's really the biggest issue. I think when we get to the second quarter and we're back to where we can optimize our network it really works well like a flywheel for us. And then we get margins north of 20% again and it's in the zone of what we would expect. It's been very hard for us to achieve the margin structure that I think most people would expect us to be in when we have operated with the initial 150,000 tons that came offline with the weather events at the beginning of the year and then coupled with the challenges we had through the rest of trying to make sure we put the customers first in many cases. And one way to not have had all of these issues is just to cut off a bunch of business and reset everything which is the wrong thing to do for the long-term. But the good news is most of that is behind us Prattville's coming up as we speak and we should be ready to optimize and regear the company back to the 20 -- the margins north of 20% again, which we would expect to have at this point in this business.
Mark Wilde: And I guess Mark, kind of, two just follow-ons to this. The first one is I'm just curious about whether there's maybe the need to rethink some of the bigger volume contracts and how those work for you. And then I'd also like to get a sense when you talk about this 20% return on the Philly area box plant, does that assume market level of transfer price and the 20% return is just the return you can generate at the box plant, or are you assuming some of that is a mill-related benefit?
Tim Nicholls: Hey Mark, it's Tim. It has a mill-related benefit in it. We look at this business especially here in North America as being an integrated business. So we're deploying capital in our mill system for the benefit of our converting business. And the value proposition is across the whole supply chain. So we look at integrated returns for the investments that we make.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Last one Tim. I just -- we went through this whole exercise about 15 or 20 years ago with box USA and it just seemed like there were a lot of systems benefits that were priced into that deal. And I'm not sure that we ever saw them. Have you gone back and looked at some of these other prior transactions and to see what worked and what has not worked?
Tim Nicholls: We do that on a regular basis and constantly trying to learn and make sure that we are seeing if there were opportunities that we missed in one instance that we correct that going forward. So I think we have a fairly robust process of -- and we're fairly critical of ourselves as we should be internally to make process improvements about how we do it. Box USA specifically I haven't looked at in a very long time.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right, I’ll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle White with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Kyle White: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. On the outlook that you provided, are you able to give a sense of what the midpoint of that guidance range assumes for box shipment growth in 2022? And then what are you assuming from the supply chain and labor challenges in terms of any moderation throughout the year?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. On the box growth, I think what we said in the speaker notes without quantifying but we can talk about historical numbers, we see if we get through this variant that we start normalizing on the demand function to pre-COVID. So we were consistently experiencing 1.5% to 2% growth. How that unfolds over the course of the year is a little bit of a question mark, but that's the expectation at the moment. I'm sorry what was the first part of your question?
Mark Sutton: He wants to know the supply chain and labor cost issues, what are we assuming for that for the rest of the year?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Just at a high level, we think we begin normalizing as we get through the first quarter and then we'll have to see how it plays out going to the second quarter. I mean the disruption from Omicron it came on so suddenly and so severely, I think a lot of people were surprised by how quickly it began impacting almost every aspect of the supply chain. And so it started late November early December accelerated. Hopefully we're peaking here in the next few weeks. But I would say that geographically it's not uniform because of the way it's spread. It's going to peak in different places at different times and then fall off.
Kyle White: Got it. That's helpful. And then on Prattville it sounds like the Paper Machine one is starting up as we speak. But just curious if you could give us an exact time line of when you expect that machine to restart? And what are the additional costs from that disruption included in the 1Q outlook?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, what we're expecting in the first quarter is that there will be roughly $25 million of additional costs related to the inefficiency of the machine coming back up. And then we won't have the mill fully restored until we get through the outage in the second quarter and then we would expect the mill to be back up and fiber balanced and running at its optimum cost structure.
Kyle White: Got it. Thank you. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc. Please state your question.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I hope you’re well. Tim, one on guidance for you, my obligatory guidance question. So, since the pandemic started you've refrained from providing annual guidance, understandably so. And I know you have a number of portfolio changes which may increase your desire to give a full year number. Otherwise we might be all over the place. But, it seems like the uncertainty is greater than it's ever been in terms of the virus inflation the state of the global economy. You just talked about Russia earlier, demand same. I mean so, I guess what -- how much confidence do you really have in this full year EBITDA range that you've provided? And did you consider just not doing it because of all of these uncertainties that seem to only be getting more pronounced, not less?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. That's a great question, Adam. I mean just a few thoughts for consideration. When we stopped we stopped because no one knew what the pandemic was going to bring. I would argue there was more uncertainty at that moment in time back in 2020 than there is currently. But -- and in 2021 as well. I think if we look at what Omicron has done globally, we see where it started and ramped quickly peaked and then fell off. And so, we used that as a base case for a set of expectations here. There's always going to be things that crop up like you mentioned that is difficult for us to really calibrate on in the moment. But what we have confidence in is what we've been working on for the past 12 to 18 months and how we believe those initiatives are going to come through this year. So, there's the things that we can manage and control, and then there's the impacts externally that we'll just have to deal with. But in terms of how the business we expect to perform, what we're going to see in terms of initiatives falling through to the bottom line, we're very confident in.
Mark Sutton: Adam, if I could add to Tim's comments and you mentioned it in the way you phrased the question, one of the reasons we're more confident than we have been is because the portfolio is narrowed. And we now know that the Packaging business and for that matter the Cellulose Fibers business both have performed very well in the environment of a pandemic. And we know what they perform like if we weren't in a pandemic because so much of our packaging goes into essential materials like food. If there's another difficult year with a pandemic, we think the packaging business because of who it provides packaging for, is going to perform very well. We performed very well in the first part of the pandemic. We got our system out of whack in the second year of the pandemic but still grew our earnings and our revenue. And whatever 2022 holds pandemic related, we believe, because of what we make, we're going to have really good opportunities to perform. We think we have the ability depending on where cost go to capture pricing to be able to offset some of that. And what we're not -- what we're going to have in 2022 that we didn't have in 2021 is a more balanced operating system. So, that's about as confident as we can be without knowing the future.
Adam Josephson: Sure. No, I understand that Mark. And just one more for you Mark. On the supply/demand, someone asked you this earlier, but all we can see is what the industry data is with respect to inventories operating rate shipments. And appreciating how messed up the supply chain is what are your thoughts about what "underlying supply/demand" is such that we can perhaps seize through whatever distortions you think exist in the industry data that would be supportive of rising prices?
Mark Sutton: It's -- I just think what I would do if I were you as an analyst, I would try to look at the historical absolutes weeks of supply, whatever number you want to choose. And then I would look -- I would map that against supply chain. There's a few metrics out there around velocity and recognize that operating rates, absolute inventory, supply chain velocity and the pure supply-demand balance. So, against a backdrop of firm demand and companies that knowing IP's case, have cut corners a bit on maintenance because of availability of equipment and just the demand environment last year, we'll be taking facilities down for maintenance which takes supply offline, I would look at that holistically and I would shy away from looking at an absolute inventory number and comparing it to normal times. I just think that leads to the wrong conclusion. 
Adam Josephson: Got it. I really appreciate, Mark. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Phil Ng: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Tim, certainly, a big step up in CapEx this year, but should we expect that to stay pretty elevated in 2023 with some of the box plant opportunity you referred to? And how should we think about normalized CapEx with your slimmed down portfolio now?
Tim Nicholls: I think normalized. So with the new portfolio, we're at about $1.1 billion of depreciation. And so we're in line with that for 2022. I think we should be close to that in future years. There may be times when we're slightly above, but it will be above for very distinguishable strategic opportunities that we can highlight.
Phil Ng: Okay. Got you. And then Tim you talked about this a little bit about the financial impact on the ruble and how you guys are positioned. But any color on even some of the political unrest in that region and COVID shutdown in China? Have you seen any choppiness in order activity in your operations whether it's Ilim or any impact on your Cellulose Fibers segment?
Tim Nicholls: No, not really. It's mostly supply chain related due to COVID and all of the disruptions that we've seen as we've gone through the past year. Yes, we haven't noticed anything outside of that at this point.
Phil Ng: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Tim Nicholls: Yes.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back to CEO, Mark Sutton for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Sutton: Thank you. What I'd like to do is just reiterate that we're confident in our ability to execute for the remainder of 2022. We've got a solid demand environment. We've got the full year benefit of the pricing that we've already implemented flowing through for the full year. We highlighted the $200-plus million of benefits associated with building a better IP. We will have very importantly the biggest part of our company optimized again for the majority of 2022 that being our mill and box plant system. And very importantly, our balance sheet's in the best shape that we've been in a very long time. All the capital allocation levers are available to us and we plan to invest smartly in our US box system over the next few years to grow profitably. So, thank you for your interest in International Paper. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in International Paper's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Anjay. Good morning and thank you for joining International Papers third quarter 2021 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2021 earnings press release, and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim joint venture, Slide 2 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3. In the third quarter, International Paper grew revenue, earnings, and margins. And we continue to generate strong cash from operations. We continue to see strong demand for corrugated packaging and solid demand for absorbing [Indiscernible]. We're making strong progress on price realization from our prior increases. Having said that, the supply chain and input cost environment remains very challenging. It impacted our results much more than we anticipated. The widespread supply chain constraints limited our ability, to capture the full opportunity that comes with a strong level of demand that we're seeing. Our middles performed well. However, stretched supply chains impacted volume in our industrial packaging, and global cellulose fibers businesses. Container board inventories in our packaging network improved, in the latter part of the third quarter. And we are in a much better position as we enter the seasonally strong fourth-quarter. Input costs in the third quarter rose by about $230 million or $0.46 per share. Which was more than 2 times what we had anticipated, with cost pressure in just about every category. Our Ilim joint venture delivered another strong performance, with equity earnings of $95 million. On capital allocation, we continue to make significant progress, strengthening our Balance Sheet. In the third quarter, we reduced debt by $235 million. I would also highlight that our pension plan is fully funded. This is a significant milestone that further strengthens the Company. In the third quarter, we also returned $411 million to our share owners, including $212 million of share repurchases. On October 1st, we completed the spin-off of the Printing Papers business. IP received a $1.4 billion payment from Sovamo and we retained a 19.9% interest in the new Company, which we intend to monetize within one year. The teams did an outstanding job executing the transaction in a very challenging environment. The Printing Papers business delivered a strong performance in the third quarter, and we wish Sovamo all the best as they move forward as a stand alone Company. We're laser-focused on strengthening the Company and building a better IP for all of our stakeholders. Tim and I will share more about the progress we're making during today's discussion. Turning now to Slide 4, we delivered EBITDA of $938 million, and free cash flow of $519 million in the third quarter, which brings our free cash flow nearly 1.6 billion year-to-date. Revenue increased by nearly 600 million or 12% when compared to last year. And if we exclude the Printing Papers business, third quarter revenue grew by 14% as compared to last year. We also expanded our margins in the third quarter with realization of our prior price increases. We expect continued margin expansion in the fourth quarter. I will now turn it over to Tim to cover our business performance and our fourth quarter outlook. Tim.
Tim Nicholls: Thanks, Mark. Moving to the Quarter-Over-Quarter earnings bridge on Slide 5, Third quarter operating earnings per share were a $1.35, as compared to a $1.06 in second quarter. Price and mix improved by $0.43 per share, was strong price realization across the three businesses. Volume decreased sequentially. Supply chain constraints limited our ability to capture the full benefit of the strong demand backdrop. We replenished our container board inventories in the latter part of the third quarter, which positions us well, entering the seasonally strong fourth quarter. Our Cellulose Fibers business, demand for absorbent pulp is solid. Our pulp shipments were constrained due to significant port congestion, and our backlogs remain stretched. Our mills performed well. Operating costs benefited by about $35 million of one-time items, including the sale of nitrogen credits and insurance recovery related to the winter storm earlier this year. Supply chains are stretched and transportation costs are elevated for both inbound materials and outbound shipments. Every mode of transportation is tight and we expect the transportation environment to remain tight for the foreseeable future. Maintenance costs decreased as expected. Input costs rose by $0.46 per share, or about $230 million, which is more than double what we had anticipated for the quarter. Higher fiber and energy costs accounted for about 80% of this increase. Corporate expenses were essentially flat, tax expense was lower by $0.04 per share in the third quarter, with an effective tax rate of 18% as compared to 21% in the second quarter. Most of this was related to adjustments to our federal tax provision after finalizing our 2020 tax return in the third quarter. Equity earnings were lower sequentially following the final monetization of our stake in GPK in the second quarter. Turning to the segments, I'll start with Industrial Packaging on Slide 6, We are seeing strong demand across all channels, including boxes, sheets, and containerboard. Third quarter shipment across our U.S. channels improved by 1.3% year-over-year. However, box shipments were hampered by low containerboard inventories, and stretched supply chains. We successfully replenished inventories across our box system in the latter part of the third quarter, which puts us in a much better inventory position as we enter the seasonally strong fourth quarter. We expect supply chains to remain stretched for the foreseeable future, which requires us to carry more inventory given the slower velocity across our network. To put the velocity and the context, our mill-to-box plant container board supply chain is currently running 3 to 4 days longer than our normalized flow. And in some lanes even longer. Taking a look at third quarter performance, price and mix was strong. Our March increases essentially fully implemented, with 128 million of price realization in the third quarter. Volume was lower by $45 million box shipments in North America were impacted by low containerboard inventory, especially in the first half of the quarter. Volume and EMEA was seasonally slower as expected, representing about $10 million of a sequential decrease. Operations and costs were essentially flat sequentially. Our mill system performed at a 100% and providing much needed inventory relief to our box system. In the third quarter, we also received insurance proceeds of about $15 million related to the winter store. These benefits were largely offset by unplanned maintenance costs. We're not seeing any relief on supply chain costs, and our managing risk associated with transportation capacity and congestion across the rail and truck networks. Input costs increased by nearly $190 million in the quarter. OCC and Woodfibre accounted for 120 million of that total. Energy accounted for another $45 million primarily in our recycled containerboard mills and our box plants. Taking a closer look at fiber, our North American packaging fiber mix is around 65% virgin wood and 35% OCC. Wood fiber cost was sharply in the third quarter due to continued wet conditions, across the Southern and Eastern regions, as well as inbound transportation constraints. Wood inventories are below our control limits, and we expect difficult operating conditions again in the fourth quarter. We expect demand for OCC to remain strong with no cost relief, even as generation gradually improves. As a reminder, we consume about 4.5 million tons annually in the U.S. and nearly 0.5 million tons in EMEA. Moving to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 7, the business delivered earnings of $96 million. Third quarter segment earnings included 13 million from this Sovamo subsidiary and Kwidzyn mill, which are no longer part of our operations in the fourth quarter. Looking at our sequential earnings, price and mix improved by $59 million. Volume improved by 11 million sequentially, demand for fluff pulp, which represents about 75% of our mix remains solid. Our shipments continue to be negatively impacted by unprecedented port congestion and vessel delays. Keep in mind, we explored about 90% of our volume in this business. The majority of this is fluff pulp that ships and containers. Which is where port congestion is especially challenging. We have systems in place to manage through this environment. However, vessel delays and higher supply chain costs are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. Our middles performed well. We also benefited from about $20 million, of one-time items related to the sell of nitrogen credits, and lower corporate costs in the quarter. These benefits were largely offset by $50 million of higher supply chain costs for export operations. In this outage costs decreased sequentially, while input costs were a significant headwind in the third quarter, driven primarily by higher wood and chemical costs. Turning to Printing Papers on slide eight, the business delivered earnings of 106 million in the third quarter with strong momentum ahead of the spin-off. Third quarter results included the Kwidzyn mill until the sell on August 6. Performance in the third quarter was strong with continued demand recover globally and price realization outpacing rising input costs. Now that the spin-off is complete, the historical results of the business will be treated as a discontinued operation with a full recast of previous periods. And going forward, activity pertaining to the Printing Papers off-take agreement for Riverdale or Georgedale will be included in our Packaging and Global Cellulose Fiber segment earnings. I do want to echo Mark Sutton and thank our teams for successfully executing the spin in a very challenging environment. Looking to the Ilim results on Slide 9, the joint venture delivered another quarter of strong performance with equity earnings of 95 million and an EBITDA margin of 44%. Solid price realization for pulp and containerboard were partially offset by lower volume due to high planned maintenance outages in the quarter as expected. Volume in the fourth quarter is expected to improve. However, shipping capacity remains tight and supply chains to China are stretched. So now we'll turn to the fourth quarter outlook on Slide 10. In industrial packaging, we expect price and mix to improve by $70 million, mostly on the realization of our August 2021 price increase. That includes a negative mix impact as we start to recover some export backlogs. Volume is expected to improve by $65 million sequentially, on strong seasonal demand. Even as we have set down three shipping days. Operations and costs are expected to improve by 5 million, with the North American system benefiting from improved containerboard inventory levels, partly offset by onetime benefits in the third quarter. Staying with industrial packaging, maintenance, outage expense is expected to increase by $3 million. Input costs are expected to increase by $50 million, mostly on the flow-through of higher third quarter input costs were fiber and energy. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to be stable. Volume is expected to decrease by $5 million. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $25 million, due to the non-repeat of one-time benefits in the third quarter. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $37 million and input costs are expected to increase by $15 million on higher wood and energy costs. On our outlook slide, we include the sequential earnings adjustment associated with the Printing Papers spin and Kwidzyn sale for a total of $134 million across the three segments. With regard to cash flow, I would note that our cash from operations in the second half 2021 includes cash taxes of about $450 million associated with the various monetization transactions from earlier this year. Remember that the proceeds for these transactions are not captured in our free cash flow. However, the result in cash taxes are included in free cash flow and the majority will be paid in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 11, I will take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in the third quarter, and what you can expect from International Paper following the recent Papers then. we will maintain a strong Balance Sheet. As we previously said, we're comfortable taking our leverage below the stated target of 2.5 to 2.8 times debt EBITDA on a Moody's basis. In the third quarter, we reduced debt by $235 million, which brings our year-to-date debt reduction to 1.1 billion. We will also complete an additional 800 million of debt repayment by the end of this month. Taking a look at pension, we're very pleased with the performance of our plan this year. Our qualified pension plan is fully funded, and we feel really good about the actions we've taken to improve performance, and de -risk the plan. Returning cash to shareowners is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the third quarter, we returned $411 million to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. Share repurchases were $212 million, which represented about 3.6 million shares at an average price of $59.13. Also earlier this month, the Board of Directors approved an additional $2 billion share repurchase program, which raises our total available authorizations to 3.3 billion. We will continue to execute on that authorization in a manner that maximizes value for shareowners over time. With regard to the dividend, our policy does not change. We're committed to a competitive and sustainable dividend with a payout of 40% to 50% of free cash flow, which we will continue to review annually as earnings and cash flow grow. Earlier this month, we decreased our dividend by 9.8% to $1.85 per share annually following the spin-off of the Papers business. This adjustment is well below the 15% to 20% proportion of cash previously generated by the Papers business as we outlined from when we announced the spin last year. Investment excellence is essential to growing earnings and cash generation. We expect capex in 2021 to be around $600 million, which is less than our original plan. Primarily, due to the timing of equipment delivery and a more challenging contract labor environment. We will continue to proactively manage capex and have the ability to increase or pull back if circumstances warrant. You can expect strategic capital to be deployed mostly to our packaging business to build up capability and capacity needs to drive profitable growth. We will continue to assess disciplined and selective M&A opportunities to supplement, our goal of accelerating profitable growth. We can expect M&A to focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities and our packaging business, in North America and Europe. Any potential opportunity we pursue must be compelling value for our shareholders. And with that I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks Tim, for all the details. I on the slide 12 now. Let's talk about the future and how we're going to accelerate value creation for IP and our share owners. We are building a better IP. At the recent spin-off of the Papers business, IP is really a corrugated Packaging focused Company. We're significantly less complex with a much narrower geographic footprint. In addition, we have strengthened the Company's financial footing, as Tim has described, significantly over the past few years. Our focus profile and financial strength will further enable us to make sustainable, profitable growth and accelerate value creation. As I said earlier in the process, we've been actively working on multiple streams of earnings initiatives over the past year. We established a dedicated team that's been working closely with our businesses and external partners over the past year to identify, develop, and pilot a wide range of highly attractive opportunities, which are now moving to scaled implementation. Let's turn to Slide 13 to see how our earnings drivers ramp up over the next few years. We will deliver $200 to $225 million of gross incremental earnings in 2022. That represents more than two times the dis-synergies resulting from the spin-off. Our value drivers ramp up in '23 and 2024 with net incremental earnings of $350 to $400 million in 2024. These include around 300 million in cost reduction initiatives. And at least 50 million through commercial and investment initiatives. Our earnings catalysts are front loaded with significant benefits coming in 2022 from streamlining and simplifying the Company and scaling a wide range of process optimization initiatives. Streamlining and simplifying is all about agility and effectiveness, the organization is being designed to support a packaging focused Company with a more focused footprint. We are aligning our talent to accelerate performance. We've also examined our processes to increase efficiency and reduce cost. We are implementing and scaling new approaches for areas such as sourcing, supply chain and operations by leveraging technology and data analytics. Let me give you a few examples of these value drivers for 2022. We redesigned our sourcing process for our 200 converting facilities. We're using data analytics and third-party partners to deploy an automated catalog of sourcing options for operating and repair materials in our box plants. This program will deliver meaningful value in 2022. We're also using Data Analytics to unlock capacity in our converting facilities by improving our planning and order execution process. This includes, for example, how we aggregate and planned smaller orders, and how we can optimize our manufacturing mix, in each plant and each network of plants. We have also developed a new application to further optimize containerboard replenishment to our box plants. A system anticipates potential role inventory stockouts, which had been a big issue for us this year, and recommend the lowest cost replenishment option, to reduce premium freight. There are many initiatives that contribute to our value drivers and the savings. We have really good line of sight on the expected benefits in 2022, and the ramp up as we move forward. Our 2022 value drivers not only deliver meaningful benefits in the near term, they are also setting the foundation for IP going forward to accelerate commercial and investment excellence to drive profitable growth. So with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Phil Ng: Hey guys. It's been a challenging few quarters industrial decide. A pretty healthy demand backdrop, so with inventory normalizing for you guys and pricing, flooring through, when do you actually expect EBITDA margins and EBITDA dollar to be up year-over-year Industrial. And now that you have inventory at a more respectable level, do you expect your box inventory attract more in line with the broad industry in the fourth quarter?
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Phil. What we talked about on our second quarter is we thought it would take at least till the end of the year to get the inventory situation where it wasn't constrained. I think we made a little more progress than we expected in third quarter. And most importantly, September was a lot better than July. but we still have some spotty issues depending on the grade, and the type of end-use box. But we see as we enter into the fourth quarter, the progress we made in the third quarter, we should be getting close to our ability from a Board supply, to really track our own box shipments with the market. And we will continue to see EBITDA margin and absolute EBITDA improvement, as we go forward. As you know, and as we outlined and Tim talked about, we got it wrong on a number of our cost initiatives, in our outlook for the fourth -- for the third quarter. That obviously, took a bite out of our EBITDA margins. We really expected to be, EBITDA margins in the 20 - ish plus percent in the third quarter and we didn't get there, primarily on the back of some costs that were as I said, in some cases, twice as much as we thought they would be. Some of those costs like OCC are our own estimates about supply, demand and generation, and where we're going to buy it from and what the transportation component is. And some of those costs are simply public information that I think all investors use like the natural gas strip and things that are kind of publicly available and in a big way, we sort all got it wrong on that sense, but I'm encouraged that we're making progress. We're going to get the -- as we mentioned, the price flow-through is going well and we're going to see our margins expand. And we are positioning the Company to have no reason why we can't grow in box and in our other channels, which we had a lot of success. A board that goes whether it's to our equity partners or whether it's pure open market. And that goes into the U.S. box business as well. That overall, three-channel approach, we're doing quite well. Our own box plants have suffered primarily from the ability of us to get the right containerboard into the right plant at the right time. It may show up two weeks late and the order had to be made two weeks earlier. So that's in a lot better shape and I feel good about that right now.
Phil Ng: Got it, Mark. That's helpful. As a school of thought, I mean, I think a lot of people have thought four weeks of inventory is about balance, but appreciating the challenges the entire industry is seeing on -- from a supply chain, what's balance for you? Because when we looked at the inventory data from the box data, it really perked up a bit. It raise some alarms. But give in some of the supply chain dynamics, help us understand what's a good level in this backdrop.
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Phil, it's Tim. So right now, I think we've mentioned it in some of the comments as we went through the slides. But we're 3 to 4 days longer or slower, in terms of velocity, to get more from the mill to the box plants, than what we would be in a more normalized type of environment. So just think about the size of our system that's a pretty big number. Just to make sure that more is arriving in time to be consumed for box customers.
Mark Sutton: So I think the native Tim 's comments as we don't know if that 3 days to 4 days is going to go to 5. It depends on velocity through trucking and rail, primarily for container board ports or more of an issue for Cellulose Fibers. But planning for that, one, two and three months out, is what we're doing now. And I think you're going to probably see for IP, I know, inventory above our normal historical is a good investment right now because it leads almost automatically to a sale of a box.
Phil Ng: Got it. That's helpful. And just one last one for me. Certainly generate a lot of cash, you've announced a sizable buyback program and have about 3 billion buyback available. Any color on the pace in will you look to use vehicles like KSRs and just broadly. How do you plan on deploying some of that excess cash on your Balance Sheet in the near-term?
Tim Nicholls: Yes good questions. The summary comment would be we've not changed the framework of how we think about capital allocation and deployment. We've done a lot to try to de -risk the Company through Balance Sheet and pension. As I mentioned in the comments, our qualified plans now fully funded and it's been a long time since we've been in that position. So going a little bit lower on leverage is something we've been pointing to for probably more than a year now. On share repurchases, we are -- good news is we have the added authorization to work with. We're going to constantly be looking at how we're trading versus our view of intrinsic value and will modulate as we go through in time based on that view.
Mark Sutton: I think the thing I would add to Tim 's comment, Phil, on the capital allocation fees, we've never been in recent memory or even distant memory in the position we are in today, relative to our Balance Sheet, the cash generation and the ability to really consistently move cash through all elements of our value creation framework. So we're committed to the dividend. I think investors and everyone that follows us knows that. Share repurchases had been spotty. We're in a position now to have that be consistent. As Tim said, based on our view of intrinsic value and how we think about trying our best to do that as smartly as we can, but it will be consistent. And then, on the investment in our own business, investing in our current cash flow, meaning our current facilities, investing in cost reduction, and investing in smart growth, which tends to be in our system, bolt-on type of growth. That's really what we're planning on doing. And we're in a position for the first time in a long time to be able to actually do that, and do that well, and do it consistently.
Phil Ng: That's great color, great to have that all optionally. Really appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Morning.
Anthony Pettinari: The detail on the value-creation initiatives is really helpful. There's a reference on the slide to meaningful improvement in Global Cellulose Fibers Performance. And I'm just wondering if you can talk maybe broadly about the drivers to improve that performance. And then, we've seen other paper and packaging companies where the benefits from some of these large initiatives, maybe ultimately get competed away. I'm just wondering if you could talk about your confidence that you will see this fully fall to the bottom-line.
Mark Sutton: Our plan obviously is to not let them get competed away. Some of the initiatives are, we can leave a bit unique to higher scale and footprint. And it's going to be our job not to let them get competed away. On the Cellulose Fibers questions specifically, this is an ongoing story of improvement in the way the business operates, the way the business goes to market. As I mentioned, I think two quarters ago, we should expect a steady quarter-by-quarter improvement in the performance of the business, and we're seeing that. We're seeing that despite some of the unforeseen supply-chain issues which, don't worry me so much strategically because, I don't believe that will be a permanent state of port velocities and all of those kinds of things. I think we will have a much better business commercially on the customer mix, the pricing strategies, the contract mechanisms. As I mentioned, a couple of quarters ago, that's a multiple quarter process. And I said we should see quarterly check-in points like we're doing today. In which you'd see continued improvement, and we had a really strong third quarter. I think we'll continue to see that, I think the supply chain will normalize, no one knows for sure when maybe second half of next year, I don't know. But the running of the business for the long term with the right customers and the right commercial arrangements will continue to produce long-term improvement in the business. And so, the value drivers I outlined that are in the Data Analytics category, a lot of that has to do with International Paper specific initiatives. There are other initiatives that are maybe more generic, that are in the plan, and then we're scaling, but we feel real confident that this is an opportunity for us to step up our earnings.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just maybe staying on Cellulose Fibers. China 's implemented this dual control policy, which I think has shut down a lot of capacity, maybe including some converters that are buying pulp. It's hard for us to fully gauge what's going on, on the ground. Can you just remind us the percentage of your Cellulose Fibers sales that are going to China. And then the impact, if any, from the stool control policy, it seems like fluff prices have actually shown a fair amount of stability. So just wondering any comments there.
Mark Sutton: So the rough percentage of our fluff that goes to China is in the 30 - ish percent range. So about a third of our absorbent products goes there. And we have a really -- the majority of that 30% is premium customers and converters. And so we haven't seen a major impact from those issues. I think some of those that are affected more are smaller, I will call it, Chinese only companies not multinationals. And the benefit of dealing with a multinational value chain is that you have predictable customers who get [Indiscernible] navigate those things. The challenge is it's large buyers with sophisticated purchasing procedures and contracts. But we like the customers we have especially given some of these things that are going on.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark, good morning Tim.
Mark Sutton: Hi Mark.
Mark Wilde: Two more Mark, I wondered if you could just help us unpack the cost pressures in Industrial Packaging with maybe a little more detail and maybe segmented between of North America and Europe. It looks like if we go back through your last four quarterly bridges that your costs in Industrial Packaging were up approximately a 100 ton upon over the last four quarters. So maybe just a little more detail around that.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I mean, between the U.S. or North American and Europe and just given the scale of the business. Most of it is going to be in North America, and really, it's been the exposure to OCC, energy, and chemicals. I mean, more recently would but the longer-term stories before the wood impact in the third quarter, was really around OCC and energy costs, primarily natural gas. And it's moved rapidly. And so, I think that's what you're pointing out on your cost per ton number. And just trying to keep up with that with price. So year-over-year, we're a little bit ahead of that on price. Our opportunity now as we're implementing this current price increase, that margins can expand beyond what the input costs have done most recently.
Mark Wilde: Tim, how much of that cost increase would you say is that the converting level? I just looked at your cost per thousand or per ton in the box business. You think about labor, you think about transportation, you think about all those inputs. How much will those costs be up?
Tim Nicholls: I mean, we don't break it out like that, but there is an impact. A lot of it goes to the mills just thinking about the inputs you mentioned, and their consumption. But in the box and the box system, you have materials that are unique to converting. Think about wax and other things where, we have seen price escalation. Also, we're seeing higher labor costs kind of across all of our businesses, and converting is impacted there as well. So it's more on the mill side and converting, but converting for the cost structure that the converting plants have, it's not in material.
Mark Sutton: I think Mark you're converting question Mark. The unique thing that's happening in converting given the demand is, on the labor side. Our employees have shown up every day and done a fabulous job through this entire pandemic. In some cases, we had plants that were designed pre -pandemic to run five days a week, which is not uncommon in the Box industry some worked 24/7 but not a lot of them. We've had to ramp up over time and our employees have had success at the challenge while we try to hire permanent employees, which has been a real challenge in certain parts of the country. So that elevates a big portion of converting cost is labor, unlike in a mill system where the cost trend to be the inputs. And then, transportation has been a real challenge. And again, some of it's regional. But I think those -- the cost increase is on the labor side, whether it's overtime review employees, it's still the right thing to do because it allows us to get more revenue and more sales.
Mark Wilde: Yeah. And I guess for follow-on, I'm just curious, Mark, it's been a while since we talked about the ownership at Ilim. A few years ago, there was a lot of debate about whether it makes sense to have a bigger stake and to be able to consolidate the EBITDA. I'm also conscious that you've got kind of a single partner on the other side, who may have some estate planning to do. Can you just help us think about the ownership structure for Ilim going forward?
Mark Sutton: We get that question either on calls or in meetings, and our answer is we like the structure we have right now. We think it's all things considered. So all things considered, the way the business is running geopolitics, the whole risk profile of the Company, the other things we had going on in the last couple of years to streamline IP. We believe the 50-50 joint ventures is the right structure. What we are working on is improving Ilim, and the Ilim team is doing a great job investing in their business and growing their business. It's the number one competitive position to serve softwood fiber products to China. And we want to try to find ways to get as much of that value reflected for that 50% ownership position into the shares of IP that we can. So the strong dividend we get, the equity earnings, the exposure to a fast-growing Chinese market in an innovative way, we hope will resonate over time. Ownership changes are always under consideration but it obviously wouldn't talk about something we haven't done. We are very comfortable with the structure we have right now. We have very good partners and we have a great management team that's running the business very-very well.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's really helpful. I mean, I think all of us on the outside could see why in a lot of respects that having a strong local market partner over there makes sense for IP. I will turn it over. Thanks.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. Everyone, good morning. Thanks for the details. Mark and Tim, I want to go back to slide 6. There's been this narrative from a lot of people in the industry that, labor shortages and supply chain, all things that we've been reading and hearing about. Have not only increased costs, but also prevented converters integrated companies, from hitting demand that they see ahead of them. And certainly you pointed that in that slide. Would it be fair to say that [Indiscernible] they are going to be some apples and oranges in this, that the difference between the 1.7% box shipment trend that you saw in the third quarter, relative to the channel growth that you saw or I think you saw, 1.3% was largely those constraints and maybe that's putting too fine a point on it. But what do you think was the loss volume opportunity in [Indiscernible] in the U.S. for you because of that and the related question would be, how much of that loss sales, whatever the number, winds up being recaptured, and how much is permanently lost. Because some things that we're shipping boxes for right now, we're not going to be having Hanukkah and Christmas in February or March. So how would you have us think about those two questions?
Mark Sutton: I think on the reason for the shortfall, the quarter evolve something like this, July we still had more containerboard shortages in different parts of the box system. And we had a heavy order intake and in some cases we just couldn't take the orders. But I will tell you, the majority of the business that we're not getting is new and incremental business. We're not seating share in our existing customer base, so we're unable to always say yes to an order when order when a customer wants -- a new customer wants to give us additional business for the next few months or something, not a long-term contract. The biggest issue July was very difficult. August was better and we were much closer to the market in August. And in September, we were basically tracking with the market. So we improved through the quarter and for us it wasn't labor, labor is a cost issue for us. For us, it was mostly the containerboard availability in the right box [Indiscernible] at the right time. So our inventory recovered nicely in the quarter, but the majority of that recovery occurred in the last month of the quarter. So the foregoing sales really occurred in July and August and it was hard to go -- we couldn't go back and get those. That's why I'm confident even though it wasn't smooth through the quarter, we are entering the fourth quarter in a much healthier position. There is still, as I mentioned on my remarks, a few areas and a few segments that use a specific type of board that we might make it only two mills that we're still tight on. And depending on where demand is and how slow trucks and trains are, we may end up in an issue, but we are in a much better position. So labor wasn't our demand or growth issue, labor is a cost issue because we're asking people to work overtime to make more product. The Board availability was our primary issue.
George Staphos: So Mark, would it be fair to say that again, there is 2% plus that was perhaps foregone. But you're in a pretty good position to recapture that in the fourth quarter, is that an over simplification?
Mark Sutton: It's an oversimplification, but I know what question you're trying to ask and I would say yes. We don't believe we've lost demand. The kind of demand that we couldn't take in many cases is not demand that's loss. Our network is so flexible. Many, many customers that don't buy from us today, want us to be a part of their supply base. They still want us to be a part of their supply base in November when they come back to us.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that. One question on pulp and then one question just in terms of other things that you're doing at the Company to improve value. So as regards to pulp, and we covered this a lot on these calls. We and our colleague analyst. Yes, you saw improvement in the third quarter, but if we do the waterfall into the fourth quarter, we're back to relatively low EBITDA levels for Global Cellulose Fibers. Yes, fluff is less volatile, but we're seeing obviously, commodity paper grade prices dropping pretty sharply. And so, can you remind us what ultimately you would like to see -- what you think would be a fair EBITDA return for the business, for it to be a value creator within the IP portfolio. And then, my other question, you're obviously doing some tremendous things to improve costs and improve value within the Company, the spin of Sovamo, the cost reduction, and commercial initiatives. I think you mentioned at least a couple of times on this call today and we've heard it throughout earnings season already. These are unprecedented times in terms of costs and supply chain inflation. What other things might you be contemplating away from cost but on the commercial side, that might be reflective of a new paradigm and how IP might need to address these challenges to improve return of value for its shareholders going forward? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thank you George. And the first question on Cellulose Fibers, the business is a value-creating enterprise for IP when the EBITDA margins or just north of 20%. And we have that in the third quarter actually. We have value-creating returns and there were some oddities and one-offs. We got a cost structure right now that the business -- any -- no forest products business has ever seen and a supply chain going up that no one's ever seen. I don't believe any of that will be permanent. And so thinking about the business strategically, at the current price levels, at the improving commercial arrangements where we are getting paid for the value we provide for our customers and a future cost structure that is a little more normalized. I think we can be a lot closer to, and we will hit some quarters, whereas a purely value-creating enterprise. Then the question is, how do you get it to be their permanent mixing? We have our packaging business, and that's what we're working on. On the other investment question you asked. An example of some of the things we're working on that are not costs related, will be primarily almost all of our near-term investments will be in the converting system. Aside from just normal protection of cash flow in your mill investment. But things like ideas that we have started to pilot, and we've now done and it's working well. The wide range of customer segments we have. So e-commerce as a general set of customers and a segment is an entirely different set of demands in a plant than more general food uses for example, in boxes, and having e-commerce only, small focused facilities that are located, almost co-located with our customers is an example of investments that we're beginning to develop that will help us on the commercial side. It does two things: It puts the right assets for the right segments in place. And it keeps that business from detracting from the efficiency of the larger plant, which was never maybe built to do that type of packages at that kind of throughput. And so you immediately unlock capacity by making investment A, you've essentially made investment B, by just not running all that stuff in the current plants that it's running it. And you'll see more of that as we go forward.
George Staphos: Alright. Thank you Mark. Thank you, Tim, I'll turnover. Have a good quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thanks, Mark, Tim. So a couple of follow-ups. First just on George 's question, when he was asking about box shipments and you answered, what was an impairment for your relative performance, particularly in July. I think part of the question also is relating to the overall industry box demand in the third quarter looks lower than what people have been anticipating and whether how much of that is being impacted by supply chain or labor issues in the industry, or perhaps with the customer. Particularly given the cost environment that we're in, people are just trying to figure out what can be next steps here to get to the types of margins. And so, specific to from a overall industry perspective, is there a view you can share as to how much demand may have been temporarily depressed versus maybe there's just more generic slowing going on in the business environments?
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Mark, it's Tim. So first of all, third-quarter, fourth-quarter comps are tougher given what happened last year. But I think what we're saying supply chain is affecting everyone. So you look across not only what we're doing in terms of trying to supply customers, but there are supply chain issues across almost every segment that we serve. And that probably I can't quantify it for you, but we know anecdotally that it exists.
Mark Weintraub: So would you say those specific to the Containerboard or BUCKS Business, those supply chain issues and labor issues are also an impediment or is it more just -- more the customer level from where you sit?
Tim Nicholls: No, I mean, we have experienced our own supply chain constraints. There have been at least 10 anecdotally issues of customer constraints as well; Hiring and being able to source and move product, is an issue that I think is widespread across the economy.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think part of what you're hearing Mark about the concerns, about maybe the U.S. holiday season, will you be able to get everything you want? Because people are probably going to operate on their prior patterns, and they will start to look at shopping, whether it's brick-and-mortar online. In the November time period, I think there's going to potentially be a lot of disappointment and so the anecdotal comment Tim made is, customers have told us they could sell and ship more if they had more employees to run their factories. So they're working, they are doing just what we're doing. They're working overtime, they're trying to hire people, but everybody is trying to hire the same people. If you're in an industrial supply chain because it's semi to very skilled labor. And everybody is competing for the same people. And there aren't that many of them out there. That will at some point, I believe correct itself, because there is a ton of money as you all know, pent-up in people and companies to buy things, and I don't think that pent-up demand is going to go anywhere. We are probably going to pass through a period of frustration where people can't get everything they want, you see that in a number of segments. But I think the demand driver is the money people have to spend and consume, and that's not going anywhere. I think once we can all produce what the demand level is through the value chain, we will see, robust demand in the kinds of products that used corrugated for foreseeable future.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great, sometimes you have in the past given an indication of where you thought year ahead box demand might be [Indiscernible] incredibly difficult to be predicting that right now. Perhaps why I'm asking the question, do you have a view as to what the next 6 to 12 months on the box demand side might hold, that you can share?
Tim Nicholls: 6 to 12 months is looking out -- in this environment, looking out quite a long way. I think we feel good in the moment. We -- we're our cut-up as we are in October sequentially, is up between 4 and 5%. So we're taking it month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter.
Mark Weintraub: And what is that year-over-year, I'm curious if you could share that for the October?
Tim Nicholls: Probably flattish on a strong comp last year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. And one last quick one. A follow-up too. You mentioned three to four days more cycle time in getting Board through the system. On a percentage base, what would it normally be? How big an increase is that relative to normal?
Tim Nicholls: Well, we moved roughly 40+ thousand tons a day. So it's three to four, so a 120 to a 160 but in some lanes, it's more than four days. But it's a big number.
Mark Weintraub: I'm sorry. I meant is it normally two weeks, three weeks, and it's an extra three or four days or what would the --
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. We don't typically talk about how we move products in between our facilities, but the increment is a big increment.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thanks Tim.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Mark and Tim, good morning. Hope you're well.
Mark Sutton: Hi, Adam.
Adam Josephson: Hey, Mark and Tim. Tim, just one on the dividend. so can you just talk your initial expectation obviously, last December is that you had reduced the dividend by 15% to 20%. In conjunction with the papers spend, you ultimately decided it would only be 10%. Can you just walk us through your thought process. Why 10 as opposed to the initial 15 to 20? Or no dividend reduction for that matter. Can you just walk us through anything, what transpired since last December along those lines?
Tim Nicholls: At the time we were looking at historically the performance that Papers had contributed to, overall earnings and cash flow performance. And then as we've gone through the year, even though we would've wanted to perform better, had we not had some of these constraints and issues around the supply chain. We felt good about the performance and we felt good about as we look out into the next couple of years. The performance of the Company from a cash flow standpoint. So the key message was returning cash to shareowners is an important part of our capital allocation. And we do it partly through dividend and partly through share repurchases. And we felt like we had latitude to reduce the dividend by smaller amount than what we originally pointed to.
Adam Josephson: Got it I appreciate that. And Tim, one more for you and then just one for Mark, just on the topic of guidance. I've asked you this on previous calls, but just given the enormous uncertainty, supply chain, inflation demand, you name it. How comfortable do you think you would see giving full-year guidance come next year now that the Paper spend is behind you, Kwidzyn sale is behind you, etc. Or are you concerned that there's just so little visibility that it may create more problems than it helps you by doing so.
Tim Nicholls: Well, probably a lot of time and events that transpire between now, and the end of January when we report fourth quarter and think about 2022. Seeing some normalization to some of these issues that everyone's pointing to, would be helpful and probably necessary to give, a longer-term outlook for performance of the business, in a quantifiable way. But I do think given the issues that we've come from and where we are, having repaired the supply chain. Starting to scale the initiatives that Mark covered in his commentary, felt pretty good about how things are beginning to shape up for 2022. So let's see, let's see where we are, but it's something that's in the January.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that. And just Mark, one more on box demand for me, which is I think we're all caught offsides by what happened in the third quarter. We all expected some growth, or speaking for myself at least. The supply chain issues don't seem to be going away anytime soon. Is it reasonable to expect embedded in your volume guidance 3Q to 4Q if I think 65 million of growth in industrial packaging? Are you expecting to be up year-over-year in the fourth quarter or flattish or can you just give us any sense of what you think you're going to do or the industry might do relative to the third quarter, which was obviously unexpectedly flat because of some of the issues you flagged?
Mark Sutton: I think Tim mentioned the October experience so far and -- on a year-over-year and called it flattish. We would expect pretty close to last year. So flattish on a year-over-year basis, which is on a pretty -- as you know, out of a pretty tough [Indiscernible].
Adam Josephson: Yeah.
Mark Sutton: For us, the confidence in that 65 million of earnings improvement from volume that Tim talked about, it's primarily, kind of, again, an IP specific. We are much better positioned with containerboard inventory going into this quarter so that we won't have to forego some of the sales opportunities we just couldn't meet in the, really, second and the third quarter. So that's why we feel confident. Again, our restriction was primarily our containerboard available. In theory we could have put containerboard to our box plants by cutting off other customers that are just as profitable and just as strategic, of course we didn't do that and we wouldn't do that. So now we are on the ability to take these very high value open market channels that have really been growing nicely, and our own box business and not be as constrained as we have been by containerboard. Downstream from us and including us, the labor component that our customers are dealing with, I think will begin to improve. I think the demand environment and the supply chain issues in the third quarter and the labor challenges, I think surprised a lot of people in a lot of different value chains. And of course they've been working on it. There's a lot of innovative approaches to hiring people right now. And that will produce some positive results, I believe in the fourth quarter. And at least from what our customers are telling us about their expected demand and what they want us to prepare for, they are planning on solving some of their -- for them mainly labor issues to have enough people to work to make the products they have demand for. So we think some of that will be getting better over the next few months.
Adam Josephson: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Thanks very much. Good morning, Mark, Tim and Guillermo. I appreciate taking my questions today. Just two quick ones. Just realizing the supply chain, obviously, this tremendous headwinds to volumes. Can you talk just a little bit more about the specific end-markets themselves, and if there were any sectors that either stood out as being advantages or disadvantages? And then, just specifically on e-commerce, what are you seeing there? Particularly some of the larger e-commerce players, would it be Amazon or Etsy have indicated more modest growth.
Mark Sutton: Well, we deal with most of the major players in E-commerce, whether it's B to C, E-commerce or B to D E-commerce. And our customers, the once we have and we don't speak for any of the industry, the ones that we have are still pretty bullish on their fourth quarter and are asking us to prepare for levels of demand that are still very, very strong. On the first part of your question around supply chain, I think anybody who's transportation heavy like, some of the food companies, are struggling with some of the same velocity issues that we're struggling with. Anybody who is taking in products from outside the U.S. and has to get through the ports, are running into product availability. Then on the labor side, I think it's a smattering really everywhere. The competition is most heated in the more populated areas. You might have a distribution center for an e-commerce player, and a box plant from IP, and two box plants from other people, and another light manufacturing of some type, all competing for skilled labor. If you're a food manufacturer in the middle of a rural area, your labor situations probably more manageable, and that's what we see. Our labor situation primarily shows up in our box plans, which are near cities and near a lot of labor competition. Our mills are more rural and they are in much better shape from a continuity of labor.
Mike Roxland: And just following up on that quickly, so would you say that your demand and your ability to satisfy your demand is better away from major cities?
Mark Sutton: No, not really. No, I was just making the comment on labor. The problem with being away from major cities in the box business, unless it's a food processor that's located rural, that's where the customers and box users are. So you -- it's a theoretical statement to say, I wish my box plants were away from cities. Most of the manufacturing products are near population centers on the box side. But if you go upstream in the value chain to where the container board is made, it's made near the forest, of course, in most cases. And so, it's just a less populated area. So labor availability and long-term labor loyalty to there employer is a lot higher.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Just one quick follow-up. Just on Europe Industrial Packaging was negative feedback, 4 million for the quarter. Just some of the issues that drove that loss this quarter?
Mark Sutton: I think the biggest issue in Europe, I think that's what you asked about Europe Packaging. There's 2 issues going on. We have one large recycled containerboard, so they're 100% exposed to the recovered Fiber market. And that cost really, really rose. And then you have the kind of unprecedented natural gas cost issues in Europe. And it will take a little bit of time for product pricing to catch up with that. So it was more of a timing quarter issue than a structural issue.
Mike Roxland: Got it. Thanks again and good luck in the fourth quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mike. Listen, you can tell from our conversation this morning, the questions and even our prepared remarks. It's really easy to live in this moment of craziness in the supply chain and really kind of dwell on it. But I'm personally confident that we'll continue to manage and overcome what we're dealing with today. We've got a tremendous team that's skilled [Indiscernible] operating and they do a great job every day, every week, every month. We do expect, as I mentioned in prepared remarks and in some of the answers to the questions that we expect our margins to recover further in the fourth quarter and we expect to be heading into 2022 with significant momentum. I'm equally confident and very optimistic about our future. We just showed you 2 slides today on some of the value drivers. We have a lot more to share with you as we go forward. We have the right plan, the right people to deliver on our commitments, to build a better IP. Tim took you through our capital allocation framework. I'll say it again, we haven't been in this position on cash generation and cash return ability in almost forever. And we're excited about building a good portion of our total shareholder return on -- return of cash to shareholders, dividend, share repurchase. And then the value drivers and the focused IP delivers the other half, which is going to come with the profitable growth that we have in our sites. So thank you for your interest in International Paper. We'd really look forward to speaking with you again in the future.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today International Paper, third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President-Investor Relations. Guillermo, you may begin.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Shelly. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is also available on our website. Our website contains copies of our second quarter 2021 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim joint venture, Slide 2 provides context around the joint venture’s financial information and statistical measures. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo. Good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3. International Paper delivered solid earnings growth and strong cash generation in the second quarter. We continue to see very strong demand for corrugated packaging and containerboard and solid demand for fluff pulp. And in our paper's business, demand recovery accelerated in the second quarter across our key geographies. We grew revenue by 15% as compared to the second quarter of last year, with price realization accelerating in all of our business segments. Our mill and converting system performed well. However, we operated with extremely low containerboard inventory across our packaging network, due to two facts: the lingering effects of the winter storm in the first quarter and then our planned maintenance outages in the second quarter. These operating conditions severely stressed along with severely stressed transportation environments, adversely affected volume and operating costs in the second quarter. Input costs and freight were significant headwind in just about every category. I would call out the sharp rise in recovered fiber costs in North America and Europe. Although, it certainly had a significant cost impact and it is another indication of the strong demand environment. Our Ilim joint venture delivered outstanding performance with equity earnings of $101 million in the second quarter and a strong outlook as we move into the third quarter. On capital allocation, we're making significant progress strengthening our balance sheet. In the second quarter, we reduced debt by $796 million. We also returned $258 million to our shareowners, including $57 million of share repurchases. During the second quarter, we monetized our remaining stake in Graphic Packaging. I'm really pleased with the return on our investment. We structured the transaction in 2018, maximized the value of the Consumer Packaging business for our shareholders. Looking ahead, we're making excellent progress on the spin-off of our Printing Papers business, which we expect to complete on October 1. Across IP, the team is doing an outstanding job managing complexity. We remain diligent in applying COVID-19 layers of protection for our employees and contractors. And I really appreciate our team's commitment to execute well, take care of each other and take care of our customers as we work together to build a better IP for our shareholders and really all of our stakeholders. I'm going to turn to Slide 4 now, which shows our second quarter results. We delivered EBITDA of $793 million and free cash flow of $633 million, which brings our free cash flow generation to more than $1 billion for the first half of 2021. Revenue increased by $750 million or 15% as compared to last year, driven by higher average prices in our three businesses, as well as volume growth in our Packaging and Paper's businesses. Margins improved sequentially with price realization outpacing higher input and transportation costs. We expect margins to expand meaningfully in the second half of the year as price realization outpaces rising input and transportation costs, and importantly, as we stepped down from our highest maintenance quarter of a year. Now I'll turn it over to Tim, who will cover our business performance as well as our third quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on Slide 5, second quarter operating earnings per share were $1.06 as compared to $0.76 in the first quarter. Price and max improved by nearly $0.50 per share sequentially, driven by very strong price realizations across all of our business segments. Volume was essentially flat versus last quarter, demand for corrugated packaging is very strong and demand for fluff pulp is solid, while demand for papers continues to recover in all key regions. Second quarter volume and our North American packaging business was constrained by severely low containerboard inventory and fluff pulp shipments were hampered by significant port congestion. Our mills and converting system performing well. Operating costs were adverssely impacted by a highly stressed supply chain environment for both inbound materials to help down shipments as well as the exceptionally low containerboard inventory conditions and our North America packaging system. Maintenance outage costs increased by 18% sequentially as we completed our highest maintenance outage quarter of the year. On absolute level, maintenance costs were $250 million in the second quarter. Input costs were a significant headwind for most materials and energy costs remain elevated, providing little relief following the winter storm. OCC represented about half of the sequential increase in input costs.  Although some of the pressure in input costs could be transitory such as the impact of heavy rainfall on our wood cost in the Gulf region. The extremely tight transportation environment will continue to put pressure on all inbound materials. Every mode of transportation is tight and we expect them to remain tight as we move to the second half of year. Corporate expenses benefited from favorable reserve adjustments. Our tax rate of 24% in the second quarter was sequentially lower, primarily due to a discrete period tax benefit, and equity earnings improved substantially on very strong performance from Ilim. Turning to the segments and starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 6, we continue to see strong demand across all channels, including boxes, sheets, and containerboard. As Mark indicated, we operated with extremely low container-board inventory in the U.S. system. These conditions impacted volume and operating costs in the quarter. We are working to replenish inventories following the winter storm and maintenance outages as we manage through a tight transportation environment. Taking a look at our second quarter performance, volume was sequentially flat. Strong demand in our North American box and containerboard channels, offset lower seasonal demand in our EMEA business. Volume across our U.S. chnnels grew by 10% as compared to last year, which includes our U.S. box system, open market containerboard customers, as well as our recent equity partnerships with strategic sheet feeders. Price and mix increased by about $110 million in the quarter. We're making excellent progress on the realization of our margin increase. Our mills and converting systems performed well. However, operating costs were impacted by severely low containerboard inventories and stress transportation environment with congestion across all modes. Maintenance outage costs increased sequentially as we completed the highest maintenance outage quarter of the year. In our Industrial Packaging business, we've completed about 75% of our planned maintenance outages in the first half of the year. Input costs were a significant headwind in the quarter, primarily driven by higher costs for OCC, chemicals and distribution. About $10 million of the sequential increase in input cost occurred in our EMEA packaging business, primarily for OCC and energy. Taking a closer look at OCC, we consume about 5 million tons annually across our U.S. mill system and Spain. We see the rise in OCC cost as a reflection of the underlying strength and global demand for corrugated packaging. We expect OCC costs to rise further in the third quarter, even as seasonal generation improves. We expect continued U.S. and export demand, especially from India and Southeast Asia, which were largely offsetting pre-restriction OCC exports to China. Turning to Slide 7. We're well positioned for strong earnings growth and margin expansion in our packaging business in the third and fourth quarter. Demand is strong across all our channels. We expect continued robust volume growth across our U.S. channels and we're making excellent progress on the price realization of our margin increase. Our containerboard inventories will enable operational and supply chain efficiencies, as we move through the second half of the year. We do expect further transportation in the third quarter with substantial pressure on OCC and transportation cost. Our teams are doing an admirable job managing costs in tough environment. We expect further opportunities to be more efficient as inventories are little while. In addition, our commercial initiatives are outpacing cost, pressure and positions for strong margin expansion in second half of the year. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 8. Demand from fluff pulp is solid and the end-user demand signal for absorbent hygiene products is healthy. Looking at our sequential earnings price and mix improved by $104 million in the second quarter with price realization accelerating across all regions and segments as expected. Volume was moderately lower due to significant U.S. port congestion and frequent vessel schedule changes which delayed our shipments. Mill performance was strong, however, operating costs were impacted by the type of supply chain environment, we expect these conditions to continue in the third quarter. Maintenance outage costs decreased as expected and input costs were moderately higher with lower lead cost in the Mid-Atlantic region offset by higher chemical and energy cost. Turning to Printing Papers on Slide 9. Our papers business delivered earnings of $76 million in the second quarter with continued strong cash generation. Our Printing Papers business carries strong momentum as we approached the spinoff on October 1. And then it continues to recover in all of our key regions, additionally, our volume recovery is outpacing the industry through the strength of our global brands and commercial excellence. Looking at the second quarter performance, price and mix improved by nearly $30 million with price realization across all regions. Fixed absorption improved with lower economic downtime in our North American mill system. However operating costs were impacted by the tight transportation department. We executed the heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year as well. And on input costs, we experienced pressure on wood, chemicals and freight. As I said earlier, we're on track to spinoff the papers business on October 1, separation planning is progressing well and we expect to file the Form-10 with details of the spinoff in the first half of August. As you would expect, there is significant flexibility. Our teams are doing an outstanding job managing the business as we prepare for a successful separation. Looking at the Ilim results on Slide 10. The joint venture delivered equity earnings of $101 million in the second quarter with an EBITDA margin of 47% driven by strong price realization for pulp and containerboard. Volume improved sequentially on strong demands for pulp and containerboard, as well as more shipping days in the second quarter, following the impact of the Chinese New Year in the prior quarter. Underlying demand that stable following inventory restricting during the first half of 2021, shipping capacity is tight and supply chains to China are stretched. Third quarter volume is expected to decrease moderately as Ilim executes the majority of its annual maintenance program. So now we'll turn to the outlook for the third quarter on Slide 12. As Mark said earlier, we expect meaningful earnings and margin expansion as we move to the third quarter. Looking at industrial packaging, we expect price and mix to improve by $110 million on the continued realization of our March, 2021 price increase. Volume in North America is expected to improve by $10 million, while volume in Europe is expected to decrease by $10 million. Operating costs are expected to improve by $5 million with the North American system benefiting from a gradual recovery and containerboard inventory levels. Staying with industrial packaging, maintenance outages expenses are expected to be down by $122 million. Input costs are expected to increase by $85 million with OCC representing about 60% of the expected increase. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to increase by $60 million on realization of prior price movements. Volume is expected to increase by $10 million. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $5 million on continued supply chain stress due to port congestion. Maintenance outages expense is expected to decrease by $15 million and input costs are expected to increase by $10 billion on higher wood and chemical costs. In printing papers, we expect pricing and mix to increase by $25 million. Volume is expected to increase by $5 million. Operations and costs are expected to be unchanged. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $23 million and input costs are expected to increase by $10 million, primarily due to higher wood cost. And under the equity earnings, you'll see the outlook for our Ilim joint ventures. I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in the quarter. We're committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet, we're comfortable taking it on leverage below the target range of 2.5 times to 2.8 times debt-to-EBITDA on a Moody's basis. In the first quarter we – in the second quarter we reduced debt by $796 million, bringing our debt reduction to $904 million in the first half of 2021. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the second quarter we returned $258 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Sharing repurchases were $57 million, which represented 1 million shares at an average price of $60.80. We have about $1.5 billion available under the company's share repurchase authorization at the end of the second quarter. Lastly, in the second quarter we monetized our remaining stake in Graphic Packaging for about $400 million, this brings our total cash proceeds on the investment to $1.3 billion before expected cash taxes of about $300 million in the second half of 2021. As a reminder, we also have a tax receivable agreement with Graphic Packaging under which we expect to receive about $100 million in cash proceeds during the second half of 2021. With that, I'll turn it back over Mark.
Mark Sutton: Tim, thank you very much for all the detail. As we look forward, we're positioned for strong earnings and margin expansion in the second half of 2021. My confidence in making a statement saves on the following. Our commercial initiatives are driving revenue growth and our building converting systems will regain meaningful operational and supply chain efficiencies, as we replenish inventories. Although raising input cost will likely linger, uncertain we can successfully navigate the environment, given the strong demand backdrop. Our papers business carries strong momentum as we approach the October 1 spinoff. Our team is doing an outstanding job, managing the business and taking care of customers. I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their tireless efforts as we plan for a successful separation. As we moved through 2021, we had a significant operating and non-operating cash catalyst, and we are laser focused on the capital allocation framework that Tim just described. All of our cash will flow through our framework with one objective, maximizing value creation for our shareholders. I'm excited about the actions we're taking to build a better IP or accelerating earnings growth and building a foundation for long-term success. We're looking forward to sharing more about that with you in the months ahead. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Thanks for taking my question. I guess my first question, Mark, you and Tim have talked about this in the past about running the cash flow generation that the company has both from an operating standpoint and non-operating, since you have so many transactions that have been occurring this year and will continue to occur this year through your framework. What should we take away from that in terms of what tools that you have in your quiver may be more applicable now versus what might have been the case three and six months ago? And Tim, what gives you comfort and why you think it's appropriate in your view for leverage to drop below your target range? What are the things that you think make that prudent strategy, if you can give us a couple of thoughts there? And then I had a follow-on.
Tim Nicholls: Sure. Good morning, George.
George Staphos: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Nicholls: The way we're thinking about it is, we are trying to maximize value. We have a lot of cash coming in, in a moment. We do – everything looks positive as we go forward, but we recognize this as a cyclical business to some extent. And so, the relation to the balance sheet where we are trying to build strength, reduce risk and also the flexibility and optionality. And so taking it down below the target range, which is really a target range through a cycle, sometimes we'll be below and sometimes will not be a little bit above. But we just view it, that coupled with our attention performances, derisking the company share repurchases and dividend is very important. And so that is over time as we not necessarily quarter-by-quarter, but over year-by-year. We look to be returning substantial amounts of cash to shareholders, and then everything else gets tested, whether it's organic or small bolt-on types of acquisitions, it gets tested against that.
George Staphos: As a follow-on, would the accelerating performance that you are seeing into the second half be any way guide or compass point for you in terms of how you may further allocate capital, especially, to value return over the rest of the year into 2022? Or is it really not so much because you look at this on a longer-term basis? And what are the whys and why not on that? And then my related question, I'll turn it over for everyone. Do you have any kind of view that you could share with how much cash Sylvamo will need to operate on an ongoing basis? Thank you very much.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Just on the last, we do. And that will be - the Form 10 is going to be coming out here in short order and I think that will answer all the questions. To your first part of your question, I think, we try to look at both. We try to look at circumstances in the moment, but we definitely have a long-term view and we're thinking about how to create value and what our value is over time. So I hope we try to take those into the calendar for time.
Mark Sutton: Tim, if I could and George just wrap up that was a lot of ground covered in the capital allocation questions that you asked. And we do take a long-term view. And as I said last quarter, one of the things we're really excited about is that we've got IP position for the first time in really almost forever or definitely recent memory for our entire capital allocation levered set, strong balance sheet, ability to pay strong dividend, share repurchases at the right times, and very importantly, smart investments in our business, as Tim said, organic or inorganic. We have all of those levers available at the same time. And our past history, as all of you know, is we’ve had two or three or maybe two out of four, sometimes only one out of four. And that's what we really are excited about as we're going forward. As we separate into two companies, the new IP is going to have a capital allocation posture that we haven't had in a long time. And that's very exciting for our shareholders. It's very exciting for the company, because we have options to grow the businesses that are growing to manage our return of cash, all generating, hopefully, outstanding shareholder return.
George Staphos: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde from Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, Mark and Tim. Thanks for taking my question. I guess not to deliver the point here, but – and I appreciate that there is somewhat of a wall of worry out there. But I think one of your peers kind of talked about potentially, a structurally higher level of demand for corrugated for various reasons, whether it's e-commerce or potential onshoring and manufacturing activity. So I guess, ask the question a little bit differently. Your balance sheet and pension probably have not been in as good as shape for two to three decades. Is there something that you see around the corner that gives you pause in terms of any of your businesses and it sounds like again, pretty near – constructive near-term outlook? I'll stop there.
Mark Sutton: No, Gabe. I think we also do the corrugated packaging market as potentially having a bit of a reset through this last year-and-a-half. We listened to our customers on that, which I'm not sure where it's 8% every quarter-over-quarter and quarter out like it was in the last quarter. But definitely, a step up from the low single-digit growth rates, and that's what we want to be positioned for. When we talk about growing at a minimum with the market, we mean over time and a reasonable assumption of growth on the U.S. market, and that's a number that I think is leaning towards the higher end, just because of a couple of things. The adoption of e-commerce through the pandemic, which has, I think proven to be very sticky and valuable proposition that fiber-based packaging represents to people in terms of its circularity, renewable natural resources, making energy in carbon-neutral biomass way, and a high recycling rate is finally with all the talk about sustainability and climate and a number of other issues finally getting attention all the way down to the consumer level. So we're very excited about the corrugated packaging outlook. And we want to make sure we're there with the right asset base, the right customer list, the right technical capabilities to grow – to sharing that growth.
Gabe Hajde: All right. Thank you, Mark. And I guess switching gears, are you guys prepared at all, it's been call it eight months or so since you've announced the $350 million to $400 million of cost reduction to provide maybe a little bit more detail either, cadence of that of how we might expect it to flow through. I'm assuming maybe we've seen a little bit here in the first half, but – and then maybe by segment, what you expect to see or is that something you maybe prefer to wait to talk about?
Mark Sutton: Yes, Gabe, we plan on starting that as we head towards the third quarter release and then for the end of the year to get an expectation about 2022 performance.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. On Industrial Packaging, the FPA and AF&PA data would suggest that sort of industry inventories are kind of closer back to a normal or more of a normally historic level for July. I'm just wondering if it's possible to quantify or put a finer point on how far below you are sort of normal or comfortable levels of inventory and sort of where that was exiting the quarter, and maybe as we're here at the end of July?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It's – I mean through the second quarter, we saw the lowest inventory levels in our system that we've probably ever experienced. Coming out of the second quarter into the July, we're able to start recovering a little bit of that, but look we're – I mean the winter storm impacted us hard 145,000 tons followed by that normally high outage quarter in the second quarter. So it's going to take a little bit of time for us to recover that as we go through third quarter and probably into the fourth quarter to some extent. So yes, we were at our lowest levels we've ever seen in the second quarter.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, I think the other perspective on inventories and I've seen a lot written by analysts on normal inventories and one, just thing to remember the way we look at it. Normal inventories averages from the past, tend to correlate with more normal supply chain environment, so normal transportation, velocity, so forth and so on. And we are nowhere near any kind of normal supply chain performance by third-party partners in the transportation world. So our inventory view in IP for the next quarter and the quarter after that is also influenced and adjusted by what's happening in the transportation and supply chain networks. So I would expect that normal right now should be higher levels of inventory to perform the same with customers as we had when transportation velocity was much higher.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And the point well taken, and then just maybe following up on capital allocation. In terms of – you talked about the willingness to potentially go under the 2.5 times to 2.8 times range at what is, I think a pretty positive part of the cycle. As you look to the spin, would you look at revisiting that 2.5 times to 2.8 times target range either up or down? I mean, you're going to have a more durable, higher quality business with industrial packaging and pulp. At the same time you have a publicly traded competitor and containerboard that's been operating closer to one turn or certainly below two turns. So just wondering if you could talk about the range and maybe your willingness to revisit it over the long-term?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It’s a great question, Anthony. And certainly, we – none of this is static, right? So we wanted to be understood and we want to be consistent and true to the framework as we talk about it. But that doesn't bother us from reevaluating based on portfolio and other specifics potential changes that we think are beneficial to our investors and stakeholders, so nothing now, but something that we will turn over time.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, I think the way you should probably think about how we make that decision together Tim and his team and me is, we try to look at the company and its optimal weighted average cost of capital, a portion of that is what credit rating we need to have that delivers and supports that. So you're absolutely right, we're going to be a different company going forward, that analysis is something that we do continuously, we’re relied at the credit rating target we have based on the company, we will continue to look at that and try and make sure that our ROIC is constructed in the most effective way to get the best solid high quality return we can for shareholders and definitely debt ratios and credit ratings are part of that.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Wanted to first just get maybe more color on the targeted volumes, solid up 3.9% industry though was up 8.2%. You mentioned supply chain and other challenges you had. Did that actually suppressed where your volumes otherwise would have been, and if that was the case, is that business that when your system's operating easily comes back or can you kind of give us some color on how to understand the volume situation?
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think the way to think about the – I was looking at what we had – what we sort of put in our outlook in the first quarter call. And we actually had stronger performance and we thought we were going to have, but we didn't know like a lot of people didn't know the market was going to grow 8%. We had the inability doing a quarter in some cases to pick up incremental business, we didn’t lose any business, because our core customer lists that was coming into the quarter as business. There may be some business that we didn't bid, most of it is shorter-term business. So that the answer is, yes, we have people still call on us today. Can you supply me more boxes? In some cases we can, we just couldn't do it in the second quarter. So I'm not concerned about losing anything permanently. We basically had a classic mismatch between the available capacity in our system and the demand in a 90-day period.
Mark Weintraub: And when you say the available capacity, is that because your capacity during these 90-days were constrained by unusual factors, or basically you're just pretty much running full to your system?
Mark Sutton: Yes, the two factors I mentioned Mark in my opening comments, we have more than one quarter of recovery from the winter storm, 140,000 tons just evaporated from our containerboard supply chain. And on top of that, we had a highest maintenance quarter in ITT in the last 10 years. So if you just normalize what was above normal maintenance plus that winter storm, that's a chunk of containerboard capacity that could not be converted into a box. And that's coming back, it's just going to take a little while to get it back. So what we had available ran wide open, but we have the capacity offline for maintenance and we have the lingering effect of the 140,000 tons from the first quarter. None of those are permanent, all of those will be significantly improved as we navigate through the second half.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. And then just on pulp, as the great price mix showing in the quarter and you pointed to another I think it was $60 million or so for the third quarter. Does that pretty much reflect all of the benefit from – the pricing that's already happened, forgetting about what happens from here or, or the way your contracts set up? Is there meaningful additional lag that might come through based on what's happened previously with posted prices?
Mark Sutton: So that's a complicated question, because of the nature of some of these contracts by customer type by region. But let me just kind of state – restate what we talked about the last two quarters, that a, you could expect, quarter-by-over – quarter-over-quarter improvement in this business, steady improvement in this business, and we're seeing that. But our strategy is to have the kind of margins in this business that reflect the value that fluff pulp provides for the end use customers. So we're taking a very structured, very measured approach to each market segment and to the agreements we currently have in those segments with individual customers. And so, as we implement this approach, we would expect that there’d be some volume shifts and movement between segments. And our goal is to have mix improvement, better agreements with better economics that reflect the value of fluff pulp. And that is a kind of customer-by-customer region of the world by region of the world and I would expect and we're making progress, good progress on that. But given the length of some of these agreements and the way they're structured, we should expect to continue to see margins improve over the next several quarters. So that's a long complicated answer to whether we have any more price flow through, it's not just about price flow through, it’s about restructuring these commercial agreements and getting the proper value for this product.
Mark Weintraub: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark; good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: I was wondered Mark or Kim, if you can just help us a little bit with kind of cadencing the pass-through of the spring containerboard hike. And then, I don't think you said anything about this perspective early August hike, so maybe if you could just give us some color around that as well, just as we think about the next couple of quarters and into 2022.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Hey Mark, it’s Tim. So I think the increase from the fall as we talked about last quarter went through a record amount of time, it was the fastest size I've ever seen. The pace on the second one, we were kind of expecting a normal historical rent up on it, it seems to be going faster, not as fast as the first, but still faster than what we've seen over time. We'll see as August comes, we'll see how that will plunge out. But right now we see our fundamentals looking very strong, we’ve seen strong demand and as Mark talks about, all of the complications from the supply chain are really stretching inventory tighter than they would normally be. So far this is the first two price increase implementations we feel really good.
Mark Wilde: Well. So can you give us a sense Tim, of how much benefit from that spring hike you've had in the second quarter? And just order of magnitude what we might expect in the third and fourth quarters?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think if you look at the two of them combined, we'd be about 80% complete on implantation at this point.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then any thoughts on sort of how August would roll in?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I don't know, I mean that's forward-looking and we feel very confident at the moment, but I don’t want to speak to forecasting price at this point.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's fair. Mark, I just want to as a follow-up turn to the containerboard business from just a kind of a supply and demand standpoint. Does this continue to strengthen in global containerboard demand? Is it altered your thinking at all about investing in either the bottlenecking projects at the existing mills or potentially the timing on that second conversion at Riverdale? And are you also doing anything to kind of gear up capacity on the converting side as e-commerce continues to grow as a bigger and bigger percentage of the market?
Mark Sutton: That’s three question Mark. And the answer is, coming into maybe the middle of 2020, we were saying, and I was saying, we feel really good about our containerboard capacity, we have what we need, the amount, the type of grades. When everything is running, we have enough capacity. But everything isn’t running every day, colleges and of course events that you don't predict like that winter storm issue. But yes, we are looking continuously at debottleneck and we've done a bunch of that in the last several years painfully, because we need that containerboard now. We are looking at different options for adding containerboard into our system, if it looks like this kind of demand level it’s going to be consistent. Remember we are structured maybe a little bit uniquely in the sense that we bring containerboard to market, if the three distinct channels, our own box network open market in North America to companies that provide a certain service in the box market and the long-term partners of ours, but we don't make the box and then our export. So much you have seen and you will continue to see is movement of containerboard within those three channels. And obviously, we have favored the U.S. box market as much as we can, but trying to continue over time, not just in the second quarter of 2021, but over time get the highest possible margins at our business by participating in ultimately those channels. Containerboards you're right, is a high demand product all over the law, but recycled and virgin, we obviously only export the virgin, we saw the virgin version of it. Box capacity, we've been actively investing locally with the acquisitions we did with that in the early part of the past period, we had a lot of opportunities to fill out existing plans by adding single or a double lines of box making equipment. We've built a few plants and we've acquired a couple of partnerships, but there's definitely opportunity for us to continue to invest in our converting network. The other option with converting as you well know, Mark is when you know demand looks like it's going to be solid. You can bring on more employees and actually fill out an extra shift in many plants. And you've got lean capacity turned into productive capacity. You obviously want to do that when you're pretty sure. And first do it with over time and then you do them with permanent employees. That's a challenge right now, given the main market dynamics, but we've got several levers to pull to continue to invest in not only box capacity, but the kinds of capability we have, e-commerce specific assets for example, is something that we're also bringing to market.
Mark Wilde: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks Mark. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Tim mentioned that white paper price mix maybe about $30 million, but when I look at overall revenue per ton in this segment, we've got only a couple of bucks, which implies that maybe oversees price mix was flat or even down. Can you talk about price index across your system, particularly outside the U.S. on the white paper side?
Tim Nicholls: On white paper side, it’s just a little bit muffled coming through. So when you are talking about looking forward, Mark.
Mark Connelly: No, I'm curious, what's happening in the system right now. It looks like you got some gains in the U.S. but you didn't really get much across the entire white paper business?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Well, I mean, all the regions we're seeing price increases or realization of price increases in some degree, some of this in other regions started earlier in the year. So Russia was kind of on the forefront earlier in the year, implementing a price increase. Brazil as well, domestically so those are sort of – they're running their course and playing out where we still see traction in North America and in some of the export markets as well.
Mark Connelly: Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. And Mark, just to switch gears completely I'm curious what your position is on this packaging stewardship legislation that we're starting to see, as states try to create incentives to reduce – you've pointed to the growth in e-commerce, which some of these states are pointing to as part of the problem. But how do you – ASPA is against containerboards being included? So how do you think about containerboard industry responsibility, what should it be, if the legislation should not apply to you?
Mark Sutton: I think if you look at the legislation in detail, there's a federal view that's kind of in its nascent stage. And there's a state by state view and we are actively working in the state by state legislatures. The big issue and the big goal of this extended producer responsibility tech legislation was really targeted non-recyclable or hard to recycle in many cases, plastics. In some cases that has led people to believe all packaging should be included. So the first thing is separating the facts of what corrugated packaging can do, and actually corrugated packaging could be a solution to the problem because of the high recycling rates. But that message has to get to policy makers. And we worked very hard on that. I spend a fair amount of my personal time talking to people about that. And in many cases, it's a new learning mark for people at the local level, that there is a completely different story on fiber-based packaging, it's made from renewable resource and a high recycling rate in the 90% range versus many of the other substrate choices. So I think that's the case we're making that is actually part of the solution, not part of the problem. But as usual in legislation, sometimes it starts with a blanket, all packaging needs to be managed in a different way and people need to be responsible for their packaging that they put out there when we have a system. So for example, we spend a lot of times and it's in there right now. On the infrastructure work that commerce is working on, in that bipartisan agreement, they made yesterday a significant amount of investment in recycling networks in the country is part of that. We'll see if it stays in there, but that's the answer is improving recycling rates for even to recycle and reuse materials. That's the value proposition for corrugated packaging, not being included in the intent of similar legislation.
Mark Connelly: That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, good morning, everyone. Appreciating the winter storms was a big hit for you guys, but Tim or Mark, do you expect inventory gaining back to a more manageable level for containerboard in 3Q, where you'll be able to better capitalize on the growth we're seeing and get operating costs back to more normalized level, making the past. You've always kind of targeted to grow faster than the market, but any color on kind of gained back on track on that goal.
Mark Sutton: Phil, we think it will be a steady progress. It won't be all solved in the third quarter. We think we'll make steady progress through the second half of the year. We have targeted to grow at or slightly above the market over time. We were really hampered in their ability to do that in the last couple of quarters because of the issues you just mentioned. But we will definitely have more options available for incremental growth as we go forward. Just based on the fact that we won't have so much of our system down for maintenance, but it will take a slow and steady progress month after month through the second half.
Philip Ng: So we should still expect you to lag the market a little bit in 3Q and…
Mark Sutton: Not necessarily, not necessarily, a part in what happens in 90 days, but that's a pretty short period of time. Part of what happens in the 90 day period is your segment exposure and what happens in seasonality if you've got more of this versus that. And so I think you should – I wouldn't automatically assume the lag the market. But I think it will take us the next second half of the year to get to the point where we feel comfortable that our inventories are more sustainable. I think the first thing we'll see is we won't miss any sales. The second thing we'll see is our costs will come down.
Philip Ng: Super helpful and then pulp prices appreciate its volatile nature. It's a commodity both softwood and fluff pulp prices really surge this year, but the market appears to have softened up a bit. What's your crystal ball saying in terms of pricing for fluffing softwood pulp globally? And do you have a view in terms of how much inventory levels are in the channel? It's tougher to gauge just given some of the logistical bottlenecks you guys are seeing in the market?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't want to forecast price looking forward. I've talked about how we think about the mom of what we believe we're seeing. We're seeing a bit of a pullback in some of the markets. Our view at the moment is that things are more stable. And look at not only the underlying demand models but the transportation difficulties, which are really in effect extending supply chains at this point. So you're right, full commodity product, but our view at the moment is this is a bit of a correction, not a complete turn.
Philip Ng: Okay. Super helpful, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson from Keybanc.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim, good morning. Hope you're well. Mark, one more on pulp and then I have a containerboard question. I appreciate your comments that you expect segment margins to improve over the next several quarters. But when I looked at the last 10 quarters, it's been a pretty tough slog for the business. And as Phil just said, prices in China have been coming down of late. So I guess, what gives you confidence just given what's happened over the past two to three years, that this is a business in which you have a meaningful, competitive advantage?
Mark Sutton: Well, if you think about the remarks, I made a couple of questions ago about what we're changing in the business versus the last 10 months or the last 10 quarters. That's what gives me confidence that this is a very value creating material for our end user customers. And we just happen to always extract it that proper value that gives us a value creating return. And that's what we're working on. I think the growth rate will stay solid as economies around the world improve. So there's a growth component, but we're going to run the business in a different way than it's been run before. When we made the decision to invest in the business, it changes the profile of this being a legitimate first rate business for a company versus in many cases, a smaller side sideline type of business. And some of that's reflected in some of the way the commercial agreements have been made. And we're working on changing that for the better.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that Mark. And just one on boxed and I think you mentioned earlier in the call that long-term you think the market could be at the high end of that 1% to 2% range that you were talking about? I just want to make sure I understand that. So let's say the market is up another 4% this year after 3.5%, you're talking about kind of an 8% step change upward post-pandemic in a market that had been growing at 1% per annum. Are you thinking that we're going to keep stay at these higher levels and grow on top of that or that there could be some correction as retail sales normalize, and then we'll get back to some kind of growth trend?
Mark Sutton: Yes, that's – I mean, it's hard to predict that with certainty obviously, but we believe that part of what’s happening is the goal that fiber-based packaging is playing in general commerce driven by a few segments, has taken a step change off. And so we think the base will be stronger. It depends on a lot of things and number one, the structure of the U.S. economy. And so if there is really action on some of the things that have been learned now around supply chains and global issues with supply chains and we do have more manufacturing that actually occurs in the U.S. for certain components, I think that'll bode well for the business and then how strong the consumer is going forward. Coming out of this, I think you're looking at maybe what's going to be close to two years of pent-up demand by consumers because of the things that happened during the pandemic and how that plays out and consumption will play a big role in what that growth rates going to be. I think the data, we have this model we use, I know others have models. There's third parties that are models, a correlation around GDP and has been slightly less, has been what's happened in the box market. And we think that'll still stand and it looks like we're poised to have a stronger consumption oriented GDP or at least as far as you can see right now.
Adam Josephson: Terrific, thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn from RBC Capital.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks much. Just a question on pulp, I understand you guys are making some operational improvements and I’m just trying to balance that with the Q3 guide here, where you've got opt-in costs up five million stories, there's something on the cost side that more than offsetting the operational improvement that you're seeing. And then if you could give us sort of a scope as to what the big bogey is there for three to five years out in terms of the things that you guys can control. I, how much improvement do you expect that that segment to have over that period of time.
Mark Sutton: On the longer term part, I'll ask Tim to look for that cost offset part of your question. But on the longer term, we believe as a combination of how we operate. So in the manufacturing sector and the kind of the cost structure of our build system, and I've said this before, especially the part that was the legacy IP system, which is mostly converted mills from other products versus what we acquire with warehouse or which is most, all built for purpose. So they tend to have a better efficiency and lower costs. We've got opportunities to lower the cost, primarily in the legacy IP in factoring system, coupled that with commercial arrangements improvements that we're talking about and that we're doing now, you put those two together. We should have the margin structure to have a solid business above the cost of capital with a slight growth potential. So that's what we are working on. And we see a path to that. It will be a steady path, quarter by quarter and that's where we're heading. And the question on the cost on account, it's modest, but it's really transportation. I mean, we're continuing to battle the transportation in general. I think part of the transportation issue in this business, Paul is export port congestion, much more exposed to international causes break than the other businesses in the company.
Paul Quinn: Right. Thanks very much. Most of that's helpful.
Operator: That's a lot. Your next question comes from Neel Kumar from Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: Hi, good morning. You mentioned would cost being higher sequentially, partly because of the wet weather. So you're getting a sense of the magnitude of inflation you're seeing there, and you certainly see more of a 3Q issue or it's going to carry over into the fourth quarter as well.
Mark Sutton: Yes, it's really due to having access to the fiber as being able to get it out of the woods based on the rainfall that we've had. So we looked at it very long lead time in terms of how we manage what inventories that mills and across basins and it's really been the Gulf states that have been more heavily impacted but some of the Southeastern mills as well. So depending on the weather as we go through the rest of this quarter into the fourth, but our inventories are in decent shape, but they're a little on the low side and it's just going to cost more to get the blood out and get it to the mills. Transportation's not helping either. I mean, we've referenced inbound materials and whatnot and that's seemingly impacting everything.
Neel Kumar: All right, thanks. That's helpful. And then in terms of your maintenance outage expenses, and you're now forecasting $642 million for the full year, I know it's early, but I'm just curious how you're thinking about 2022 maintenance, each I could expect down year-over-year are generally remain near 2021 levels.
Tim Nicholls: Well, we're still working through that. I mean, I think a good way to look at it. The way I'm looking at it last year was an abnormally linear. This year is a little bit of a out of range high here. When you put the two of them together, it looks roughly in line. I mean, our outages can be anywhere from 500 to 500 million to a little bit less or maybe some years, a little bit more pushing 550 last year, given all the uncertainty we pulled back and per sales this year. We're catching up on some of those outages from last year. So we put the two together what's more normal. Next year, we have to take a short planning. We always provide that as we – near the end of the year and look into the coming year.
Neel Kumar: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question for today comes from the line of Kyle White from Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to talk about some of your end markets in a corrugated packaging. How is e-commerce performing relative to your initial expectations at the start of the quarter, any slowdowns there that you see, how's the recovery in food service going, any details on the end markets so you can provide?
Mark Sutton: Thank you. On e-commerce no disappointments still very, very strong. And then we're getting into the period of the year where you start to build for the year end demand increases as you move toward holiday season. So still a very strong story. We're continuing to invest in that segment. Food service continuing to improve, I guess, there's a question mark about what happens with Delta variant and COVID, whether everything continues to open. I think that a big question, Mark, our big potential upside is as schools and events start to open food service related to those, which obviously hasn't been opened during the summer as is another potential upside. If that in any way, shape or form gets delayed and the food service growth could slow a little bit, the only segment that I think it's kind of predictable that maybe saw some flattening with processed food. And I think it's directly related to the general opening of the economy and a little less stocking up of kind of the center of the grocery store, if you will. So good strong performance across the key segments and we believe listening to our customers and looking at order patterns that’s continuing has been going to the third quarter.
Kyle White: That's helpful. And then focusing on transportation, I know it's early, but when you look to next year. Do you see any real relief or kind of stabilization and transportation costs, or do you anticipate kind of continuing inflation headwinds? And is there anything internally maybe that you can do to provide some relief against these costs?
Mark Sutton: Well, internally the best thing we can do on the cost side is to have our system optimized with the right inventories and what that means is make a product in the right factory so that the transportation costs to the customer or in the case of our industrial packaging business, our containerboard mill makes containerboard for box plants that are nearby, not loss plants that are all the way across the country. So that's the number one thing on cost that we can do internally, we don't – we all have our own trucking company or anything like that. It's about really optimizing our supply chain and any dramatic improvements we can make on cost. So your first part of your question, I don't know this for sure, but looking at what the analysts that follow the transportation industry talk about is that there is a belief that labor and some of the impediments to Trump capacity and the training that's required to bring on more employees and more assets in the rail industry will get better and people will want to return to those industries. Many of those companies laid off a lot of people, you can't just bring people back in rail, there's required training and other things, same thing for trucks. And the belief is that that'll get better. So capacity should get better. If the economy stays kind of red hot and it's a good problem to have, but then I think capacity will get absorbed pretty quickly. So we think it's really disruptive right now and velocity is really slow for a lot of reasons. We think part of that, at least on the human labor side, we'll get better.
Kyle White: Got it. Thank you for all the details.
Mark Sutton: Thank you. Let me go ahead and wrap up just a couple of takeaways. I would like to leave with investors. First, you heard today that we are really positive on the strong momentum we're building for the second half. Both earnings and margin expansion were absolutely laser-focused on capital allocation and a balanced approach to that. And we are in very good shape, all elements that our capital allocation framework and we're very excited about the prospects we have in front of us, as we separate IP into two companies and we work on building a better IP going forward. So thank you for you're interested in International Paper. We look forward to talking with all of you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's International Paper second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper's First Quarter 2021 Investor Earnings Day Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn today's conference call over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Maria. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  There's important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of COVID-19. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of our first quarter 2021 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investment, Slide 2 provides context around the financial information and measures presented on those entities.  I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3. International Paper delivered solid earnings and strong cash generation in the first quarter. Our mill and converting system performed well to mitigate the significant impact of the winter storm and support a strong customer demand across all of our packaging channels. Input costs and transportation were a headwind in the first quarter, especially for energy, which was impacted by the duration of the severe cold temperatures in the Southern U.S.  We see momentum building, continuing to build across our 3 businesses with very strong demand for corrugated packaging and containerboard and solid demand for absorbent pulp. And in papers, we're seeing an improved supply-demand backdrop in all of our key geographies.  Our capital allocation in the first quarter, we repaid $108 million of debt and we returned $331 million to shareholders, including $129 million of share repurchases.  Our performance again demonstrates the agility and resilience of International Paper to perform well across many different circumstances. We're passing the 1-year mark of the global pandemic, and I could not be any prouder of the commitment of our employees to take care of each other and take care of our customers. The vast majority of our 48,000 team members work in our mills and conversion plants each and every day, and their health and safety remains our most important responsibility.  We also made solid progress on the spin-off of our Printing Papers business, which we expect to complete late in the third quarter this year. Our team is also making strong progress to develop and deliver multiple streams of earnings initiatives to achieve the $350 million to $400 million in incremental earnings and accelerated growth by the end of 2023.  As we work to build a better IP, we remain laser-focused on delivering superior solutions to our customers, executing well and meeting our commitments to our shareowners and our other stakeholders.  Turning now to Slide 4, which shows our first quarter results. We delivered EBITDA of $730 million and free cash flow of $423 million despite the $80 million pretax earnings impact from the winter storm in the Southern U.S. Revenue increased by more than $100 million sequentially, primarily driven by price realization in our Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses. And again, free cash flow is strong with a continued focus on running our businesses well, controlling our cost and actively managing our working capital.  Now I'll turn it over to Tim, who will cover our business performance and our second quarter outlook. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Thank you, Mark, and good morning. I'll start with the quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on Slide 5. First quarter operating earnings were $0.76. The winter storm impacted pretax earnings by $80 million or a $0.15 impact to operating EPS. We're still in the very early stages of the insurance process and do not have a recovery estimate at this time.  Looking at the bridge, price/mix was strong driven by prior period price flow-through and packaging and cellulose fibers. Volume was essentially flat with continued strong demand for corrugated packaging and absorbent pulp. Overall papers volume continues to recover even though we saw the expected seasonal decline for papers in Brazil in the first quarter.  Operations and costs were favorable. Mill and box system performance was solid and helped mitigate the impact of the winter storm, which was a cost headwind of $55 million to operations. Maintenance costs increased sequentially, and we expect to complete about 65% of our maintenance outages in the first half of the year. Input costs were unfavorable, which included a $20 million cost impact from the storm, mostly for energy and raw materials such as starch and adhesives. Overall, we're seeing higher costs for recovered fiber, energy, chemicals and distribution, which we expect to continue in the second quarter.  Transportation conditions are challenging, and we're experiencing significant rail, truck and ocean transportation congestion. Higher corporate expenses were driven by a noncash foreign exchange loss on intercompany loans, and lower equity earnings are partly attributed to the reduced ownership position in GPK. Turning to the segments, and starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 6. We continue to see strong demand across all of our channels, including box, sheets and containerboard. For the quarter, volume was essentially flat. We lost 145,000 tons of containerboard production due to the winter storm. Although our mills and box plants in the region recovered quickly, the storm did impact sales in the quarter. We had nearly 30 box plants in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi affected by the storm, which impacted our box shipments in the quarter.  Price and mix was strong. Our November increase is essentially implemented fully with the $131 million first quarter realization. And I would add, this is one of the fastest implementations that we've seen.  Operations and cost includes about $55 million impact from the winter storm, about half of which is due to unabsorbed fixed costs and the balance is related to repairs and higher distribution costs. Overall, mill and box plant performance was solid, and we leveraged our system to support strong customer demand across all of our channels.  Maintenance outage costs increased sequentially. We did defer about $30 million of maintenance outages from the first to the second quarter due to the significant production loss resulting from the winter storm. We expect to complete about 75% of our planned maintenance outages for packaging in the first half of the year.  Input costs were a significant headwind in the quarter, including about $20 million related to the winter storm due to higher energy, distribution and raw materials in our mill system and box plants. Higher recovered fiber costs were another significant headwind in the quarter. We expect continued cost pressure for recovered fiber, energy distribution in the second quarter, and we're still seeing the lingering effects in certain chemicals produced in Texas and Louisiana as suppliers recover from the winter storm.  Turning to Slide 7. As we enter the second quarter, we're seeing continued strong demand across all of our channels. U.S. and export containerboard demand is strong with low inventories in all regions. Our first quarter shipments were impacted by the significant production loss resulting from the storm. We're working with our customers to recover from extensive backlogs.  In our U.S. box system demand remains robust as more states start lifting restrictions. E-commerce, again grew at a strong double-digit pace in the first quarter, and we believe the majority of the accelerated consumer adoption in this channel is permanent.  With states starting to reopen, we're also seeing improved demand in segments with greater exposure to restaurant and foodservice channels, such as produce and protein, although we're still not back to pre-COVID levels.  Nondurables, excluding food and beverage, represents about 30% of U.S. box demand across a wide range of consumer and industrial products. This segment is benefiting from strong consumer demand in the broad manufacturing sector recovery. And lastly, demand for durable goods, which had the immediate pullback due to COVID is benefiting from a healthy housing market.  We're well positioned and have the scale and footprint to serve just about every corrugated segment in a meaningful way, and our packaging team continues to focus on delivering superior packaging solutions to help our customers succeed.  Turning to Slide 8. I'll provide an update on the progress we're making in our EMEA packaging business. Our objective is to bring this business back to sustainable mid-teen margins and generate returns above our cost of capital. We're well on our way to achieving our goal.  In the first quarter, we improved adjusted EBITDA by nearly $20 million compared with last year. The Madrid mill is fully ramped, and we have more integration and cost opportunities available. We're integrating our world-class lightweight recycled containerboard with our box network in Southern Europe to provide customers with a broader array of packaging solutions.  We've improved our footprint in the Iberian Peninsula through selective acquisitions, including 2 box plants in Spain acquired at the end of the first quarter. These acquisitions provide additional integration opportunities with the Madrid mill. And more importantly, they enhance our commercial capabilities in the region.  We continue to make progress with our box system performance and have more opportunity ahead. All our plants have clear commercial and operational plans, and we're leveraging the skills and resources from across the company to deliver on our commitments.  The map on the slide shows our packaging footprint in Europe after the sale of our Turkey packaging business, which we expect to close in the second quarter. After the sale, the EMEA packaging business will have 2 recycled containerboard mills, 21 box plants and 2 sheet plants. And again, our commitment is to bring this business to sustainable returns above our cost of capital.  Moving to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 9. Price and mix was favorable with price realization accelerating across all pulp segments in the first quarter. Volume was moderately lower due to the shipping delays related to port congestion. Demand for fluff is solid and we have healthy backlogs.  Operations and costs improved sequentially, driven by the nonrepeat of the $20 million write-off in the fourth quarter as well as solid operations and good cost management. These improvements were partially offset by about $10 million of higher seasonal energy consumption and an FX loss at our mill in Canada.  Maintenance outage costs decreased as expected, and input costs increased due to higher wood costs in the Mid-Atlantic region as well as higher energy costs. Demand improved as we entered the year and the end-use demand signals for absorbent hygiene products is healthy.  Turning to Printing Papers on Slide 10. Our business -- our papers business has demonstrated outstanding resilience throughout the past year. Our performance reflects the talent and commitment of our team, the scale and capabilities of our global footprint and the strength of our highly valued brands. We continue to see steady recovery in demand across all regions, which we expect will accelerate with broader return to office and return-to-school activity.  I'd also add that we've seen significant improvement in supply-demand dynamics both within the U.S. and outside the U.S. Looking at our first quarter performance, price and mix was stable across the segment. Volume decreased sequentially due to the lower seasonal demand in Brazil and Russia as expected. It also meant that the export supply chains are stretched in most regions. Operations and costs improved on solid operations and good cost management, as well as a favorable FX in Brazil of about $10 million.  Fixed cost absorption improved with economic downtime decreasing by 40,000 tons sequentially across the system. Maintenance outages increased modestly, as expected, and input costs increased primarily due to higher wood and energy costs in North America.  Looking at Ilim on Slide 11. The joint venture delivered $49 million in equity earnings in the first quarter with an EBITDA margin of nearly 35%, driven by higher average pricing. Volume decreased sequentially, primarily due to fewer shipping days because of the Chinese New Year, as well as the impact of tight shipping capacity in China. Underlying demand remained strong as we enter the second quarter. And lastly, in April, we saved a $144 million dividend payment from Ilim, which is $44 million higher than the estimate we provided last quarter.  Now we can turn to the outlook on Slide 12, and starting with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to improve by $75 million on realization of our March 2021 price increase. Volume is expected to decrease by $10 million on lower seasonal demand in Spain and Morocco as the citrus season winds down. Operations and costs are expected to improve by $15 million, with the full recovery of the winter storm impact partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals related to a stronger outlook.  Staying with Industrial Packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $77 million. And input costs are expected to increase by $20 million due to higher OCC, energy, raw materials and distribution costs.  In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to increase by $100 million on realization of prior price movements. Volume is expected to increase by $5 million. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $10 million. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $10 million, and input costs are expected to be stable.  Turning to Printing Papers. We expect price and mix to increase by $25 million. Volume is expected to increase by $5 million. Operations and costs are expected to decrease earnings by $10 million due to the nonrepeat of foreign currency gain in Brazil during the first quarter. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $22 million, and input costs are expected to increase by $5 million. And under equity earnings, you'll see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture.  Turning to Slide 13. I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in the first quarter. We're committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet. We have no significant near-term maturities. And in the first quarter, we reduced debt by $108 million. We also returned $331 million to shareholders, including $129 million of share repurchases, which represented about 2.6 million shares at an average price of $50.28.  We acquired 2 box plants in Spain at the end of the first quarter. You can expect M&A to continue to focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities in North America and Europe. And lastly, in the first quarter, we monetized about $400 million of our stake in Graphic Packaging. After that transaction, we now hold about 7.4% ownership in the partnership.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. Turning to Slide 14. As we enter the second quarter, I'm mindful that we're still in the midst of a global pandemic, and there is still significant uncertainty in the geographies and markets that we operate. Having said that, we see momentum building in our 3 businesses. We continue to see very strong demand for corrugated packaging and containerboard in North America and Europe. We're also seeing solid demand for absorbent pulp with more favorable supply and demand dynamics as paper-grade pulp demand recovers. In Printing Papers, we're seeing a steady recovery in demand. And in areas where schools and offices have reopened, we're seeing a step change improvement. Overall, we're seeing a much better supply/demand backdrop.  We expect price flow-through from prior price increases across our 3 businesses. We expect margins to improve, even as we manage through the impact of higher input costs for recovered fiber, energy and transportation. In addition, we expect productivity and other cost initiatives to offset general inflation. All of this contributes to a more favorable outlook for 2021.  And I'll end our prepared remarks on Slide 15. I just want to take a moment to reflect on what has now been a full year of living and working in a global pandemic environment. When we shared our first quarter performance last year, we talked about all the protocols we quickly put in place to keep our employees and contractors safe so that we could continue taking care of our customers. We stayed diligent about adhering to those protocols, and we will remain steadfast for as long as it takes to get fully and safely past the pandemic. We continue to operate in this environment with a view towards the short-term and long-term success and sustainability of International Paper for all of our stakeholders, with an unwavering commitment to the health and safety of our employees and contractors, to understanding and taking care of our customers' needs as they also adapt to rapid change, to supporting the critical needs in our communities and to building a better IP for all of our stakeholders.  Since the pandemic began, not a day goes by that I don't think about the commitment of our employees, and especially our frontline teams for their ability to adapt well and perform at a high level across circumstances and geographies. And once again, I want to take this time to thank each of our employees for their role in making our company strong and resilient.  And with that, Tim and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I'm just curious, it does seem like the containerboard business really has accelerated globally, not just containerboard, but corrugated. And that the market is quite tight. And I'm just curious about how that might be impacting your thinking about a potential conversion of that second line down at Selma?
Mark Sutton: That's a good question, Mark. We obviously have looked at that and what product we might need in the future. If you just play out the current conditions, you'd probably look at using some of that from a packaging standpoint sooner.  But outside of interruptions like we talked about with the winter storm and one-offs, we have largely the containerboard we need when you look at all of our channels, domestic and our own box, domestic open market and export for what we believe is the foreseeable future. But that's a good option for us in the future. And it depends on the type of grades, whether it's medium or linerboard that we need. One is quicker and less expensive than the other. But it's on our radar screen. We don't feel the need to immediately do that right now. When we operate well and we don't have interruptions like we had in the first quarter, we feel quite confident in our containerboard quality, type of grade and overall capacity.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And just as a follow-on, if I could, Mark. I know that both European producers and North American producers have been sort of pulling out of the export market and kind of rechanneling volume to their domestic businesses and domestic customers. I just -- I'm curious about how you think about this in the context of taking care of long-term export customers because I think there's some real concern by converters in places like Latin America that have always relied on imported board.
Mark Sutton: Yes. It's definitely important to us. IP is probably the largest provider of kraftliner board in Latin America and Europe for long-term customers who use it because it's needed. And that's critically important to us, and we've talked about the importance of our channels to market, especially for kraftliner.  Things are very tight right now. Disruptions make that further -- more difficult for the supply chain. I think where we are right now is inventories are very low through the system with our customers and our own processes. And we are working individually with each of our customers, I can't speak for others, obviously, to make sure we can provide as much of their needs as possible in the time that they need it. But I think we're looking at a tight supply chain, especially for kraftliner for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hope you're doing well. I guess my first question is really around corrugated volume. And Mark, you mentioned that from what you're seeing and the acceleration from e-commerce, that you think the -- and I'm paraphrasing, the new consumption levels and new usage of corrugated, they're more or less here to stay. You don't intend or don't expect that to recede. So can you tell us why -- what evidence you're seeing that suggests that and how your volumes have looked to the extent that you can comment early in the second quarter?
Mark Sutton: So it's a great question, George. I think one of the things we look at is what our customers look at. And on the e-commerce part of your question, we're seeing really important winning customers, investing more in their capability, putting real dollars and real equipment and real capability and hiring employees. Their data analytics around customer repeat buying and all that gives them confidence to believe that a good portion of this shift to an e-commerce way of retail is permanent. It may not be 100% permanent, but it is the majority of it. So we look for clues from our customers instead of trying to wish it or guess at it.  What's uncertain is as things return to a more "normal environment", what does traditional retail do? Is it a net loss to e-commerce? Or is it a hybrid? Were there still going to be some normal return to in-store brick-and-mortar type retail, and you can look at a lot of information, studies and listen to company's earnings reports that are in those businesses, and it's hard to conclude from that. So our box volumes in April for our own make box -- the boxes we make, looks -- the trends look like they're continuing from the first quarter. But I'll remind you, we serve multiple channels. So we're in the box market, whether we make the box, whether we have a long-term strategic partner using our containerboard and making specialty boxes or whether it's a pure open market, and we're seeing those volumes up close to double digit for the overall exposure we have for the North American box market.  So it looks like more of the same. We do see some channel shifting, which is good news. We see obviously some foodservice and restaurant supply picking up. Where that shows up for IP, and we're overweight in this area is fresh food produce, the type of things restaurants buy twice weekly, 3x weekly basis, which really got hit hard in the pandemic. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing in the demand trends and the segment exposure that we have.
George Staphos: Just a point of clarification. The close to double-digit reference that you just made, what was that referring to?
Mark Sutton: It's all in channels to market that we look to provide to the U.S. box market. So our vertical channel in our own box business, we have some strategic partnerships where we have either partial ownership or majority ownership downstream in the converting. And usually, that's specialty type products. And then we have just the pure open market where we have long-term arrangements.  When we look at the activity and -- that we participate in the U.S. box market, it's really strong.
George Staphos: Okay. My other question, recognizing this was a very different first quarter from a storm and outage standpoint. And clearly, we can understand why you saw such a pickup in energy costs in the quarter. Looking back over time, it looks like IP's consumption of energy has been relatively constant. Are there -- given what we've seen in the last quarter and given that experience, what are the areas that you see where perhaps IP can become even more efficient within its mill network in terms of energy consumption?
Mark Sutton: It's a good question. On energy, the main thing we can do on the mill system side is maximize our own make energy in our fully integrated kraftliner mills, where we make anywhere from 75% to 85% of our energy with carbon-neutral biomass. There's more we can do there. Sometimes it takes investment. As you know, what we've done with our capital investment program over the last couple of years is to navigate some strategic projects like Riverdale and then the pandemic and managing our entire liquidity situation. We -- those are the type of projects that you can go back and get later. Sometimes, it's unfortunate, but we delay them even though they have really good returns. So we've got more investment we can make.  Fuel switching, we've done a lot of to natural gas from other higher-cost fuels. And in the converting plants, we don't make our own energy. So part of it's geographical exposure to the grid, but part of it's energy efficiency through the uses of energy in the plant. Most all of that, where we are now in our company in terms of consumption, most all of that is part of our investment profile. And usually, George, those projects have the highest returns. And we plan to invest -- increase our investments in those areas now that all phases of our financial condition are much stronger.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: First question was you really did have a lot more pricing in the Industrial Packaging business flow-through than I think your original guidance had been. And you mentioned, Tim, that this was one of the fastest pass-throughs or your ability to get price turned out to be very good. Can you give us more color on what happened and what it tells you?
Mark Sutton: It's a difficult question, Mark, because there's so many customers and so many unique commercial agreements. I think the general answer is when you have this type of demand, and a lot of our customers are dealing with multiple supply chain challenges. It's not just the packaging that they get but the other inputs. I think the discussion time about the gray area in every commercial relationship about how fast or how slow, no one loves price increases, obviously. That dynamic just lends itself, so let's get this done and get our material in and get it in as quickly as possible because I've got 17 problems and the box is only one of them. That's just a general answer.  The dynamic out there right now is things are very tight in multiple parts of the supply chain for a lot of our customers. And everything at the final minute of when you implement tends to be a human team in negotiation and it just went faster.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And can you give us a sense -- I recognize that certainly by the end of the quarter, it was all in. Is there still some carryover impact that's included in that $75 million that you're looking for in the second quarter versus the first quarter? Or is that actually genuinely all from the new initiatives?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. It's small, Mark. There's probably just a little bit from the first price increase, but virtually all of it's in. And so we're looking forward now to the March increase implementation.
Mark Weintraub: And one last one, sort of in the same vein, but in the pulp business, where great to see that, hopefully, second quarter will actually be a little bit in the black. I imagine though, because of the way those contracts are laid out, that even based on the prices -- price increases you've already implemented that there should presumably be more to come in the second half of the year. A, is that valid? And b, do you have pretty -- do you begin to have pretty good visibility on that? Or is that going to be negotiations and conversations yet to come?
Mark Sutton: It's for the -- we gave an outlook. I think the number was $100 million in price in the second quarter. That's as far as we're going to go on that. But we like -- as I said in my closing prepared remarks, we really like the momentum in Cellulose Fibers right now. A big part of that like is the movement in pricing. But I don't want to go out into the third -- or into the third quarter and fourth quarter. But if you just take the confidence we have in the trajectory, I think you can make some conclusions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Okay. Well, Tim, one question on the guide -- the 2021 momentum building slide. I asked the same basic question on the last call, but -- so everything seems to be getting better as you go through the year. Why not resume providing guidance at this point? I know about all the -- there are many uncertainties, as there always are. So did you -- how much consideration did you get to doing that? And why did you reach the conclusion, at least for now that you don't want to resume doing so?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. It's a good question, Adam. I mean, technically, we don't provide guidance as such. We give an outlook. It's true that in prior periods, we had talked about a full year outlook and expectations sometimes within a range.  It's something that we look at every quarter. I think we're -- some of the uncertainty around COVID is -- seems to be diminishing. But I think maybe as we get to the middle of the year, we'll have a better feel for vaccination rates and what's reopening and what's not. And so it was just not enough in our view at this point in time to start talking about full year guidance. But we do have a lot of optimism about how we see the year playing out.
Mark Sutton: Adam, this is Mark. Just to add. It's -- look, it's a good question. We have given the investment community, as Tim said, at least an EBITDA range, a couple of other numbers for full year expectations. I think what's missing is that EBITDA number. We did talk about our capital expenditures, for example.  But as we get into this year, a full year guidance given in the middle of the year, I think was maybe less valuable than if we would have given at the beginning of the year.  Look, I'm an optimistic person. You know me personally, Adam, I am feeling really good about where we are. But just as soon as I say that, I think about our employees in Poland right now or our employees in Brazil, and they are where we were during the Christmas holidays and in January with pandemic and its effect on their economy and their lives. So I just don't want to get out over our skis and say things that imply this is all behind us only to have to come back and say, what, that was too quick.  So I know it's a little frustrating, but we're trying to get this transparent outlook, as Tim walked through methodically all those numbers on the outlook slide. And hopefully, that gives people a sense of the big picture, which is things are really strong and improving.  And we have, as Tim said, on the capital allocation slide, a balance sheet that's headed very quickly to the low end of our range and good cash generation, flowing cash through the capital allocation framework, dividend share repurchases like we committed to, albeit interrupted for a program not casually. And so that's the message I really want investors to take away and analysts to work with.  But your point is well taken. It's information you used to have, but you don't have right now.
Adam Josephson: No, I really appreciate that, Mark. And just one other question for you on -- back to the e-commerce and the whole box demand issue. You used to talk about the relationship between box demand and GDP, and between box demand and nondurable industrial production. And you have that really good slide in your roadshow handout to that effect. How do you think those relationships have changed, if at all, given this new information you have about the presumed permanence of this e-commerce growth.
Mark Sutton: Well, that's a really good question. I know our team is looking at the resiliency of that model that creates that slide you're talking about in our roadshow where we have the nondurable and transportation index and a number of other metrics.  I don't know if we've decided that there's a shift in it yet, but I know our team is looking at it. As soon as we have something that we feel good about and that it's legitimate and statistically valid, we like to share that in our investor material, and we'll do that in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Appreciating there's a greater lag in the flow-through on pricing. But with fluff pulp prices approaching 2018 levels, and commercial initiatives you guys are implementing, how quickly do you think that earnings power for cellulose to kind of return back to 2018 levels?
Mark Sutton: Well, we gave the outlook for the second quarter, and you can look at the trend there on just the pricing comment of $100 million. I think we are in that part of the pulp market dynamic. And we're also trying, as I mentioned multiple times, we're trying to change the business model commercially, primarily on how we go to market and how we interact with our customers so that we put more sustainability and less volatility in the business. And that's a lot of work, about work I can comment on because it's customer-specific, but we feel good about where we are right now. And we think the business can get back to. And then, if we can invest in the cost side, improve upon what numbers you're talking about from '18.
Philip Ng: That's great. I appreciate that color. It seems like a solid game plan. The 145,000 lost tons in containerboard from the winter storms, is your view you would essentially sell pretty much all that? Or would that have been kind of an effort behind to build inventory? The reason I'm asking, I'm just trying to gauge if you view that as pent-up demand for 2Q. And then more broadly, just given how tight things are, do you have bandwidth to kind of supply your customers given how strong demand is right now?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. We're working hand in glove with customers across all of our channels, trying to make sure that we're meeting their needs as quickly as possible.  Having said that, it's a challenge. 145,000 tons, a big portion of that was available for sale and ready to go. In some cases, as we go into the second quarter, it's a heavier maintenance outage quarter. And so part of it is preparing for that as well. But definitely missed opportunities on the containerboard side. But as, if not more importantly on the box side, with 30 plants down and significant exposure. So our estimates around that exposure is that the growth that we had in the quarter would be closer to overall industry growth if we haven't had that disruption.
Philip Ng: But you see that demand still there? Or your customers kind of went elsewhere to kind of get supply just given how tight things are?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, some of it's there. Some of them are still working through, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, working through backlogs. All of these channels have different lead times on orders and when customers are expecting them. And so we're working through it customer by customer on that basis.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Connelly of Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Following on Phil's question. If we remove the storm impact that held back first quarter, is there any reason to think that IP can't match the industry shipments in 2021 or even exceed it? I'm thinking about the outages and the maintenance timing shifts and that sort of stuff. Because obviously, there was a lag or a lag in performance in 4Q too. So I just want to make sure we're not missing anything.
Mark Sutton: No, it's a good question, Mark. There's no reason to believe we can't match or exceed. Now given our size exceeds means some basis points, not multiples. But there's no reason you can't match the market. Fourth quarter, we did have some operational issues, if you recall. And then not an excuse, but this geography and the winter storm matched right on top of us. But no reason you shouldn't expect us to perform at or better than the market.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And that's helpful. Just on EMEA, following on Tim's comments, how does the push to mid-teens margins in EMEA breakout between converting and mill opportunities? I'm just wondering if there's spending opportunities at those mills or if most of the incremental investment and improvement is coming on the converting side.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. It's a good question, Mark. We think we have additional opportunities, not that so many of them require capital in the mill operations, but just in terms of how we're managing cost as we get fully up the ramp curve and integrated, and it's both mill and supply chain. So we see more opportunity for the mill in Spain. The other mill is a more mature mill that's been there for a while. And so it's probably running at an optimal level. But in Spain, given the integration play, we see more opportunity.
Mark Connelly: So bringing some of the strengths in the integration that you have in the U.S. over to there. Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cleve Rueckert of UBS.
Cleveland Rueckert: Just first off, I wanted to follow up on the $350 million to $400 million of incremental EBITDA. I think $300 million of that was supposed to be from cost savings. And I realized Q1 was kind of challenging, but I didn't hear an update on how much of that you've achieved to date or how much you expect to achieve this year headed towards that 2023 exit rate?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Well, you -- we didn't provide one. So we're working through our plans right now, and we're in the process of beginning the implementation of all that. We pointed on the last quarterly call to some of the benefits that we saw coming through, more of the process automation and using data analytics and technology. And as we go through this year, we're looking forward to probably the third quarter where we provide a robust update in terms of all of the plans that are being executed and achievement this year, but also run rate expectations for 2022.
Cleveland Rueckert: Okay. All right. That's clear. And then, I guess, just a follow-up on the containerboard and corrugated box business. Could you give us just a sense of where your inventories stand, given the disruptions kind of, I guess, where you are today at an inventory level versus where you like to be or where you've been historically on average? And kind of what the trajectory is there on the inventory side given the outages in the second quarter?
Mark Sutton: Well, the easy answer is we're lower than we'd like to be. And that's the source of the hand to glove comment Tim just made. So we need to rebuild, while we serve our customers' active demand, we need to be very efficient in rebuilding important roll stock inventories across the wide range of boxes that we have to make. So there's more for us to do. It's not unexpected when you have this type of demand, coupled with the one-off interruption of the storm we talked about and then just the timing of outage schedules.  But the good news is we have a really big system, and it's very flexible and it recovers very quickly. So we feel like we could do it. But our inventories are lower than we would like, all things considered. And the main thing I'm concerned with right now is our ability to support our customers through their dynamic demand changes. And that's what our focus is right now.
Cleveland Rueckert: That's clear. I guess just quickly, given what you know about the second quarter, would you expect to be in a position to build inventories?
Timothy Nicholls: Every effort is going to be made to try to restore inventory levels, but it's a heavy maintenance outage quarter. And so you're triaging and prioritizing and trying to satisfy all of the needs across the channels.  So now the good news is, most of the outages are behind us by the time we get to the middle of the year. But these supply chains are very long, and they take a long time to recover.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: I'm thinking about integration levels in the corrugated operations or Industrial Packaging North America and kind of whether or not you kind of still view this as the right destination? I mean, you have some competitors that are maybe trying to bump that up for different reasons. And I also appreciate that maybe looking back in the rearview mirror, you're kind of playing a little bit more defense and/or kind of making some asset changes along the way. Now you've got some kind of more, I'll call it, disposable cash to go on offense with and you made these 2 small box plant acquisitions. Is that part of the strategy that maybe get that closer to something, I don't know, 90%? Or you feel good at that 80% level kind of over a longer-term basis?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So we think what's important about integration is how we go about building it. Our most profitable channel is our North American domestically integrated channel containerboard to box and to the customer. And we want to grow that part of the business by delivering superior solutions on the packaging side to our customers. So that we're building long-term sustainable relationships where we can through small M&A or some of these more creative arrangements that we've started implementing to grow that channel. So higher over time, but done in a very sustainable way.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then, I guess, kind of to revisit the cost reduction or the $300 million to $350 million of savings and trying to marry up the comments that you made about Europe. Are those sort of mutual exclusive, meaning the $20 million or so that you saw an improvement in profitability this quarter and I think what you talked about kind of getting back to mid-teens implies maybe another $100 million of improvement in aggregate for European Industrial Packaging. Is that more related to the mill conversion over there and that starting to contribute? Or is that, again, kind of included in that $300 million to $350 million of savings?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Part of it is included, but it's across commercial, operational supply chain. It's all the things that we touch in terms of delivering a packaging solution to a customer. So we've got improvement plans across all aspects of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn of RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Just had a question on Global Cellulose Fibers. Just when I look at the quarter, I mean, it's an improvement, but it's still a disappointing result, especially when I compare it to your European peers. Where do you see this business being mid-cycle? Can you get up to the profitability of your peers? And when you -- how long do you think that's going to take?
Mark Sutton: Well, as I mentioned on the last call, we -- last quarter call, Paul, we see the business improving quarter after quarter after quarter. And we think it'll be in very good shape. I don't have all those European numbers in my head -- off the top of my head, but we think it'll be in very good shape as we leave '21 and head into '22.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Kumar of Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: For corrugated, can you just talk about the cadence of volume growth through the first quarter by month? And then, can you just give us a sense of what you're seeing in terms of box shipments so far in April?
Timothy Nicholls: April is running very close to maybe a little bit ahead of how we exited the quarter, just looking -- it was pretty steady throughout the quarter -- yes. I mean, it started really strong in January. Now we think a big part of that is our exposure to e-commerce because you not only have the Christmas push around the holidays, but January with returns and in specialty sales and whatnot. It tends to be a strong month as well. But I think it was solid throughout the quarter.
Neel Kumar: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of your recent asset sales, I was wondering if you can just touch on how you're thinking about allocating proceeds between buybacks versus inorganic and organic investments? And then more generally, where are you in the process of evaluating your portfolio of assets. Could there be additional asset sale announcements? Or is it generally complete at this point?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, when we talked about on the acquisition side is look at what we've been doing for the past couple of years. They've tended to be one-off operations, sometimes two, bolt-on in nature and filling gaps in capability or exposure that we want. And most of them, to be honest, that's happened in Europe at this point.  In terms of the cash coming in, we have a fairly robust capital allocation framework that we have talked about over time, including the strong balance sheet, target ranges of debt. The fact that we're on a path of share repurchases before COVID hit and out of prudence we took a pause last year, but we're back in the market. But the goal is to be thoughtful about the cash coming in and making sure that we're doing everything in our power to maximize value through the actions that we take.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Kyle White of Deutsche Bank.
Kyle White: On Global Cellulose Fibers, I just want to talk about the port congestion that you're experiencing and maybe how that is impacting your volumes or your supply chain in that business?
Mark Sutton: It's a good question, Kyle. It's a big issue. We're not losing orders because of it because we're spec-ed in, in a lot of the customers. It's just creating a long, long supply chain. So customers are trying to figure out the new duration between placing an order and actually receiving it and in some cases, trying to get our help to understand whether they should change their order cycle. So there's a lot of order management changes being talked about and figured out between IP as the supplier and our customers. But it affects more than our pulp business. It affects our export containerboard, and we're even seeing it in our export paper business in Brazil.  I don't think there's an immediate fix to it. So it's a velocity mission on the supply chain than it looks like, we're going to have to adapt to for some period of time.
Kyle White: Got it. That's helpful. And then switching to EMEA Industrial Packaging. Can you guys provide some of your integration rate for just that region and kind of where do you see it going with these recent acquisitions in Spain? And then maybe just a longer-term target for integration there as you continue kind of bolt-ons in that region?
Mark Sutton: We typically don't give a number because it's not as clean. We're integrated on our kraftliner from our U.S. mill system to our European box plants. We have world-class mill. We just started up a couple of years ago in Madrid. That's almost at its full ramp, which is a lot of our high-performance lightweight liner. But we buy most of our medium -- the corrugated medium from the open market. So we typically haven't given an absolute number.  But as Tim said, building an integrated model regionally is where we have the most success commercially and on the financial metrics. And so that's kind of the approach we're taking in Europe is regional density. And so right now, it's Iberian Peninsula surrounding our new mill and supported with kraftliner from our U.S. system. And then we have some very important suppliers in the European market for grades that we don't make or just that make geographic sense because of grade. So we're still a large customer for some key European containerboard producers and those are long-term relationships.  So I appreciate everyone's questions. Again, thank you for your interest in International Paper, and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's International Paper's First Quarter 2021 Investor Earnings Day Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by and welcome to today's International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Guillermo Gutierrez. Please go ahead Sir.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including the impact of COVID-19. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide two also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on Slide three with full-year 2020 results. [indiscernible] impacts of the pandemic in 2020 reaffirms my admiration and appreciation for our employees and their ongoing commitment to take care of each other and to take care of our customers. I am really proud of the outstanding collaboration across our commercial, supply chain and manufacturing teams to adapt to our customer's rapidly changing needs. We ran our manufacturing system well and leveraged the flexibility of our newly converged systems to overcome significant challenges due to the pandemic while managing cost extremely well across our three businesses. Looking at our performance, International Paper delivered solid earnings and outstanding free cash flow in 2020. We generated $2.3 billion in free cash flow and delivered the company's eleventh consecutive year of value creating tenants [ph]. Our performance demonstrate the strength and resilience of our employees, our diverse customer base and our world class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Given the significant economic uncertainty, we took prudent and early actions to reinforce cash generation and enhance our financial strength. On capital allocation, we're choices consistent with our capital allocation framework. We retained $1.7 million of debt, converted strength in our balance sheet, we're also seeing significant benefits in our pension plan from the actions that we took to de-risk the plan during the past few years, which contributed to a 95% funding model in yearend 2020. Also in 2020, we returned $800 million to our shareholders and we continue to invest in our North American and EMEA business to enhance our capabilities and grow our earnings. We're really excited about the path returning to build a better IP. We're building our strength of our corrugated packaging business and taking meaningful actions to drive sustainable, profitable growth and accelerate value creation for our customers and shareholders. In a few minutes, I'll discuss some of the investments we way right away to deliver on our commitment. Turning to full-year results on Slide four, we delivered EBITDA of $3.1 billion and free cash flow of $2.3 billion. Lower year-over-year sales was driven by the decline in printing papers demand through the market disruptions from the global pandemic. Earnings were impacted by lower demand for paper as well as lower average pricing for packaging and cellulose fibers. These were partially offset by strong volume growth in our packaging business, outstanding cost management and lower maintenance outage expense. In 2020 we made choices about planned maintenance and other spending priorities to mitigate the impact of market disruptions. Our equity earnings were $77 million including $48 million from our Ilim joint venture, which was impacted by challenging tough markets and a non-cash foreign exchange loss of $50 million. For the full-year we received a $141 million is dividends from Ilim. Across International Paper, we proactively managed cash levers to deliver another year of outstanding cash generation. Moving to Slide five, at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we established three principles to focus on what we needed to do as a company to remain strong and resilient for all of our stakeholders. First was to keep our employees and contractors safe. Second was to take care of our customers and third was to maintain the financial strength of the company and I believe International Paper executed extremely well against that success criteria. We did not experience any material operational disruptions due to COVID-19 while taking care of our customers. I'll turn to our employees, [indiscernible] remains our most important responsibility. Our performance reaffirms my appreciation for our 48,000 employees worldwide. We recognize our teams financially for their tenacity, commitment and resilience with a bonus totaling $25 million in the fourth quarter. I am also proud to work with them and to support the critical needs in our communities, which included the donation of two million corrugated boxes to agencies that have delivered essential food and supplies. We remain absolutely committed to our COVID-19 principles and we'll continue to focus on what we need to do to further strengthen the company for all of our stakeholders in the short-term and in the long-term. Now I'll turn it over to Tim who will cover our business performance and our first quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I am on Slide six, which shows our year-over-year operating earnings bridge. Our 2020 results reflect strong execution and effective cost management to mitigate the impact of market disruptions associated with COVID-19. Looking at the bridge, price and mix were a significant headwind mostly due to the full year impact of 2019 in depth movement in our North American packaging business as well as lower average pricing in cellulose fibers and printing papers business. Volume was a drag on earnings due to the unprecedented decline in demand for printing papers. The impact was partly offset by strong volume in our packaging business, driven by higher demand across most consumer segments. We managed operations and cost well in a challenging environment with no material operational disruptions due to COVID-19. Our teams performed in a high level under a reconfigured work systems to protect our employees and contractors. We did experience higher operating and distribution cost in the latter part of the year as we flexed our systems to meet very strong packaging demand. Input cost were favorable for the full-year, driven by lower wood, energy cost and distribution cost, partly offset by higher recovered fiber cost. I'd also note the cost for wood recovered fiber energy and distribution increased in the fourth quarter. corporate items were favorable driven by outstanding cost management and lower interest expenses based on significant debt reduction. For the full year 2020, our operational tax rate was 25% compared to 26% in 2019 and equity earnings decreased due to lower Ilim earnings, which includes $0.13 of unfavorable FX impact. Turning to Slide seven, which shows our fourth quarter results. Operating earnings were $0.75 per share, which includes $0.05 impact related to the employee recognition bonus that Mark discussed earlier. Sales improved sequentially and came in better than our expectations driven by strong demand in our North American packaging business. EBITDA decreased due to the higher operating and input cost. As already mentioned, we generated robust free cash flow, which will continue to apply in a manner consistent with our capital allocation framework. In the fourth quarter, we reduced debt by about $600 million bringing our full-year 2020 debt reduction to $1.7 billion. Turning to the quarter-over-quarters earnings bridge on Slide eight, fourth quarter operating earnings were $0.75. Looking at the bridge, lower price mix was driven by prior period price flow driven packaging and cellulose fibers. Volume was favorable driven mostly by strong demand in corrugated packaging in North America and the EMEAs where the prior seasonal demand for papers in Brazil and Russian. Operations and costs were a significant headwind in the quarter. We experienced some reliability issues in our North American containerboard system most of which are behind us now. We also experience higher marginal operating and distribution cost to meet very strong packaging demand. We had a $20 million asset right off in cellulose fibers in the fourth quarter and as a reminder, our sequential earnings were impacted by the non-repeat of $30 million favorable items in the third quarter. I'd also like to note that the employee recognition bonuses reflected in operations in full which was allocated to each business. Input costs were unfavorable due to higher wood and recovered fiber, higher seasonal energy cost and higher distribution cost. We're experiencing significant rail, truck and ocean transportation congestion and we expect recovered fiber and distribution cost to trend higher as we enter 2021. Higher corporate expenses reflects the effective tax rate of 26% in the fourth quarter as compared to 19% in the third quarter which included a favorable adjustment after finalizing our 2019 tax returns. Equity earnings include the noncash foreign exchange gain of $0.05 in the fourth for Ilim as compared to a $0.14 loss in the third quarter. Let me turn to the segments now and I'll start with industrial packaging on Slide nine. Volume improved sequentially across all regions with strong demand in North America outpacing the impact of the three less shipping days in the fourth quarter. We're seeing broad based demand strength across all of our channels including boxes, sheets and containerboard. Just about every consumer segment accelerated in the fourth quarter, we continue to see strong double-digit growth in e-commerce and we believe the vast majority of e-commerce adoption is permanent. We're also seeing strong demand for consumer and durable goods, especially for building materials. Food service categories contains lag and the pace of recovery will depend on the restaurant and travel industry recovery. Export containerboard demand will also robust. We have strong backlogs as we have fright board, containerboard shipments to our integrated system here in North America to meet our customer's demands. Operations and costs were a significant headwind due to several factors. We experienced some isolated reliability issues late in the quarter, most of which are now behind us. We also faced higher costs in our mill and boxes to meet strong demand, including the impact of less optimal containerboard sourcing to our box plants. We also experienced our supply chain cost and over time with just about every box plant running on weekends. And lastly, recall that ops and cost includes the employee bonus we discussed earlier which for packaging represents about $15 million. Maintenance outage cost improved sequentially as planned. Input cost increased driven by higher recovered fiber, seasonal energy and distribution cost. Cost for recovered fiber and distribution continued as we enter the first quarter which reflects overall strength in demand we're seeing. Moving to global cellulose fibers on Slide 10, price and mix was unfavorable on the contract flow through of lower third quarter list price. Volume was stable, demand for fluff pulp improved late in the fourth quarter following the expected destocking. Operations and costs were impacted by a $20 million right off of capital and engineering costs following a review of the capital investment needs for the business. Maintenance outage increased and input costs were essentially flat. Taking a closer look at fluff pulp demand, as I mentioned, demand improved throughout the fourth quarter. Demand continued to improve as we entered 2021 with healthy backlogs for fluff pulp. In addition floor congestion is stretching supply chains due to the high levels of imports in the US Turning to printing papers on Slide 11, the business delivered earnings of $80 million in the fourth quarter with continued strong cash generation. Our North American, Brazilian and Russian regions delivered returns about the cost of capital. We continue to leverage our strong brands, our world class customer service and our low-cost system to maximize performance as we navigate a challenging demand environment. Looking at the fourth quarter performance, across the segment price and mix was stable. Volume improved sequentially across all regions with stronger seasonal demand in Brazil and Russia. We're seeing a gradual recovery in demand across all regions, which we expect will celebrate with stronger return to office and return to school activity. Operations and cost includes higher seasonal energy consumption and the non-repeat of favorable items in the third quarter of about $10 million. Fixed cost absorption improved with economic downtime decreasing by nearly 100,000 tons sequentially. Maintenance outages increased as expected and input cost increased primarily due to higher transportation and seasonal energy cost. Looking at the Ilim results on Slide 12, the joint venture delivered $53 million in equity earnings in the fourth quarter with an EBITDA margin of nearly 30% on improved commercial performance. Volume improved 16% year-over-year on strong softwood pulp exports. Pricing mix was also favorable with the price utilization for softwood accelerating in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter equity earnings include foreign exchange gain on Ilim's US dollar denominated net debt of which IP's after-tax portion was $22 million or five cents per share for the full year adjusted EBIT dollars $519 million which represents the 26% margin full-year 2020 equity earnings were $48 million which includes $50 million in foreign exchange loss on Ilim's US dollar denominated net debt of which IPs after tax portion was $22 million or $0.05 per share. For the full year adjusted EBITDA was $519 million which represents a 26% margin. Full year 2020 equity earnings were $48 million which includes a $15 million foreign exchange loss on Ilim's US dollar denominated net debt. Although 2020 was a challenging year across global pulp markets, Ilim's strong operational performance and low-cost system make a powerful cash generator. We expect to receive about $100 million in dividends from Ilim in 2021. As Mark said in his opening remarks, we generated outstanding free cash flow of $2.3 billion in 2020. In our first quarter earnings call last year, we highlighted the company's financial flexibility in some of the cash levers we had available to enhance our cash generation. Given the significant economic uncertainty because we pulled some of those cash levers to reinforce the company's financial strength. We executed well on the things that impact cash. In addition, COVID-19 changed the way we worked in 2020 and choices that we made around our planned maintenance and other spending priorities. In the fourth quarter we also benefited from a tax refund claim which contributed $115 million to free cash flow. Our early actions and strong execution across the company enabled us to deliver another year of outstanding free cash flow. Turning to Slide 14, I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in 2020 and provide clarity on what you can expect from International Paper as we move forward. We'll maintain a strong balance sheet and we're committed to our current investment grade rating with a targeted debt to EBITDA of 2.5 times to 2.8 times on a Moody's basis. We're very pleased with the progress we've made on the balance sheet, debt and pension in 2020. We repaid $1.7 billion of debt and our pension GAAP improved by $500 million. Our pension plan is sufficiently funded. We closed 2020 with a healthy 95% funding level and we feel really good about the actions we've taken over the past few years to de-risk the plan. We closed 2020 at 2.9 times leverage. We're in a much better place and we're committed to getting to our target range. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In 2020, we returned $800 million to shareholders. Over the past five years, we returned nearly $5.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, or just over 50% of our free cash flow. We remain committed to a competitive and sustainable dividend with a target range of 40% to 50% of free cash flow, which we review annually as earnings and cash flow growth. And we’ll continue evaluating our free cash flow and intrinsic value to ensure that share repurchase opportunities are weighed against other capital allocation options always with a commitment to maximize value creation. Investment excellence is central growing earnings and cash. We expect CapEx in 2021 to be around $800 million. We’ll continue to proactively manage CapEx and have the ability to increase or pullback as circumstances warrant. You can expect strategic capital to be deployed mostly to our packaging business to build that capability and capacity needs to drive profitable growth. We’ll continue to assess discipline and selected M&A opportunities to supplement our goal of accelerating profitable growth. You can expect M&A to focus primarily on bolt-on opportunities in our packaging business in North America and Europe. Continuing on Slide 14, I want to provide an update on the 2006 timber monetization installment. After careful consideration, we decided not to extend the notes. When these notes mature in August of 2021, we expect to receive $630 million in cash, which represents our equity. We expect to paying about $75 million in taxes upon maturity of the timber notes. Now I’ll turn to Slide 15 and our first quarter outlook. Demand for corrugated packaging is very strong as we enter the first quarter. Demand for fluff pulp accelerated in the fourth quarter and that momentum continues in the first quarter. In printing papers, we’re seeing a modest recovery in demand. But challenges will likely persist until we see a broad base return to offices and schools. Taking a closer look at industrial packaging, we expect price and mix to improve by $65 million on the realization of our November 2020 price increase. Volume is expected to be flat sequentially, with strong box demand offset by one less shipping day in the first quarter. Operations and costs are expected to improve by $35 million. Staying with industrial packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $87 million and input costs are expected to increase by $30 million, mostly due to higher recovered fiber and distribution costs. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to increase by $15 million on realization of prior price movements. Volume is expected to be stable. Operations and costs are expected to improve by $35 million. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $6 million and input costs are expected to increase by $10 million, mostly due to higher seasonal wood and energy costs. Turning to printing papers, we expect price and mix to be stable. Volume is expected to decrease by $15 million on lower seasonal demand in Latin America and Russia. Operations and costs are expected to improve by $15 million. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $2 million and input costs are expected to increase by $10 million again mostly due to higher seasonal wood and energy costs. And under equity earnings, you’ll see the outlook for Ilim joint venture. Coming back to planned maintenance outage expense for the full-year 2021, we plan $155 million of higher expenses. This increase includes deferrals we chose to make in our packaging mill system to meet strong customer demand as well as the impact of higher coal maintenance outages across facilities. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. I’m on Slide 16 now, as we shared with you in December, we’re taking meaningful actions to do better IP and accelerate profitable growth, we’ll focus on Corrugated Packaging, we’re committed to deliver $350 million to $400 million in incremental earnings by the end of 2023. As part of our commitment, we’ll deliver $50 million to $100 million of incremental annual earnings growth in our businesses through commercial execution and investment excellence. We’ll also deliver $300 million in structural cost reduction, we have initiatives underway in three areas. First, we will streamline and simplify our organization to support a packaging focus company with a more focused geographic footprint. Second, we’ll redesign processes to increase efficiency and reduce costs in areas such as maintenance and reliability, distribution and logistics, and sourcing. And third, we’re identifying opportunities to better optimize our fleet of assets to make the right products on the right assets to further improve our cost position and to be more efficient with our capital. As we move forward, we’ll be sharing with you the multiple streams of earnings initiatives we have underway, and when you should expect to see them enhance our earnings. Today, let me describe one of the key enablers to delivering on our process in asset optimization cost savings. And as you notice on the slide, accounts were about 70% of our structural cost reduction target. We’ll use new approaches that leverage technology and data analytics in our businesses. We established a dedicated team has been working closely with external partners and our businesses over the past year to identify, develop, and pilot a wide range of highly attractive opportunities, which are now moving to scaled implementation. Turning to Slide 17, you can see a few areas where we're using data to provide greater visibility and actionable insights. These tools enable new approaches to optimize our value chain, from our mills to our box clients and ultimately to our customers. We expect these initiatives to deliver between $150 million and $200 million in annual earnings improvement. We’re making excellent progress scaling up several of these initiatives and expect to realize about half of these benefits in 2022. Let me give you a few examples of what this looks like. We’ll use real time data to optimize production scheduling across our box plants in North America. Although many of the benefits result in lower costs across our system, we’ll also gain low cost incremental capacity in our box system to pursue profitable growth with very little incremental capital. We're also using third-party logistics technology to optimize transportation planning and reduce distribution costs in our box plants. In our Mills, we’ll use continuous online monitoring and data analytics to improve fiber, chemical and energy consumption. In addition, online equipment monitoring will also enable us to predict potential equipment failures, improve reliability, and reduce our overall maintenance costs. And in sourcing, we have greater visibility and more effective tools across a broader set of our procurement activities. We’ll use internal and external data to develop a more targeted catalog of sourcing options to drive savings in operating and repair materials. Working with our external partners, our team is moving quickly to scale these opportunities and integrate them into our business processes. Team is also working closely with our businesses to identify more opportunities. Let me close on Slide 18, our 2020 performance adds to my confidence in the path we're charting to build a better IP. We're motivated by the opportunities we have to accelerate value creation for our shareholders. Now, I'm mindful that we're still in the midst of a global pandemic and there's still significant uncertainty, International Paper strength and resilience endures. We're proud of the essential nature of our products that we make. Our employees have demonstrated commitment to take care of each other and our customers and that commitment continues. Our customers can count on International Paper to be there for them and deliver superior solutions and our communities can count on us to be responsible partners to improve the lives of the people who depend on us. We have an exciting and ambitious agenda. We’ll continue to focus on what we need to do to further strengthen the company in the short-term and in the long-term for all of our stakeholders. With that, we’re ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, good morning, everyone. How should we think about inflation, when we think about 2021, particularly some of these bigger buckets, you've called out that's more volatile whether it’s freight and OCC, and certainly really good to see operation costs improve sequentially. But are there any costs like distribution for example, that we should be expecting to be more elevated, just given how strong demand is?
Mark Sutton: So, we think about inflation in a couple of ways, we have general inflation of employee wage increases and general materials and operating materials. And that roughly runs around $200 million a year for us, it can be a little bit more, a little bit less. On the input side, of course, we track those quarter-by-quarter. And it's really driven by what's happening in the market. So in the moment, given transportation, we see that as a bit of a headwind, just given the economic activity that we're experiencing across the country, spot rates on truck are elevated. As I mentioned in the speaker notes, congestion across most of the transportation modes. So we'll have to see how it plays out. And some of it is driven marginally by just the incremental demand growth that we're seeing in a moment and sourcing transportation to make sure we get it to customers on time. So yes, it's a bit of a headwind.
Philip Ng: Got it. That's helpful. And then I noticed that most of your maintenance downtime, particularly in your Corrugated segment in North America was going to be first half loaded. It sounds like demand is still really strong and markets pretty tight to begin with. So just want to get some comfort on, do you have enough inventory to kind of meet demand and give us a little flavor how lead times and backlogs are looking right now?
Mark Sutton: Well, we've got long backlogs, extended backlogs in the export channel. As we mentioned, we've been pivoting and prioritizing that to the North American market through our Integrated system. I would say our inventories are lean right now. And we will manage our outages accordingly to balance outage time and customer demand and the need for more. But we ran very lean in the back half of 2020. We still see pressure.
Philip Ng: Okay, thanks a lot. Really appreciate the color, guys.
Mark Sutton: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, Mark, Tim. Hope all you’re well.
Mark Sutton: Hi, Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: I guess the first question would be on industrial volume trends. And I think from the outlook in terms of flat would seem to imply kind of 1.5% growth directionally on a per day basis. Can you comment at all as sort of what you're seeing currently, and then given the difficult March comp, how you would kind of expect that to progress just given what you're seeing in your backlogs?
Mark Sutton: We're continuing, Gabe to see the kind of demand profile we saw in the fourth quarter continued through the month of January. We expect based on the backlogs we have, based on our conversations with our customers, even though the comps are going to be harder starting in March, we expect on an absolute basis strong market. And that's why it's really critical that we manage what Phil was asking about which is the supply we have available of containerboard and box plant capacity with the demand we're going to have and also navigate the necessary maintenance outages. But the market for our customer order book is really strong.
Gabe Hajde: All right, thank you, Mark. And then flipping gears kind of quickly to the [indiscernible] ramp-up. There wasn't much commentary or anything in the prepared remarks. Just curious how that ramped-up for you and is helping kind of ease some of those inventory pressures that you're seeing, any incremental costs and do that kind of contribute to the difference relatively to our model to what we were expecting in terms of profit?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, thanks for the question. It's going extremely well. We're ahead of our ramp curve, ramp curve will continue building through 2021. But really pleased with how the machine is running and the quality, we’re getting off of it so far.
Operator: All right, and our next question will come from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Mark, good morning.
Mark Wilde: Mark is best you can, I'd like to talk about any impact on IP from this cyber attack at one of your largest peers. And maybe also, what IP is doing to defend itself from similar things?
Mark Sutton: Well, that seems like cyber issues are in the news almost every day, we haven't had any material impact related to any cyber issues. We’re working constantly with our information technology process control at our Chief Information Security Officer and our board to make sure we're staying ahead of the curve. And there's a lot of techniques Mark, every company's got approaches and outside help. But what we've focused on is making sure our manufacturing network where it's connected and needs to be connected, and where it doesn't need to be connected, it's not connected. So it's a hybrid of connectivity to share data that's necessary to share and a distributed system when it's not necessary to share. So isolating into sectors, the different potential entry points. On the business, back office systems, again using our own and third-party sticker protection protocols. But it's a moving target. And we’re continuously working on it. And we always feel, I think it's a healthy way to feel that we're behind. So that keeps us laser focused on it.
Tim Nicholls: Mark, I’d just add. The other piece of it Mark is from a disaster recovery and business continuity standpoint, those are things that we run drills on a regular basis to hopefully make sure that we're able to recover, should we have an attack Mark is right. There's a huge dose of humility in all this stuff.
Mark Wilde: Is there any impact on just like slops that you do sort of amongst companies to kind of minimize freight costs? I mean, one of the things we hear about is that there's issues with shipping from some of those sites right now?
Mark Sutton: I really can't comment on the company you're talking about, but I'll tell you…
Mark Wilde: I talk about IP though, does this have any effect, impact on IP because somebody's not able to meet this as a one-off?
Mark Sutton: We haven't seen any. Sorry, I misunderstood your question. We haven't seen any impact. We are, it's all we can do with or without those disruptions to supply all of the channels to market that we have demand for right now. But no, Mark, we haven't seen anything that's affected us in a noticeable way.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Understood, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Hey, my first question, Mark. And we're not going to hold you to this, but just want to get a sense for as you look at global cellulose fibers, and hopefully, a better demand outcome as we go into ‘21. And what looks to be a better market pricing across all the cellulose market. Do you think the business can turn profitable this year? Or does more work needs to be done either in terms of demand, cost, commercial efforts? How would you have us think about that not looking for the quarter, but just conceptually, do you think the business now is at a level of profitability that, we can see some positive numbers at some point?
Mark Sutton: I think the answer is yes. You'll see positive numbers at some point. I mean, the reason we didn't go beyond the first quarter with anything specific is because of the uncertainty and the likelihood that no one really knows how things are going to play out until we get this pandemic under control. But what do you want to be looking at and what we're looking at is continuous improvement in cellulose fibers on all fronts. We've got some internal things that we can do, and we're working on them to improve our cost, position, post the integration of Warehouser and IP, and then there's the market pricing, volume selected customers, and all that is moving in a positive direction right now. What I can't predict sitting here today is the rate but you'll see quarter-after-quarter more positive results and the business is getting start gaining some momentum and we're beginning to turn that corner now.
George Staphos: Okay, Mark, thanks for the comments there. And I wanted to kind of a longer-term question with you here. So if we go to the slide that you and Tim were discussing on longer-term cash flow, the compound rate of growth over 10 years has been something around 3%, which is quite good given the capital intensity of the business and a lot of the challenges that you've had to consider over time, when you think about the outlook over the next five years, next let's keep it to five years, given the demand pickup that you've gotten from e-commerce, given some of the optimization opportunities you're working on. But also given what might be a more inflationary environment, what would you advise investors and analysts to think about in terms of your growth rate and cash flow over the next five to 10 years? Should it be accelerating? Is it 3%? And qualitatively, what would be the biggest drivers of that outlook? Thank you.
Mark Sutton: George, that's a really great question, a little heavy for a quarterly earnings call. But it's a fair question. 
George Staphos: I figured I'd give that up a little bit.
Mark Sutton: Perfect, we always want more strategic questions. And our objective of building a better IP is obviously to generate consistent, credible earnings growth. And that's going to have a positive effect on cash. But I am sitting here with my CFO who really wants to answer this question. So Tim, why don't you?
Tim Nicholls: Well, I want to just give a little bit of perspective. So Mark's, right. I mean, the key is growing earnings and that should grow cash. But the other things that we're working on that we have mentioned, is our capital investment process and making sure that we’re more robust about how we deploy capital. Hopefully, that's going to lead to higher returns from projects we do and fewer projects, where they don't meet the criteria that they need to meet. And so on balance, we should get more for less cash. The other places just what Mark talked about earlier, some of these technology driven earnings improvement opportunities are giving us capability around both capability and capacity without the normal capital investment dollar on the front-end. So I thought it was worth highlighting that.
George Staphos: All right, thanks, Tim. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: I have a question on the port delays and supply chain congestion impacting cellulose fibers. Just wondering if there's any detail you can give in terms of how that sort of stands in February. And in terms of potential impact to 1Q, you talked about non-repeats on in the outlook slide, I think you said $35 million improved ops and cost, is supply chain in ports a big part of that sequential improvement, just wondering, there's no finer points to put them?
Mark Sutton: Well, I think, it's yet to be determined. But that is we do expect that to improve. It's part of it, but we haven't seen the improvement really take hold in any meaningful and meaningful way. Maybe it's in a way a result of the impressive demand improvement. So I think it usually works itself out through the quarter. And we’re hopefully beginning to see that. And so we can get our product all the way to market.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, and maybe just related question. I mean, can you talk about the current pulp market conditions, especially in China, I mean, we're seeing some price increases and spot prices there that are pretty eye popping. Could you just talk about what's driving that, maybe the sustainability and then if you could just remind us in terms of IP Cellulose Fibers business and then from Ilim, what percentage of your shipments in pulp go to China versus North America versus other parts of the world?
Mark Sutton: So I mean, what we see generally in China, so in our cellulose fibers, fluff pulp, we’re selling, we’re inside that whole softwood pulp market environment. The Chinese economy is improving, paperboard production is increasing, and that's increasing the need for softwood pulp which improves the entire market supply and demand and dynamics and that flows to fluff pulp. So we think it's the broader Chinese economy improving, it looks to be sustainable as China seems to be first in really recovering from the economic impacts of the pandemic. Most of Ilim, I think your second part of your question was the Northern softwood that Ilim makes, almost all of what Ilim makes, goes to China, if not all of it. There could be a couple of other markets that are not technically China, but it's all China and the Greater Asian market in that area because remember, Anthony our two pulp mills are in Siberia. So we've shipped directly, virtually nothing goes anywhere else.
Anthony Pettinari: Great. And then IP’s kind of cellulose fiber footprint proper in terms of U.S. versus China versus rest of world?
Mark Sutton: Yes, so to China, if memory serves I think it’s roughly 30% of what we should virtually everything goes offshore. We have some customers here in North America, but 80% of what we make goes offshore somewhere either to Europe, or to China. I think China, if I remember correctly, is roughly 30% for the absorbents.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, okay, that's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Mark, and Tim, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Tim, one on the price mix guidance you gave for industrial packaging, it implies about $20 a ton of higher prices sequentially. So assuming you didn't realize much of the November increase in the fourth quarter, for obvious reasons, then that would suggest that cumulatively, you’ll have realized maybe half of the $50 increase by 1Q, if am I thinking about it correctly? And is that the typical length of time that it takes you to realize these price increases? Any more detail you could give would be helpful?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, sure. Two things one, first of all, in the fourth quarter, we had last residual of the price published down impact from January in the fourth quarter. So a very small percentage of these things have a lag effect that takes few quarters to work through, I would characterize our price realization on the containerboard and box price increase, that was announced in November as following a typical pattern, it usually takes a couple of quarters, for the majority of it to flow through, but then there is a residual that will continue into the third and the fourth quarter of this year. But it's no different than what we've experienced in past increases, we're expecting the same type in curve.
Adam Josephson: Got it and then also related to guidance, Tim. Normally this time of year, you give full-year EBITDA guidance, obviously, you did not do so this time, can you talk about, how strongly you consider giving guidance and why you ultimately chose not to? And because obviously we know what the price impact could be, you have your idea of what costs inflation could be, you know if maintenance will be up, corporate will be up. So, obviously, you've got some of the pieces. So just wondering what your thought process was there?
Tim Nicholls: It's a great question. So from a technical standpoint, we don't really give guidance, we provide an outlook. And you're correct, we have in prior-years, given a rough outline for what our expectations were in the coming year. If you'd asked me that question in October about what we would do right now, I would have probably been in a different place. But I think with COVID stretching longer than we imagined, vaccines not coming into play to as greater degree is what was forecasted. We didn't see at this point in time, a reason to change our practice from the past few quarters. I'm hopeful that as things play out in the first quarter, maybe second quarter, we'll have much more clarity, and we can start looking a little bit longer-term. But that was the rationale around thinking about our outlook for this call for the first quarter.
Adam Josephson: Thanks a lot, Tim.
Operator: Okay, our next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Two follow-ups, first on the capital spend, it really is noticeable that you've been able to bring down that spend and apparently get what you need done. In particular 2020, it was only 430 on maintenance and regulatory. Is that do you think that type of number is sustainable? What's really a good number for you to meet those needs on maintenance and regulatory? And kind of more generally, what should we be thinking about or where do you think you are as to how much you need to spend to effectively run in place, so to offset inflation and then presumably anything above that would drive growth through cost reduction, strategic et cetera?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, it's a great question. So I would say that our maintenance capital investment in 2020 was on the low side. We try to optimize and maximize every dollar that we put into the facilities and do it in a targeted way. But we have cycles, something, some types of maintenance are due on a calendar basis, because certifications are required and whatnot, we're looking at some of that, this year or just on a higher cycle. We also took it as an opportunity, given the unusual nature of last year as we reference to think a little bit differently about to what extent and how we would deploy maintenance outages across the fleet. So the trend would or the, the normalized, if you will, would be higher than last year. But with the offsets that we mentioned earlier, we’re trying to become more efficient on capital and some of these predictive reliability capabilities are giving us an opportunity over time, we think to anticipate a problem before it actually happens, which should yield a lower cost, whether it's capital or expense in our facilities.
Mark Sutton: So Mark, this class comment you made is really important. And I made this point a few calls ago, we really look at maintenance in totality. So there's a capital expenditure component. But there's an expense component that oftentimes is 2x and capital components. So when we look at lowering the cash needed to run in place, as you say, to maintain today's earnings and cash flow, we look at the total number. And sometimes well placed capital expenditures can significantly and dramatically lower your ongoing expenses. And the company would be better off and the cash generation profile would be better off. So we're constantly looking at that, what's exciting about some of these new technological approaches is we can probably if we're successful, save not only on CapEx, so it's mostly condition based, not time or inspection based, but also on the expense side. So there's a huge multiplier if we get it right.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you and I definitely appreciate the complexity. So maybe a different way to ask would be with what you spent last year on both capital and as you said, the maintenance et cetera that gets expensed. Would you say that you were at a level that was meeting that run in place, maybe above it, or because of the unusual environment had you elected to go below it?
Mark Sutton: I think we were at a level that allowed us to run in place. I answered that without knowing the impact of every decision we made because it's a continuum, we made choices to do and not do certain things in 2020, because of the pandemic influenced disruptions on the market. Some of those look like they've been good decisions. Some of those may end-up being bad decisions in the month of April. And we realized something we didn't do created a disruption. So you have to constantly look at it on a continuum basis. But I feel like the combination of capital and expense and the performance we delivered and continue to deliver albeit a couple of operating issues in the fourth quarter that we struck about the right balance.
Mark Weintraub: Great, thank you. And then just on pulp, a quick follow-up. Recognizing there's a lot of volatility and predictability. Two questions. One is on Ilim, you have not that much of a change in the equity and earnings for the first quarter versus the fourth quarter given what we have seen in the Chinese spot market sectors sort of seemed a bit surprising. I know if there's any color you can add on that. And then second, is there a methodology you would provide for us on the outside to think about how to translate what we see in list prices, to what flows through and how quickly it flows through into your Cellulose Fibers results for the North American operations?
Mark Sutton: So on global cellulose fibers, just start there, we have a fairly predictable and normal over time, ramp curve on containerboard. The pulp business is different, it has a different set of dynamics, we have different segments of customers, contracts vary across the customer base and our experience has been over the past few years that the price increases tend to take longer to work their way through to the bottom line. So confident in the price increases that we put out there but it always takes time for them to be fully realized. On Ilim, I think most of what you're seeing contributed to plan is just, it's just FX and expectations around FX.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens Incorporated.
Mark Connelly: I was hoping we can talk about pulp a little more long-term. Soft demand tends to be pretty reliable and markets pretty attractive growth character, but the returns over time tend to be really inconsistent. We saw that with some of the assets long before you brought them. Is it realistic to think that there is going to be a time when contract terms start to delink from commodity pulp or have that specification barriers broken down because of the vast pulp processing. I am really trying to understand how you think about the long-term profile of pulp when we think about that in contrast to what you’ve accomplished in containerboard?
Mark Sutton: It's a great question Mark. The commercial strategy that we deployed and it looks like the market deployed was clubbed for a long time was an external product on top of the broad pulp offering. It's now becoming a real market on its own and probably a different commercial approach, that's always difficult when she started one way to change but that is naturally our objective to change the way we value the product and to make sure we understand that we're getting appropriate value for what the product and service we provide. It will take some time but I think the downside is not improving is that the investment in making sure that product is available long-term will be much attractive and I think most markets if the product is really valuable and the technical specifications are really important and it seems that they are, it usually can correct over time, but it's not easy and you made a good point.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And if we can just sweep, your process optimization program, I was just trying to understand how it differs from what you’ve done before because we tend to think of IP as a leader in process management especially containerboard. So it's focused on different things really just bringing new technology. I am thinking back to Carol Roberts seven-year program.
Mark Sutton: That's a fair remark. There's always opportunity to improve and we have systems and capabilities across few organizations that has helped us manage to where we are today. We're seeing new opportunities to use data in a different way and different types of data to make real-time decisions. So for instance, you think about the supply chain from fiber to the mills, containerboard to box plants and then the customers and thinking about how we manage board combinations across our system based on availability and where to arbitrage transportation for fiber cost is an opportunity that we think we can really exploit and so the tools are giving us a way to compare options that are just quite frankly too complicated to do in the moment by hand and we're building technology tools that will help us do that and they better trade off decisions.
Mark Connelly: I appreciate it and obviously IP has been a leader in that space and nice to see you making more progress.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our last question will come from the line of Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: In terms of the OCC prices, we've seen there's run up a bid recently, can you just give us a sense of the expectation for how OCC prices evolved through 2021 as well as longer term and then this is how the Chinese ban of OCC imports, it seems that it has taken a shortage of fiber. Do you have any thoughts on whether it's kind of tangled stick and how they will grow out their fiber needs going forward?
Mark Sutton: We couldn’t hear exactly, I think you asked about OCC prices, but you broke up a little bit at the beginning of your question. Is that what you're asking OCC prices?
Neel Kumar: Yeah, I was just asking about what's your type of strategy at OCC in 2021 is the longer term?
Mark Sutton: 2021 the crystal ball is not that clear going out towards the second half of the year. In the quarter, we expect the trend that we saw in the fourth quarter to continue in the first and so on average I think we're expecting $15 to $20, maybe a little bit more than that on OCC but it really will depend in such a fastly acting market to circumstances and conditions. So we'll have to see what happens as we go from first into second quarter.
Neel Kumar: Great and then just in terms of China's ban on OCC imports, do you think that's going to stick or how does it address their fiber needs going forward?
Mark Sutton: Well we've inherently always, we've said, we've taken their word and I think you've already seen the market is beginning to adjust and is just adjusting last year and maybe even late 2019 in anticipation of this. So I think you see some of that rotation from one fiber time to another in China and you see a rebalancing across other export markets for OCC. So yeah, I think that probably stays in place.
Neel Kumar: Great. Thank you.
Guillermo Gutierrez: So thanks everyone for joining us today and for the call -- for the questions, excuse me. Just a closing comment, we are excited about what's in front of us with International Paper. We have strong demand in packaging and cellulose fibers business. Our paper business is recovering. We're still navigating the pandemic, but as I said in my comments, I have total confidence in our employees to be able to continue to do that. We have improving market conditions and so we're excited about the way 2021 is going to unfold and lead us into a very strong position as we enter 2022 and what I'm very hopeful is a pandemic-free economic playing field. So thank you again for your interest in International Paper.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's International Paper fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. Your may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to today's International Paper Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Day Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now turn today's conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President Investor Relations.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2020 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including the impact of COVID-19. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2020 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide two also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning everyone. We will begin our discussion on slide 3. International Paper delivered solid results and robust cash flows in a dynamic environment. We generated $1.6 billion of free cash flow through the first three quarters as we continue to demonstrate the strength and resilience of our company. We're on track to generate $2 billion in free cash flow this year, through our early actions and strong execution. Relative to demand, recovery trends continue to vary by business and by end user consumer segments. Demand for our corrugated packaging accelerated the third quarter and that momentum continues in the fourth quarter. In fluff pulp as expected, we experienced seasonally lower demand and destocking across most regions. In papers, we're in an early stage of recovery as offices and school activities began to restart. Against this backdrop, our commercial supply chain and manufacturing organizations are executing at a high level to ensure we meet our customer's changing needs, leveraging the scale and flexibility of our system and optimizing our cost. The company's solid performance in the third quarter reinforces our financial strength and commitment to our capital allocation framework. Turning now to slide four which shows our third quarter results. Operating earnings were $0.71 per share, which included an unfavorable Ilim foreign exchange non-cash impact of $0.14 in the quarter. Sales improved sequentially and came in benign expectations, driven by strong demand in our North American packaging business. EBITDA increased by nearly $100 million sequentially, even as planned maintenance outage expenses stepped out by about $80 million. As already mentioned, we generated robust free cash flow in the third quarter, which continue to apply in a manner consistent with our capital allocation framework. During the third quarter, we reduced debt by about $800 million bringing year-to-date debt reduction to $1.1 billion. Earlier this month, the Board of Directors approved the fourth quarter dividend bringing the full year optimizations for our dividend to $800 million. Moving to slide five, as I reflect on our performance this year, it reaffirms my admiration and appreciation for our 50,000 employees worldwide, who continue to perform in a high level by taking care of each other and our customers. I'm especially grateful to our front-line teams in manufacturing and converting facilities around the world. We remained absolutely committed to our COVID-19 principles and we'll continue to focus on what we need to do to further strengthen the company for all of our stakeholders in the short term and in the long term. Now, I'll turn it over to Tim, who will cover our business performance and our fourth quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark, good morning. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter earnings page on slide six. Third quarter operating earnings were better than we expected, driven by strong commercial and operating performance, as well as outstanding cost management. Higher volume contributed to improved fixed cost absorption in the quarter, which is captured in operations and cost. Third quarter performance also demonstrated some one-time items, which favorably impacted operations and cost. Looking at the bridge, price and mix was essentially flat. Volume was favorable driven by strong demand for corrugated packaging in North America, and improved demand for printing papers across all regions. Operations and cost benefited from improved fixed cost absorption on higher volume. The businesses continue to maximize job managing cost and delivered strong operational performance to mitigate the impact for gains in the quarter. As mentioned earlier, one-time items contributed favorably to operations and cost, adding at up $30 million or $0.06 per share with each business seeing about $10 billion in benefits. As expected, maintenance outage costs were a drag in the third quarter which is our highest plant maintenance outage quarter this year. I'll remind you that in response to COVID-19, we made significant adjustments to the scope and timing of our maintenance outage plant. We now expect the full year maintenance outage expense to be $450 million compared to $585 million in the original forecast that we shared with you at the beginning of the year. Input costs were favorable, mostly due to lower recovered fiber costs. We did experience higher energy and distribution cost as we exited the third quarter, which we see as a positive sign of an improving economy. Operating expenses were lower than expected, benefiting from about $20 million in foreign currency adjustment. Tax expense was lower by $0.07 per share in the third quarter, with an effective tax rate of 19% compared to 26% in the second quarter. Most of this was related to adjustments to our federal tax provision after finalizing our 2019 tax return. Equity earnings include the noncash foreign exchange loss of $0.14 in the third quarter for Ilim as compared to a $0.09 gain in the second quarter. Turning to the segments and starting with industrial packaging on Slide 7, the business performed well, driven by strong commercial and operational performance. Across the segment, price and mix was stable. Volume improved sequentially across all regions with strong demand in North America, where demand accelerated in the third quarter in just about every segment. We're seeing the benefits of strong at-home consumption. And we're in the early stages of recovery in food service. We continue to see very strong double-digit growth in e-commerce with increased consumer reliance on e-commerce as a buying channel. More recently, we're seeing better performance for industrial and durable goods across a broad spectrum of the end use segments. Especially those linked with construction and home improvement. Our export containerboard shipments were lower in the third quarter, due to the strong demand in North America and the impact of weather events. With that said, underlying demand and our export channels picked up as we entered the seasonally stronger fourth quarter. Our mills and converting facilities performed well. We managed direct and indirect cost well, while fixed costs absorption improved on higher volume, all of which helped mitigate the impact of precautionary downtime related to the hurricanes. Maintenance outage costs were lower than expected, as we de-sculpt and shifted some outage activity to the fourth quarter to better support customer demand in the third quarter. Input costs were favorable driven by lower recovered fiber costs, we did see higher energy and distribution costs as we exited the third quarter, along with a sharp increase in natural gas costs from the COVID related lows as economies reopened. Lastly, an update on Riverdale 15, the white-top wider board conversion, the ramp up is progressing, ahead of schedule and qualification activities are advancing rapidly through our box system. As a reminder, this investment benefits our box customers, who value high impact graphics and strengthens our containerboard offerings. Moving to Slide 8, we've often talked about how we're investing to enhance our capabilities. And while that is often associated with investments we make in our mills and box systems, another important investment we're making is around innovation and enhancing customer specific solutions. It comes back to the fundamental notion that boxes are tailored to meet each of our customer's unique needs. We're accelerating innovation to further our advantages and faster growing box segments. We developed [ph] e-box, a software platform that enables our teams of experts to work with our e-commerce customers to determine the optimal design and suite of boxes to minimize packaging waste and reduce their freight costs. For our protein customers, we developed a recyclable moisture barrier that allows poultry, beef and pork boxes to compete - to complete the fiber cycle. For our fresh produce customers, we provide a full-service machinery platform that's tailored to meet each customer's packaging needs. These are just a few examples of how we provide value to our customers to ensure they have the right box with the right support services for each particular application. If we look at Slide 9 a quick update on the demand outlook for containerboard export. Demand improved as we move through the third quarter and customer inventories are currently normal to the low side. We're seeing an expected seasonal pickup in the Mediterranean region with an especially robust citrus season in Northern Africa and a solid start in Spain. We're also seeing a nice pickup in demand in China for industrial production recovers. And in Latin America favorable weather conditions are supported to continued solid demand for banana and pineapple boxes. Our export containerboard channels provide good insight to box demand expectations across key regions given a typical 60-day lead time. If we turn to global cellulose fibers on Slide 10, price and mix was favorable on price flow through. Volume is stable with a mix of about 75% fluff and specialty pulp. Operations and costs were impacted by unabsorbed fixed costs, which was partially offset by about $10 million a favorable one-time items, including higher seasonal productivity sales. Maintenance outage costs increased as planned, and input cost increased on higher wood and energy costs. Taking a closer look at fluff pulp demand in the quarter, we experienced seasonally weaker demand and destocking across most regions. This follows a rather strong pull forward in demand during the first half of the year. Overall, demand is stable going into the fourth quarter with improved fluff demand offset by weak demand for printing and writing grades, tissue demand remains healthy. If we turn to Slide 11, and look at Printing Papers, demand improved in just about every region from COVID restriction lows in the second quarter, but remained well below than prior year levels. Across this segment, price and mix decreased primarily due to lower export pricing in Latin America, and lower pricing in Europe. Volume improved across all regions with year-over-year demand improving from about minus 30% in the second quarter to about minus 15% in the third quarter in our key regions. Operations and costs benefited from improved fixed cost absorption and economic downtime decreased by 225,000 tonnes sequentially across all regions. We also benefited from about $10 million of one-time items primarily related to COVID subsidies and green energy credits in Europe. The business continues to generate meaningful cash flows by focusing on cost management and working capital. We exited the quarter with our inventories at our target range based on the current demand environment. As we think about recovery, we saw a meaningful improvement in demand in the third quarter. We know uncertainty remains while COVID restrictions persists, however, we do expect the recovery to accelerate as economies fully reopen. Looking at the Ilim results on Slide 12. We had an equity loss of $33 million in the quarter. This includes a non-cash foreign exchange loss on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt of which IP's after-tax portion was $55 million or $0.14 a share. Volume improved sequentially and year-over-year, driven by higher softwood pulp exports to China. However, pricing mix decreased on lower pulp pricing. Operations for solid and maintenance outages were well executed. The third quarter was Ilim's highest maintenance outage quarter in 2020. Turning to Slide 13 we'll cover the outlook. We continue to operate in a dynamic environment with demand trends varying by business and end use customer segments. As mentioned, demand for corrugated packaging accelerated in the third quarter, and that momentum continues in the fourth quarter. Demand for fluff pulp is normalizing following the inventory destocking which occurred in the third quarter. In printing papers, we're seeing a modest recovery although demand challenges persist. Taking a closer look at Industrial Packaging, we expect price index to be stable. Volume is expected to decrease by $5 million, with strongbox demand mostly offsetting the impact of three less shipping days in the fourth quarter. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $50 million, including the non-repeat of one-time benefits in the third quarter. Staying with Industrial Packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $45 million and input costs are expected to increase by $20 million, mostly due to higher energy and transportation costs. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to decrease by $5 million. Volume is expected to be stable. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $20 million, which again includes the non-repeat of favorable items in the third quarter. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $4 million and input costs are expected to be stable. Turning to Printing Papers, we expect price and mix to be stable. Volume is expected to improve $20 million on higher seasonal demand in Latin American. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $25 million, mostly due to the non-repeat of one-time benefits in the third quarter and higher seasonal energy cost. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $16 million and input costs are expected to increase by $5 million. Lastly, under equity earnings, you'll see our outlook for the Ilim joint venture. Turning to slide 14, as Mark said in his opening remarks, we're on track to generate $2 billion in free cash flow in 2020. In our first quarter earnings call, we highlighted the company's financial flexibility and some of the cash levers we had available to enhance our cash generation and what has been undoubtedly one of the most uncertain environments we faced. Given the economic uncertainty at the time, we chose to pull some of these levers including capital spending. In addition, COVID-19 changed the way we worked in 2020 and choices were made or rather planned maintenance outages and other spending priorities, which we expect will contribute about 15% of our free cash flow this year. Our early actions and strong execution across the company are enabling us to deliver another year of strong free cash flow generation, reflecting the resilience of International Paper. Turning to slide 15, I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation choices in the third quarter. Debt repayment is a priority. During the third quarter, we reduced debt by nearly $800 million, which brings debt reduction to $1.1 billion through the third quarter. We've essentially eliminated all bond maturities through the end of 2021 and improved our maturity profile over the next decade. I'd also note that we've reduced annual interest expense by nearly $60 million on debt reduction activity through the third quarter. You can expect additional debt reduction in the fourth quarter, with an expected debt-to-EBITDA of around three times at year end on a Moody's basis. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. Our Board of Directors authorized the fourth quarter dividend earlier this month. With this decision, we will have returned about $800 million to shareholders through the fourth quarter. Looking at investments, we're on track with our $800 million capital spending target in 2020, which includes the Riverdale conversion, as well as other funding priorities to ensure we have the right capabilities in our U.S. box business. With regard to our investment in Graphic Packaging, we received $250 million in cash in the third quarter related to the second transaction. This is the maximum amount permitted for each period under the agreement. Our ownership position is now approximately 14.8%. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim for all the detail. Look, this is our third earnings call under the realities of COVID-19. And as I said from the outset, International Paper answered this crisis in a position of strength, it really starts with the talent and commitment of our employees, that strong position is reinforced by our capabilities to provide the best solutions for our customers and by our customers themselves. We are partnered with many of the winning customers in multiple segments across our three businesses. And our strong positions supported by our world class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. All of which contributed once again to our solid performance and strong cash generation in quarter. I'm pleased with our performance and really excited about our strong outlook for the fourth quarter, and the momentum we're generating especially in our packaging business. And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo securities.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, everyone. Hope, you and your families are doing well.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: First question Mark, it has to do with the Global Cellulose Fibers business. And from my perspective, quite frankly, I don't think you guys are getting much credit for it. So, I recognize that where you guys play this is somewhat of a sub segment of the larger complex. So, I'm curious if there's something unique about kind of this cycle, outside of the obvious COVID impact that we're seeing in printing tissue in total, that is negatively impacting kind of the supply demand dynamics globally? And then relatedly, I think you guys made a management change here. And given Mr. Hammock's background would seemingly imply more of a fixes might be commercial. But I'm curious if there's anything on the operational side that might be contemplated, we didn't see much in the way of footprint consolidation, post warehousing?
Mark Sutton: Those are three really good questions about our Global Cellulose fibers business, first one on the cycle, I think that there's nothing unique about this particular cycle. If you think about '18, it was at the peak of pricing, the peak of demand, '19 was a somewhat normal reset. And then as we were turning the corner in the beginning of '20, prices were moving-up, volume was moving-up, COVID hit, temporarily that was a benefit. But now with the demand decline in printing papers, a certain amount of softwood pulp has stranded. So, there's a supply issue that's unique to this cycle, but it's really COVID related. And it's related to the demand decline in printing papers, some of that softwood pulp is finding its way into absorbing products at the margins. And that's creating what I believe, as a temporary structural issue. On operations, I've talked before about what the business needs to be successful post the combination of IP and warehouser, and that is, moving the mix to about 85% absorbent products, so fluff and specialties, minimal position, but a small position in market pulp, to balance the system. And then, having the cost structure of the best mills, which tended to be some of the ones we acquired, be the cost structure of most of the mills, and some of that is going to take some investment. We've developed some of the projects and now it's a matter of timing in those investments so, improving the mix, improving the cost structure - the manufacturing cost structure, and then operating commercially in an excellent way through the normal cyclicality. As far as the management change, you mentioned, Tim Hammock, his background suits what the business needs right now very well. He's had tremendous success commercially in different businesses in the company. And after we did the integration, and we put the teams together, which was done very well, he does have the right skill set for where we're going forward. So, we're excited about the role he'll play in that business. And we believe in the business long term, we made this investment. If I take you back to the end of 2016, in order to position IP in another fiber advantaged, growth-oriented market, albeit small market, it was a play for the longer term. And I think as you think about the demand drivers for diapers, adult incontinence and the other absorbent products, it's got good fundamental demand dynamics around the world. We have to level, set and improve our supply position, mainly in the ways that I've been described.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you very much, Mark. I'll try to be brief here with the follow up as it relates to the Industrial Packaging segment. Obviously, demand has been somewhat episodic with the COVID impact. But I'm curious kind of, if you can share anything, what you're hearing from your customers in terms of inventory levels. We're hearing that things are pretty well depleted. And really, we're just seeing the benefits itself right now, but just curious if you have any insight there?
Mark Sutton: And it is by segment really Gabe, a story by segment and we are seeing some very positive trends in areas that we're heard a little bit. And part of it is I think inventory depletion. So, the center - processed foods center of the grocery store has picked up very nicely. We talked a lot about e-commerce, that's up a lot, and it's staying up a lot. We began to see some improvement as restaurants open, we have to see what that looks like as we head into the fall and winter, predictable caseload of COVID moving up and what different governments do to deal with that, but really encouraging news across the board sequentially. But even on a year-over-year basis, the e-commerce channel has an order of magnitude different than that it has been, we think some of that will stay.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: You highlighted some of the investments for customer tailored solutions for e-commerce and protein, I'm just wondering from a big picture perspective, if you can talk about the kind of returns you get from those investments? And then for the products themselves if there's a margin differential or just how you get paid for those solutions when you're on the ground with the customer?
Mark Sutton: So the examples that Tim shared, are just a few examples of addressing the needs of our box customers. And then that flows back through our value chain all the way to the type of substrates and containerboard that we would make to make those boxes. And if it's a capital investment, we're always looking at north of 20% returns, but some of them not capital investments, they're design investments. And that's what we tried to highlight in this particular earnings call that the talent level of our go-to-market strategy and our designers is coming up with unique products and unique services that can run on our equipment that we have. So, the capital investment is small. Where we see the payoff is two ways. Usually there's a margin benefit, if in fact it's a total cost of ownership, meaning it lowers the customer's cost. And two, it positions us in a differentiated way in a very competitive market to where we grow our position with a certain customer, because we have an offering that's just enough different from the competitive set that it helps us to grow our position.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then just sticking with Industrial Packaging, the containerboard price hike that's been announced I'm just wondering to the extent that you can. If you could talk about sort of the typical timing of price increases on boxes, how much maybe using history as a guide might show up in 4Q versus 1Q versus 2Q next year?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Anthony, it's Tim. So, we see the following a normal path. For us, we might pick up a little bit in the fourth quarter, but it's very minimal. Every contract is different, but most of our contracts allow for a one quarter lag. And so, we start seeing the real benefits in the first quarter and then continuing on in the second, next year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Your packaging, obviously, demand really seems to be picking up a lot. If we could get your quarter-to-date box shipments, that would be helpful. And maybe even more importantly, what do you think is going on assuming that you have seen some of there's really strong pickup lately that we're hearing from others as well? And now how sustainable is it? And do you think folks are rebuilding inventories that got very low? And so to a certain extent, our - what we saw before was understated? Or is it more potentially virus getting ahead of the price increase? Any color you could give would be helpful?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, hey, Mark its Tim. I don't think it's getting ahead of the price increase; people just don't warehouse boxes. They take up too much space. I think that some of what Mark said earlier, there is some replenishing of supply chains that's going on. But there's also the continued opening of economies as well. And so, we've seen pickups in the third quarter, August was better than July, September was better than August, is continuing in October. Right now nearing the end of the month, where we're looking at about a 6% increase on a daily basis in our box system. But it's really strong e-commerce that continues to grow and I think that some of these other segments starting to come back. One thing that we see a little bit of a shift just on durable goods, it looks like people are substituting travel for durable goods purchases or maybe making other trade-offs like that. So we've seen an acceleration as we come in from the third into the fourth. If you look at the market overall on a daily basis, the market stopped a little bit over a point year-to-date. So, in an upset condition, pretty good growth and I think it look like Mark said, it'll vary by segment as we go through the fourth quarter and into next year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And just you made that comment that export market is looking strong and general demand picking up. And one area China, you mentioned industrial getting a bit better. But I guess one of the big questions is, how is China going to be dealing with their fiber issues with no OCC going in potentially next year? And as you look at it, could China become increasingly important buyer of Kraftliner from North America? And how important a factor could this be in the global equation?
Tim Nicholls: Well, so we - our base case is we take them at their word. And we think all imports and OCC will end then like they say it will. It'll be a fiber balance equation as you suggest. I think some of it will get satisfied by market pulp for certain end uses. And yes, I think there could be a step up in not only Kraftliner purchases, but probably recycled pulp purchases as well. That may take a little bit of time to fully play out. And as to where it comes from, I think it's going to come from a lot of different places.
Mark Sutton: And I would just add Mark that, the highest quality of covered fiber in the world comes from the U.S. market because of the high concentration Kraftliner boxes. And while China may not take any as OCC, it will probably take some of that feedstock as a version of recycled pulp or processed one-time before it goes into China. And in the region, there are some people doing that. And I think there'll be some people doing that from the U.S. with high quality recover fiber, minimal cost input to clean it up, roll it and then I think it probably qualifies as input fiber to China. But we'll see how that plays out. No one knows exactly how, but the simple math says that there's a tremendous fiber need for the growing Chinese economy that'll have to come from somewhere.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Kumar of Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: On the Riverdale project, you mentioned the startup being ahead of schedule. I was wondering, if you can just talk about your plan to rent in volume for deployment stronger near-term demand backdrop? And are you seeing any significant differences in the supply and demand dynamics of white-top versus tradition linerboard?
Mark Sutton: I think on Riverdale, we were really pleased with the ramp up once we started up. So the ramp up of the startup is ahead of schedule. The project itself obviously was impacted in the final stages by trying to finish a large construction project during a pandemic. But it's running well, the quality is really, really good, in some cases exceeding our design expectations. And we will adjust that product as we said before, that white-top liner into our system in place of some lower quality white-top we were making, and then we'll just balance the brown and white. But we don't see any significant demand shifts right now in the need for white-top other than the growth drivers we saw when we approved the project. So we're excited about it. It's going to help our box customers. It's going to help some of our open market customers, who make their own boxes. Some of this product goes into the premium segments, premium wines, premium beverages and there's a pretty strong demand for some of that. And probably some of its related to the way people are confined to home.
Neel Kumar: Thanks. That's helpful. And there's also an article recently about Amazon, again, looking to reduce the amount of packing and uses and some shifting towards padded mailers rather than boxes. E-commerce demand has actually been very strong this year. But I was curious to see any evidence and mailers taking share from boxes? I mean in general, how are you thinking about the efficiency of packaging in the e-commerce channel overtime and the impact of any type of initiatives?
Mark Sutton: So, we try to look at the solution that the customer needs, whether it's a box or a mailer, we try to obviously steer customers towards a sustainable choice which is fiber based. And we see growth in both. Mailers are used for certain type of items, where it's the better solution. Maybe some of those items were in boxes before mailers became more effective. But we see growth - in the box segment we see growth. In the mailer segment, we participated a bit on the craft paper side of that. And when Tim talked about this e-box technology, we are proactively helping all of our e-commerce customers optimize their packaging suite. So the right size box, if it's a box, and in many cases the box is definitely the right solution given the supply chain it's got to travel through. But if it's a piece of clothing, maybe a mailer works fine. But we are actively working proactively to get the waist down, to make the packaging experience for our customers cost effective and for the consumer to know that they are doing something that's sustainable. If they recycle that box to 92% of more recycled, that that goes back on the screen and it's just a good overall solution to commerce. And so, we're actively involved in that Neel and view it as a positive not a negative.
Neel Kumar: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim good morning.
Mark Sutton: Hi Adam.
Adam Josephson: Mark, just one question on the free sheet business, you took a good bit of downtime in your North American papers business this quarter, as you did last quarter. If you assume that current demand levels stay roughly where they are, how much oversupply would you say you have? And after having just converted Riverdale, are you more inclined to potentially convert another paper machine to containerboard? Or to shot a machine if you eventually decide that you need to take more capacity actions in that business?
Mark Sutton: Hi, Adam. That's a lot of hypotheticals in terms. We don't - well, first of all, we don't think paper demand will stay at the level of that, it will recover probably not 100% of what the COVID impact did to it, but some of it will recover as schools and offices open to some degree more than they are now. You're right. We took Riverdale out, not knowing that this was coming, but it actually was a benefit because it reduced our supply in the face of a real big demand decline. I've said this before and will continue to be our guiding principle, on containerboard conversions, we'll only make investments in containerboard production whether it's a conversion or a Greenfield or anything else. Based on the box and containerboard market, we won't do that based on the issue than another product line like uncoated free sheet in this question. Sometimes the timing doesn't match up perfectly. And you don't want to make a bad decision with an asset. But that's really what would drive it. So right now, we've got the ability, we haven't done it in a while, because we typically run the uncoated free sheet relatively full. But we have the ability to throttle that business with the same techniques we use in our containerboard business, so that we can adjust our output to the demand we have. And obviously, we've never thought the demand was coming back, we would make some more permanent decisions than carrying the cost of the economic downtime as we call it, but we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But what you need to know though is the principle for making more containerboard is about making more boxes, not about another asset that needs something to do.
Adam Josephson: Sure. And I appreciate that Mark. And just one on the box business, so you have a slide in your presentation in which you compare economic indicators to box demand, obviously, the tightest correlation is with a non-durable industrial production. And as you know, CPG volumes this year have been extraordinary, because of COVID. I think P&G had 16% U.S. sales growth, which is almost unheard of. And we've seen that all year. So I'm just wondering, what you would extrapolate from this years' experience in terms of box demand, if anything? I mean, obviously, consumers behavior has been so unusual in so many ways that I find it hard to extrapolate much of anything into future years unless we continue to be stuck at home for years to come. What are you extrapolating into next year from this years' experience?
Mark Sutton: Well, a couple of things on the non-durables. I think correlation still holds. I believe box performance is outperforming non-durables, because so much of the non-durable collection of markets segments is not box intensive. Some of those non-durable items are actually down and the box intensive portions of non-durable goods is up a lot. So, I think the correlations been a whole, I hope, and I think we're not going to be locked in our homes. So, some of this demand and channel movement will settle out. Couple of takeaways that are just sitting here today, I didn't think we've been at this long enough. And some of our customers are saying is that some consumer behavior changes will be pretty sticky. I think people are going to eat and go out a little different. So I think some of the demand and shifts in the food channel are going to stay with us, maybe not a 100%. And then secondly, we have a lot of first time new adopters to doing business in an e-commerce kind of way. And I think those people have had good experiences largely. And some of the retail channel will continue to be in an e-commerce kind of channel. And for us or IP given the investments we made and the position we have, we believe that's a positive. The rest of it's tough to call. Probably it settled out to something like we had before. But given this wasn't a one month or two-month issue, I think behaviors and habits are beginning to change. And it will probably last a while.
Adam Josephson: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of a George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks for the details. Thanks for taking our question. My first question was just kind of a tag on to Adam's question. What we've been trying to push companies on during earnings season so far is what change and behavior has occurred that we'll be sticking to use your term's mark on a going forward basis, specifically e-commerce because of COVID? And so, I don't know that you're in a position at this juncture six months into this to determine what the incremental pickup might be from this change behavior. But if you had any initial goalposts, that your customers are sharing with you, or again if you could affirm where you think this increase in demand will be most likely to say at this new normal level? That would be great. And then I had a quick question on operations.
Mark Sutton: Well, George, as Tim said, when you take everything into account box demand in a bit of a crazy year is upper percent. The year wasn't so crazy, maybe even normal correlations are there and box demand is about the same amount or 0.5% or 1.5% the range we've seen in the last couple of years. I think, if some of this e-commerce activity does remain and we believe it will because of what I said about first adopters and people buying things they never bought before. That tends to drive some incremental purchases in some cases. I think the big unknown is how fast if ever do people fully returned to the way they spent money before and the things they spent money on fuel, heavy travel, the service industry, that discretionary income tends to be now flowing into consuming goods, whether it's home improvement goods, luxury items, or basic necessities of food and supplies for your home. And that is a much more box intensive way to spend money from our perspective. And we believe that our level of that will continue well beyond when the all clear and sounded.
George Staphos: Understood. We'll keep evaluating. You mentioned some of the things that you're investing in earlier in the presentation. Are there areas that you can share at this juncture, capabilities that you need to further invest in to continue to participate and lead in this new world relative to corrugated? Again, maybe it's additional printing capability, maybe it's more I don't know how the small box initiative worked on e-commerce, but maybe it's more investments like that. Is there anything that you feel from a platform standpoint and really more on converting that you need to invest in? And then on the mill side, we've seen a dramatic drop off in demand and then a dramatic resurgence in demand. You're not alone. Other companies have also pulled in some of their maintenance, probably because you can't get people to facilities because of COVID. What are you doing now to make sure as especially on the mill side, to keep the reliability, you avoid unplanned outages because this is a lot of stress on a very, very capital intensive and important portion of your business?
Mark Sutton: George, those are two great questions. Let me get the investment opportunity. We basically said it's almost all in converting, it has a lot to do with small box and e-commerce configured plants the physical profile of an e-commerce blank for a box is smaller, so most efficiently run on the right size machines. So we've actually evolved to a percentage of our several hundred box plants are becoming e-commerce-oriented plants. And they look different. And if we ever build a new one from the ground up, which I think we probably will, it will look different physically as well building size, and you'll have more of those located right near the fulfillment centers. And that's where our investment opportunity is. There's always an opportunity and we continue to see it to improve printing capability. And we were investing in that. And then sometimes it's just pure capacity. We don't have enough box making capacity in a certain region of the country. And we have to add it organically or inorganically and you've seen us do it both ways. With respect to the investment question in the mills, we are blessed to have 16 containerboard mills, now 16.5 if you take out for Riverdale. We have a big system that's flexible. It is going to be wide open sometimes, like 2018. And it'll be less than that, like it was in 2019. We're always going to try to keep that balance. So we're going to look at it over a several year period and decide whether we have too much or not enough capacity. Investing in the reliability, you set aside the recycled mills, which don't have the complexity of a pulp mill, and a power generation unit, those are pretty easy to manage in reliability spending. It's mostly about reliability and the paper machine. And we do that through largely non-capital investments. On the integrated mills that take in wood, make their own energy and pulpwood, that's where the big maintenance capital is and that's where the risk management is. So we have a hierarchy process, where we - when we cut back on maintenance - we don't cut back on the maintenance, that could result in multiple days down. Usually that's in power generation, for in pulping. And so we would do that work. And we would forego some work that's in the paper machine area that even if it failed, our teams can get it back up and running with a repair albeit may be costly, but a repair within 24 hours or so. So that's how we approach that, something that we just have a risk management framework that doesn't leave our mills subject to major large outages.
George Staphos: Mark, that's great. I appreciate the thoughts. Good luck in the quarter. I'll turn it over.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover of D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Just similar to what Gabe laid off with, so you guys used to talk a lot about industry structure and behavior in the context of containerboard. And I think the results demonstrate how important that is in generating good returns. And I would also think that the structure in fluff pulp or absorb fibers is equally compelling. So when you hit your 85-15 target mix, do you think the returns in cellulose will be similar to what you're doing and Industrial Packaging?
Mark Sutton: Steve, I think our goal is to get the Cellulose Fibers business to the cost of capital. But the Industrial Packaging businesses probably got higher returns, and probably always will. There's a couple of differences though the market in Industrial Packaging is a lot bigger. Fluff pulp is a smaller market. So it's residing in a very large pulp ecosystem, softwood market pulp, hardwood pulp, and then specialties at the top and pure commodities at the bottom. So it's got a lot of activity around it. So inside of that segment, the structure looks really good. But outside of the segment, there's a lot of activity. And that does play out overtime. But our goal is to get it solidly to the cost of capital through a cycle that's part of margin on the revenue and profit side on the top. And that's part on just reducing our costs and then finally, the right mix as you mentioned, on the 85-15. We see a path to getting it there that'll correspond to some level of EBITDA. There's opportunities for us to work on the footprint, as I think Gabe asked as well. And we have plans to do all of that.
Steve Chercover: Well, I thought that IP had evolved to the point where earning your cost of capital wasn't enough, you had to be generating in excess for it to be compelling.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. That is correct. We believe that the best value creation, if you look at S&P 500 companies that perform the best and have first quartile TSR, they tend to have a 200 basis points spread from their cost of capital. So, we did that with the entire company. And if you followed us for a while, International Paper as a whole wasn't met its cost of capital. So the first goal is get it there. And then you build the spread. And we fully expect to be able to do that. And by the way, we have a spread to our cost of capital and in the entire company now. And that's our goal in each component of the company, but it won't be democratic and linear. There will be some parts of the company that have a five or 10 year run well above cost of capital. There'll be others that are right at cost of capital. But you've seen us take action on businesses and parts of businesses that we've concluded. We don't think we're the right owner to get it there.
Steve Chercover: Sure, and then switching to containerboard. I was just wondering if you could quantify the financial impacts and I know that they're already calibrated into the guidance. But how much of those hurricanes in that direct show in Iowa hurt you in the second quarter or sorry, in Q3? How would you characterize your inventories? And then finally on containerboard, are you - do you said you're going faster than the market or are you still walking away from some suboptimal business?
Tim Nicholls: So our inventories were pretty low at the moment and I think we referenced that in some of the prepared remarks just in terms of how we manage the channels during the quarter. Where we had to, we pulled back in some areas around to export, because we had such strong demand in North America. And now, we've given the flexibility of the system and the ability to recover, we're on a better footing. And so, we're increasing volume to the export channels in the fourth quarter, which is good, because it's seasonally stronger anyway. On the first part of your question, just in terms of the storms, through all of our operations and everything and being able to flex back and forth and move our widgets around, we feel like we offset us the impact. So, on a net-net basis not much.
Steve Chercover: And the final question was, were you walking away for some business, it's just not lucrative enough?
Tim Nicholls: We always manage our mix. We don't talk about how we handle segments or customers. But yeah, we're always trying to improve the quality of our mix across all of our businesses.
Steve Chercover: Great. Many thanks.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Great. Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim. I wondered, could either of you just help us in kind of unbundling sort of what the activity in your box business has been by different markets this year? And in particular, I guess, how much that e-commerce business has grown for IP year-to-date?
Mark Sutton: Well, Mark we don't give absolute numbers on that. But if you remember what I said last quarter, it was a cumbersome way to say it, but I think I said orders of magnitude double-digit growth. So, we were growing in double-digit percentages with a one in front of it, for 2020. And we are significantly higher than that in growth. And that number, or that range that I talked about in the second quarter - on the second quarter call continues to be in the same range and a little bit stronger. So, this is significant uptick from let's say '19 and '18 and '17, where we were at double-digit levels and it's just several times that.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then just on supply in both the container board and boxes. Can you talk about how you're managing, particularly that Newport Indiana mill, because I think I had heard that you might be shifting that out of containerboard and back to gypsum basic diaper? And then also just where you're at on the box capacity, because I'm getting some reports from people who say, IP is so full right now, but they're farming out business independent converters.
Mark Sutton: I'm going to ask Tim to cover some of that detail. Yeah, it's a pretty dynamic environment. Your memory is pretty good on Newport. So Tim, why don't you take us through that?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Thanks Mark. Mark, Newport was the facility that produced not only white-top liner - recycled white-top liner, but also just some facing board. So if you remember, when we decided to make the investment in Riverdale, not only did we get a better sheet, divergent sheet, better brightness, color and smoothness, but it frees up the Newport facility. Overtime, we've dedicated to the gypsum product fully. And we like that market, and we really appreciate the customers we have in it and we think its good business for us.
Mark Sutton: On your question about the box business, we - as you know, Mark, we provide containerboard primarily to our own box system, but also to the open market where we have long-term partners, whether they're making sheets and then feeding the sheet plant network. And so, if that's what your farming outcome it makes, that's not new for us. We have partners in every type of channel that ultimately gets to a box. And I would say all of those channels are very busy and very strong right now for us. So, that may be what you're picking up I'm not sure.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And last one for me, Mark. Just to help us with modeling as we think about this price increase. Is it reasonable to assume that all your corrugated volume has some lengths to the pulp and paper weak indexes? And if not, what percent of the business might be on other mechanisms?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. There's a big part of the market that is linked to our references, it's not direct, but references movement in the published price lists or index. But we don't talk publicly about what those percentages are. We have a variety of customers where prices, its set on a time increment basis and contracts are written around those types of price mechanism. So, not 100% varies by customer and sometimes by segment as well.
Steve Chercover: Okay, that's helpful. Tim, I'll turn it over.
Tim Nicholls: Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our last question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. I'll try to keep this quick. You mentioned the higher wood and energy costs in the pulp segment. Was the wood cost mostly weather related or was there something else there?
Tim Nicholls: No, I think it was mostly weather, Mark.
Mark Connelly: Okay. Okay. And then just very last question. I'm just trying to do a little bit of math. In North America, did your containerboard system run full if you exclude the impacts you had with Hurricane maintenance?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I mean like I said, inventories are on the low side right now. And we're working hard to cover customer commitments, we even pulled back and redirected from the export channel, where we could. So yeah, we're running as hard as we can right now.
Mark Connelly: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Tim Nicholls: Thanks Mark.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Chairman and CEO, Mark Sutton for closing remarks.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. What I'd like to do just to wrap up is first, thank everyone for joining the call today. I really want to thank our employees, as I mentioned earlier especially our frontline employees who are showing up every day, taking care of themselves, each other and our customers. I'm pleased with our performance in the third quarter. And I'm really excited about our strong outlook and the momentum that we're building as we finish up 2020 when we start to look into 2021. So again, thank you for your interest in International Paper and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's International Paper's third quarter 2020 earnings day call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the International Paper Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir. 
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2020 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of the presentation on slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including the impact of COVID-19. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2020 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide two also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning everyone. We will begin our discussion on slide 3. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to be unlike anything we've experienced and requires us to focus on what we need to do to remain strong and resilient for all our stakeholders in the short term as well as the long term. And as you can see from our results that's exactly what we're doing. We delivered solid earnings and strong free cash flow in the second quarter, again demonstrating the strength of International Paper. Through the first half of the year, we generated $1 billion of free cash flow through strong commercial and operational performance, as well as outstanding cost management across all of our businesses. As you would expect, demand and recovery trends vary greatly by business and end-use consumer segment. Overall, demand for corrugated packaging in fluff pulp continues to be resilient and is outpacing what you would expect in the general economic backdrop. Our North America box shipments were flat in the second quarter compared to last year and we saw continued strong demand for fluff pulp. However, we've seen a substantial decline in demand for Printing Papers across all geographic regions due to work from home and school disruptions. Against this backdrop, our commercial teams are doing a tremendous job with our customers to ensure that we meet their changing needs. And our manufacturing and supply chain teams continue to leverage the scale and flexibility of our system to deliver strong operational performance and optimize costs across our businesses. All of this contributed to the company's solid performance in the second quarter. I'll turn to slide 4 now, which shows some of the specifics of our second quarter results. Operating earnings were $0.77 per share and this included a favorable Ilim FX non-cash impact of $0.09 in the quarter. Overall, our teams did a tremendous job managing through the current environment. Looking at sales, the majority of the sequential decrease is attributed to the decline in demand for Printing Papers. And as I said earlier, we generated strong free cash flow in the second quarter, bringing free cash flow to $1 billion for the first half of the year. We continue to apply cash consistent with our capital allocation framework, to maintain a strong balance sheet, return cash to shareowners and invest to create value. We will remain focused on cash generation and continue to be thoughtful in how we use cash as we manage through the ongoing uncertainty. Turning to slide 5. As I said last quarter, International Paper entered the COVID-19 pandemic in a position of strength and it all starts with our employees. I'm really proud of their ongoing commitment to take care of first each other and our customers. I want to take this opportunity once again to thank them and especially our frontline teams for their ability to not only adapt to the challenging environment to perform -- but to perform at a really high level even with reconfigured work systems that align with the highest COVID-19 health practices. I'm also proud of the work we're doing to support the critical needs in our communities including our donation of corrugated boxes to agencies -- agencies that deliver essential food and supplies. As we look ahead, we're starting to see some recovery in our markets as economies around the world begin to reopen. Having said that, uncertainty regarding the duration and magnitude of the economic impact of COVID-19 persists. We'll continue to navigate these uncertain times by staying focused on the health and well-being of our employees, taking care of our customers and ensuring that the company has a strong financial foundation through each phase of the crisis. Now, I'll turn it over to Tim, who will cover our business performance, as well as our third quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank You, Mark. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on slide 6, operating earnings improved by $0.20 to $0.77 per share as we executed well on the things that we control. Price and mix was favorable, mostly due to improved pricing in export containerboard and fluff pulp from trough levels. Volume was unfavorable with demand trends varying greatly by business and region. Demand for corrugated packaging and fluff pulp was resilient even as we stepped down from initial surge demand in the later flatter part of the first quarter. In Printing Papers, we experienced a substantial drop in demand across all geographic regions due to COVID-19 containment measures. Operations and costs were impacted by unabsorbed fixed costs, largely in our papers business as we matched our production to our customers' demand. Given the environment in which we are operating, the business did an excellent job managing costs and delivering strong operational performance at our mills and converting facilities. By executing well in the areas we control, we partly offset the impact of significant economic downtime in our Paper's business. Maintenance outage costs were favorable as planned. I'd note that the second quarter is our lowest maintenance outage quarter this year. Input costs were unfavorable with higher-recovered fiber costs, partly offset by lower wood and energy costs. Corporate expenses were favorable, and the effective tax rate was lower sequentially as expected. And lastly, equity earnings were favorable quarter-over-quarter, even after excluding the noncash currency translation gain at Ilim. Turning to the segments, and I'll start with Industrial Packaging on slide 7. Our business performed well in the second quarter. Across the segment, price and mix was favorable, mostly due to higher export containerboard prices and improved geographic mix in our North American business as well as higher prices in our European business. This was partly offset by the impact of prior index movement in North America. Volume decreased sequentially as demand slowed from elevated levels in the first quarter and one less shipping day in North America. Corrugated packaging demand in North America remains resilient and is outpacing the economic backdrop, whereas demand in Europe is seeing a decline from COVID-19 measures. Export containerboard demand remained strong across all regions in the second quarter, and customer inventory levels are normal as we enter the seasonally slower third quarter. Performance in our mills and converting facilities was strong, and we manage direct and indirect costs very well. We also benefited from about $10 million in onetime items as well as lower start-up costs in Riverdale as we shifted the start-up to the third quarter. Maintenance outage costs improved sequentially as planned. You may recall that we adjusted the scope and timing of our maintenance outages to further optimize our system and conserve cash as part of our COVID-19 plan. Input costs were unfavorable with significantly higher average recovered fiber cost in the second quarter, which was partly offset by lower wood, energy and distribution costs. Finally, just a quick update on our North American containerboard mill system, the Bogalusa and Row mill started back up in the second quarter as planned. We did have an insurance recovery of $30 million in the quarter, but we also have higher costs related to the downtime. And so it was about a wash in the quarter between insurance and incremental cost. And finally, the Riverdale 15 conversion is now completed and start-up is planned later this quarter. Turning to slide 8, let's take a closer look at North American corrugated packaging segments and the near-term trends as we exit July. We're seeing resilient demand for corrugated packaging as cities and states slowly reopen. We're also seeing a modest improvement in segments with greater exposure to food service. The near-term outlook is our best view of current demand across our segments. Keep in mind, the environment remains fluid. Within the segments, demand for processed foods is normalizing as consumers return to more frequent shopping activity. Consumer demand for beef, pork and poultry is strong and processing plants are returning to normal capacity. We have an overweight position in protein where we've invested to establish advantaged capabilities. We're seeing a modest improvement in fresh produce and beverage as restaurants and food service activity slowly reopened. We continue to see very strong double-digit growth in e-commerce, with increased consumer reliance on e-commerce as suspending channel. We have a deliberate overweight strategy in e-commerce with advantaged capabilities and geographic reach. And in durable goods, we're seeing a modest improvement, although from very low levels. The challenges surrounding COVID-19 reinforced the critical role of corrugated packaging to bring essential products to consumers. Our team remains focused on understanding and meeting our customers' challenges and needs as they adapt to their supply chains in response to the massive disruptions due to the pandemic. On slide 9, as we navigate COVID-19, we continue to position the company for success in the near-term and the long term. That means investing strategically to enhance our capabilities and further strengthen our Industrial Packaging business. We're doing that through Greenfield box plants such as our recent Mexico box plant investment, by investing in capabilities and converting capacity in our North American box system to support growing segments and regions and through creative equity partnerships that expand our containerboard channels. All of which is aimed at growing our North American channels profitably.  Let me share a couple of recent examples. In the second quarter, we increased our ownership interest in a sheet feeder with a strong box plant network in North America. This investment allows us to expand sales through the channel by 140,000 tons annually by providing a broad range of containerboard solutions.  We also made a decision to increase capital investments in our North American box system by about $60 million this year to enhance capabilities and converting capacity to support growing customer segments and geographies. It is our view that value creation starts with understanding the needs of our customers through their value chain to the end consumer. With that in mind, our investments have clear commercial objectives and attractive returns.  Turning to slide 10. I want to provide an update on the progress we're making in our EMEA packaging business. Our objective is to bring this business back to sustainable mid-teen margins and generate returns above our cost of capital.  As you can see through the first half of this year, we've improved adjusted EBITDA by nearly $45 million compared with last year. The Madrid mill is an important catalyst. We're building advantage by integrating world-class lightweight recycled containerboard with our box network in Southern Europe to provide customers with a broader array of packaging solutions.  Our recent converting acquisitions in Europe are performing well and delivering returns ahead of our investment outlook. They also provide additional integration opportunities with the Madrid mill. And more importantly, they've enhanced our commercial capabilities and geographic reach in the region.  We're also making meaningful progress in our box system performance with more opportunity ahead. All of our plants have clear commercial and operational plans and we're leveraging the skills and resources from across the company to deliver on our commitments. The near-term path may be more challenging due to COVID-19, but our objectives and commitment are clear.  Turning to Global Cellulose fibers on slide 11. Price and mix was favorable and improved pricing across all regions. Volume was stable with mix of about 75% fluff pulp. Operations and costs were unfavorable overall. Strong operational performance and cost management was offset by non-repeat of favorable onetime items in the first quarter. Maintenance outage costs improved as planned. Through the first half of the year, we completed about 25% of our planned maintenance spending in the business.  Taking a closer look at demand. The demand impact of COVID-19 in the first half of the year we experienced some pull forward and demand for fluff pulp as customers managed supply chain risk to support strong consumer demand. In market pulp the initial surge in consumer demand for tissue and toggle normalized and some destocking was evident in the latter part of the second quarter. Overall, the underlying consumer demand for absorbent hygiene products as well as towel and tissue remains resilient as we work through the puts and takes of the pulp supply chain needs of our customers.  Turning to Printing Papers on slide 12. We experienced a short decline in demand across all of our regions. Across the segment price and mix was stable while the volume decrease impacted both the cut size and commercial printing channels. Operations and costs was impacted by unabsorbed fixed costs as we matched our production to our customers' demand across all geographic regions. Operational performance and cost management was strong and maintenance outages were well executed.  Despite a challenging earnings quarter, the business continued to generate positive cash flows by focusing on cost management and working capital. We exited the quarter with inventories at our target range based on the current demand environment.  Looking ahead, our team will continue to focus on what we can control with three guiding principles: one matching our production to our customers' demand; two, meeting our customers' changing needs; and three, focusing on cash and working capital.  In recent weeks we've seen an uptick in order entry for North America as the economy reopens. However, significant uncertainty remains as work from all measures persist and school reopening's remain unclear. There are also some early signs of improvement in print advertising but clearly from very depressed levels. And although it's too soon to know the longer-term impact, our review is that the recovery in papers could be drawn out.  Looking at Ilim results on slide 13. We had equity earnings of $63 million in the quarter. This includes a non-cash foreign exchange gain on Ilim's U.S. dollar-denominated net debt of which IP's after-tax portion was $34 million or $0.09 per share. Volume was higher mostly due to improved softwood pulp demand in China and other export markets in the second quarter. Average sales price also improved slightly for softwood pulp in China. Wood costs were seasonally higher and maintenance outage costs were also higher sequentially.  So now I'll turn to the outlook on Slide 14. We continue to operate in a challenging and uncertain environment as economies around the world reopen and consumers adjust their purchasing and consumption behaviors. As we move into the third quarter, we see resilient demand for packaging, which should benefit from food service reopening's, although still at a modest pace. Underlying consumer demand for absorbent hygiene products remains solid but we do expect some inventory destocking for fluff pulp, as supply chains normalize. In Printing Papers, we've seen early signs of improvement from severely depressed levels. From an operations standpoint, we plan a sizable step-up in maintenance outages across the businesses as well as higher Riverdale start-up costs in the third quarter. So taking a closer look at Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to be down $25 million on the flow-through of prior index movements in North America, lower price and mix in European packaging, as well as the impact of seasonal box mix in North America. Volume is expected to be stable. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $50 million, due to higher costs related to the Riverdale start-up, higher seasonal costs in our North American box business and the non-repeat of one-time items in the second quarter. Staying with Industrial Packaging. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $44 million and input costs are expected to improve by $25 million on lower recovered fiber cost. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to increase by $10 million on the impact of prior index movement. Volume is expected to decrease by $5 million due to lower seasonal demand and inventory destocking. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $15 million, partly due to higher expected unabsorbed fixed costs. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $46 million and input costs are expected to increase by $10 million due to higher energy and chemical costs. Moving to Printing Papers. We expect price and mix to be down $10 million, mostly due to export channels. Volume is expected to improve $30 million on initial demand recovery. Operations and costs are expected to improve earnings also by $30 million on improved fixed cost absorption. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $14 million and input costs should be stable. As noted in the segment details I just shared, maintenance outages across the company are expected to lower earnings by about $100 million in the third quarter. Details by business and quarter are included in the appendix. And lastly, under equity earnings, you will see our outlook for the Ilim joint venture. Turning to Slide 15, I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation choices in the quarter. I'll start with the balance sheet. Debt repayment is a priority. During the second quarter, we reduced long-term debt by $200 million. We also called another $210 million of long-term debt as we expect to settle later this quarter, which will essentially eliminate all bond maturities through the end of 2021. I'd also note that we recently met with the rating agencies. And earlier this month, Moody's reaffirmed our investment-grade credit rating. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. Our Board of Directors authorized the third quarter dividend earlier this month. With the decision, we have returned about $600 million to shareholders through the third quarter. Looking at investments. We're increasing CapEx in 2020 by $200 million, bringing our full-year target to $800 million. This increase is mostly due to funding strategic projects with returns of more than 20% of our U.S. box business, as well as maintenance capital related to the incidents at Bogalusa and Rome earlier this year. As I said last quarter, we're taking a deliberate approach to capital funding decisions to ensure that we are well positioned for the eventual economic recovery. And while we're still early in the stages of 2021 capital planning, at this point you can expect next year's CapEx to be no higher than $800 million. Turning to Slide 16. We have strong liquidity in place with $3.6 billion of cash and standby liquidity at the end of the second quarter, as compared with $3.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. All of our facilities are committed and unused. We like the financial flexibility this provides given the severity of the economic crisis and the uncertainty of the pace of reopening and recovery. And with that I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. I'm on Slide 12 now.
Tim Nicholls: 17.
Mark Sutton: 17, excuse me, 17. We began today's conversation talking about our strong first half performance. Our teams are doing a great job taking care of our customers and each other. We're executing well and staying focused on what we can control. You may have heard me say in the past that the company we built can thrive in just about any set of challenges and circumstances that we face. I think our first half performance reinforces my confidence that International Paper is a really strong company. We have great employees, the right channels to market to help our customers provide products that people depend on every day. The advantages we've established are serving us well in the near term, while we continue to strengthen the company for the long term. And with that, we're ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Mark Sutton: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie Jones: Good morning. I was hoping we could just start by talking about demand in the corrugated business and kind of re-highlighting how trends have been through July? And then very specifically, how much commerce has become kind of a part of the business as a result of that and how that's kind of changed things for you?
Mark Sutton: So I think I'll just take a shot at a couple of the most notable trends for us. The largest segment for corrugated packaging is processed food. As you know from past, the information we put out we are a bit overweight in that. And the demand trends have stabilized in that large segment and we're still seeing continued flow through the retail grocery channel and part of that has actually helped certain subsegments. One of the deal real positives that got into a little bit of trouble at the beginning was protein, mainly because of some production issues. A lot of that's being solved now. And we're seeing strong growth in our protein customers. And again, we've invested over the last several years in that particular segment to be able to perform even in periods where demand is picking up. On e-commerce, we still see I think I said last quarter order of magnitude above the normal growth double order of magnitude double-digit growth. We're still seeing that very, very solid -- it's a segment International Paper again has invested in and focused on. We're very good at it and our customers depend on us for a large portion of their fiber-based packaging needs and we're still continuing to see that. So largely, we're optimistic. There's still some uncertainty on the food service supply chain. I think we mentioned last quarter, produce -- a lot of produce does go to restaurants and cafeterias and some of that is starting to come back, but not in all cases. So we're still watching produce fresh food very closely. That's again an important segment for International Paper. But by and large, we think we'll see continued -- it's slow and steady, but continued improvement in the main segments for corrugated packaging as we go forward and we're seeing that in July.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then I wanted to touch on paper demand as well. I realized that this past month the industry backed up was quite weak, but you are seeing a pickup or kind of predicting a volume improvement here sequentially in the order of $30 million. So I just wanted to better understand what's driving that? What you're seeing there? What do we need to look at going forward here to understand that trajectory as it relates to schools reopening people going back to work et cetera? 
Mark Sutton: I think Debbie you hit on an important one. The amount of people that feel comfortable returning to their normal workplace mainly offices and schools. And I think a lot of that depends on where we are with the pandemic, where we are with therapeutics and treatments. But we do see some pickup and it's partly because of those two areas. We'll have to watch it very, very closely to see that schools for example in places that have said they're going to open at least for options of in-person actually occur. Even if they don't, when school starts there'll be some improvement in demand as people now figured out how to do hybrid learning. Offices another question mark. People are bringing some of their employees back in a very careful way and we're seeing a correlation to Printing Paper demand with that. 
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal. 
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark, good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered if we could get your -- just your thoughts globally on repurposing printing and writing paper assets into other markets, whether it's pulp or whether it's packaging. And maybe your thoughts for kind of the industry at large, but then in particular for IP for operations like [Indiscernible] over in Europe and also your big white paper businesses in Brazil and North America?
Mark Sutton: So it's a good question Mark. It's a bit of a large question when you talk about the potential for repurposing. I mean technically, you can repurpose as you know depending on the configuration in the wood basket, it can be a really good idea and a smart use of capital or it can be a really bad idea and a lot of money. And so I'm not going to speak about all the possibilities in the world. But for IP where we are with our printing and writing business we've got world-class low-cost fiber in Brazil with that system i.e. eucalyptus fiber very well set up to serve the world for that type of product. The U.S. we've had an active process of slowly repositioning our southern locations that have softwood fiber availability either for fluff pulp or containerboard. That's worked well for us. And in Europe it's a specialty niche printing papers business if you will including what we do at -- it's mostly folding boxboard and things that aren't printing paper. So, for IP, we don't like the demand decline. We're not sure how much of it is going to be permitted if any. As Tim said, we expect the recovery to be drawn out, but we do like the way we're positioned to manage through this. And we have continued options for our particular assets in our particular customer base. 
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then the follow-on question I had is can you talk about sort of what the keys are going to be for improving performance in cellulose fibers? It seems to me it's been fairly disappointing since that Weyerhaeuser acquisition three and a half years ago. I know that a part of this is we've had quite weak years for just global pulp pricing. But beyond that what are the issues? 
Mark Sutton: Yes. It's -- we had a really good first 18 months to 24 months post-acquisition in combination of the business. If you remember the results in the latter half of 2018, we were approaching the margin structure we needed to be at cost of capital. Pricing has been a challenge flow through on both ends of our focus area which is absorbent products meaning some products that are on the higher end of that drifting into fluff pulp and absorbent needs because of problems in their end segment and then the disruption in connection to general softwood market pulp. For us, the formula for success is we need to be at about 85% absorbent in specialty. We're 10% off of that right now. We need to continue to put investments in place which we've paused to lower our cost structure, especially on the legacy system that IP had before we acquired Weyerhaeuser. And then we need to have the value propositions product, innovation, and commercial strategies to get a better overall pricing -- better overall margin from pricing and those are the things we're working on. There is a lot of noise and disruption in the global pulp ecosystem right now that's probably added a good year and a half to our progress plans. Fluff pulps still growing. The product is an important product the end uses. It's a product people buy into when they have a certain income level and we still believe in that growth level.
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning Mark, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Good morning Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: I was kind of focusing a little bit on the CapEx projects that you guys talked about I guess more on the strategic side $60 million. I know it's not necessarily large in the grand scheme of IP. But I'm curious if this is for specific kind of end markets within e-commerce even more particular thinking about online grocery delivery and something that's really been at least according to what I read accelerated given COVID.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Hey Gabe, it's Tim. It's some of that. It depends by geography across North America. So, what we're trying to do obviously e-commerce is growing at a rapid pace. Protein seems to be coming back and we believe in that segment long term. So, what we're doing is looking facility-by-facility and area-by-area of the United States for where we want to supplement and prepare for customer growth that we expect to achieve over the next increment of time. So, it's mostly strategic. It's around converting equipment. There's some corrugator upgrades. But it's preparing for supporting these very important segments that we have and customers that we have. 
Mark Sutton: Then just to add to Tim's comments. Some of what we're doing because of the growth in some of the segments e-commerce is a great example. It puts pressure on existing plants. So, some of this investment is really targeted at debottlenecking the bottlenecks that have been created because of the good growth we've seen. And that's all solvable with just a little bit of reconfiguration. And in some cases investment to add a particular type of capability or process line at a plant that doesn't have it today.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then I guess bigger picture question appreciating it's probably difficult to answer. But you mentioned kind of a drawn out recovery in printing paper at the same time again kind of what we seeing here in the outside world you see announcements from Google delaying or embracing I guess work from home until mid-2021. It seems like some other organizations are looking to do the same such that there would be some sort of structural decline in printing paper similar to what we saw in the 2008-2009 crisis. Can you speak to any of that? And kind of how you're thinking about your system and how you might respond? 
Mark Sutton: So, we are thinking about it. We have a pretty robust demand model. It's hard to figure out what inputs to put in it right now because of the sheer speed at which this pandemic has changed everybody's work life. But all those factors around how fast people return and what they do after their return will factor into it. Again, as I mentioned, in answering Mark's question. I think our system is of the size and of a capability and of a physical location that it gives us some options. We just took out a big part of our system, to make the white top containerboard, at Riverdale. We didn't know this was coming at the same time, but it actually has helped soften the blow for us is paper now becomes in the mid-teens, as a percentage of IP's total company. But look, it's hard to tell on a permanent basis. But if we just use what we learned in the past and what you mentioned about the Great Recession, it's likely there's some type of step down. And then, a new level starts back with the secular decline. But it's just very difficult to predict that -- what that will be if it will actually happen. And -- but we do share the view that you just expressed. That's been what's happened in the past.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Thanks what you are doing with COVID as well.
Mark Sutton: Thanks.
George Staphos: I want go to a question on industrial. And we've chatted about it I guess in the past, but we're now a quarter or two since COVID began. The company has done a very good job, frankly as other containerboard companies have done in making what would normally have been fixed costs, somewhat variable and leveraging the system. And as a result, blunting the impact of weaker demand and pricing even since last year is there a natural limit coming at some point where your ability to flex the system either because of what's happening with your mix, what's happening with demand, I'm not sure that where you wouldn't be able to get the same level of buffer that you've seen, in the business? Or do you think you have kind of a blue sky here, you can continue managing the variable cost or the fixed cost to be variable, for the foreseeable future?
Mark Sutton: So that's a hard question to answer in the way that you asked it. What we do conceptually as we look at all of our costs as potentially variable, all of our material costs all of our operating costs. What we don't look at as variable is, our people because our people are highly skilled and they make this happen. And we're fortunate that that's not the largest percentage of cost in the materials industry as you know. The inputs are the largest. And so we've designed supply chain and flexibility, and all the investments, we've done since the beginning of the 2000s to make our facilities be able to make the same products to be able to run profitably without running wide all of that comes into this. So think about what we did last year with the high levels of lack of order downtime in containerboard and we variabilize costs. This year we're doing that without high levels. We actually have pretty strong demand in the first half of the year. So I think there's a limit to everything, but there is not, there's not a view by IP that we have to only be successful when we have absolute wide open absolute perfect economy. We've got a lot of levers. And again, I give our employees a lot of credit. They've come up with some different ways to variabilize some of what looks like fixed cost in a normal materials business. And I see our ability to do that is continuing.
George Staphos: Mark Thanks. That's helpful. So within reason obviously in terms of whatever the demand picture might look like or pricing for that matter you have the ability to manage the system it sounds like. I wanted to come back to a question that Mark had teed up on pulp. Again looking back over time, 2016 was a very tough period for pulp. It was a year where the company didn't do as well. 2017 and 2018 were strong years for the business, but that was also a strong period for the global pulp cycle, irrespective of fluff versus commodity markets. And once again now, we're kind of at a low point, hopefully at a bottom when you look at pulp pricing and the company's had. Its earnings challenges. You mentioned that the formal success will be getting the mix to about 85% absorbent investments and further cost reductions, and furthering your value proposition to your customers so as to get better pricing and commercial benefits. If you added all that up together, what do you think would be the increment to your earnings power from current levels? What could that add to your business? And would you be mid-cycle if you did that at a mid-cycle level in terms of the market burning above cost of capital? Thank you, guys.
Mark Sutton: Thanks. And I think that level of success the structure we've talked about is we need margins in that 20% range or high teens, we need a lower cost structure. And then, what I meant by commercial and value proposition is, like any business if you look at our profitability by product, segment and customer, it's obviously not a straight line across. We have some really high-value specialty products inside of fluff that we just need to grow and develop more of. And that was the vision when we put IP and Weyerhaeuser together. It was taken off track a little bit by the global pulp environment, a little bit by our own doing a couple of years ago. But I believe, we can get back to that level of track. I'm not going to give you an earnings projection, but we did give one back a few quarters ago, eight quarters ago that, at this number the company – or this business would be at cost of capital. That's probably still a number that's in the right range.
George Staphos: All right. Thank you, Mark. I will turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Regarding the investments that you're making in the North American converting system, did those move the needle in terms of your forward integration rate which I think is 85%, if I have that right? And is raising the integration rate is it important to IP? Or is it not necessarily something that's sort of a goal in and of itself?
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Anthony, it's Tim. It's – so the goal that we have is the more that we can put through our North American integrated channel the better we like it. We know that our margins that's our most profitable channel to market. So, we're always looking for innovative and creative ways to do that. This is simply funding capability and capacity where we have had long-term strategy around certain segments. We've built up our capabilities to supply customers' needs in those segments, and we're trying to keep pace with the growth that we expect from those customers in those segments. So, we don't have a hard fixed target on integration per se, but we are constantly looking to intelligently put more volume through our North American channel because that's where we make the most money.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then in pulp you talked a little bit about stockpiling turning to destocking over the course of the quarter. And I'm wondering, on the Industrial Packaging side, when you look at customer inventories or maybe even consumer inventories of finished products, is there any stockpiling that could turn into kind of a destocking headwind? Or do you feel like inventories are sort of pretty normal out there?
Tim Nicholls: No. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we think it for containerboard – in the U.S. for containerboard we were – we're squeezed. We're tied based on the recovery that we saw. So, if anything the issue there is making sure that we've got the right grades and basis weights in the right places across our system. On the export side, we think customer inventories for roll stock are in very normal ranges for the time of year and the season. And so we're in between seasons right now. We think inventory levels are in good shape. And with the season – the agricultural season picks back up around the world in late August, September, October, we think inventory should be in good shape.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning, guys. Just wanted to follow-up on one or two questions that were already asked. Just e-commerce obviously is a growing part of the company it has been for a while. I think in the past you talked about it might be 10% of your mix or box shipments. Just wondering, if you could kind of – do you guys have an estimate of where that figure might stand now given that we've seen quite a bit of growth there and some declines in other parts of the company? And, do you see any potential challenges to that continuing to be a bigger part of the mix going forward?
Tim Nicholls: No, challenges. I mean, we like our position, and we think we've got a great customer set across e-commerce that have different needs and we cater to them with different capabilities and different service platforms. In past times, when things were more normal it was growing and it was probably just under 10%. I would say today, with the dynamic that you mentioned it's probably one point or two above 10%, and growing rapidly. So yeah, I mean, it's not a dramatic move in a normalized type of setting, but we have seen it become a bigger part of the mix. But we like the segment, and we like the customers that we have and expect to continue growing at a high rate with all of those customers.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then just one on the sort of the equity investments maybe kind of a multi-part question. But just to clarify will the sheet feeder now be consolidated on the financials? And then, do you see more equity investment potential partnerships in the U.S. to sort of tie up with some of the independents that remain out there? And then just sort of finally related to that any thoughts on your partnership with Graphic Packaging and the potential to monetize that in the near term?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I'll start with Graphic and work backwards if I can. On Graphic, we said earlier this year that we like the partnership. We think they run a great business. We decided it wasn't strategic to International Paper. And so we started with the first tranche of selling our position and we have said repeatedly that that clearly puts us on a monetization path. So, we're now in the window again. We continue to try to be thoughtful about that and make sure that, we're not traders and we're not here to hold it indefinitely. We just want to make sure that we're maximizing value within a range. So, clearly on a monetization path over the next few quarters. And I think you understand that there are specific requirements for our agreement in terms of how that monetization takes place. And so it's basically a max of $250 million every six months, and since we did in January we're now back in the next window available to us. In terms of the -- what was the other part of your question? I'm sorry. The…
Brian Maguire: Sorry. Yes. There were a couple in there. So just one to clarify on the sheet feeder investment will you start to consolidate those earnings now? And then just any other equity investment potentials?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. No, it won't be consolidated, because we have a minority position, but we're excited about the opportunity and the relationship that we'll have with the other equity holders. And we're creative and we look for opportunities to do things from a service and capability level that others maybe can or won't do. And so I'm not going to speak specifics, but we want to be thoughtful and creative about how we participate in all of the segments of the North American market.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I’ll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover of D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So, yes, my first question was also on the Graphic stake and how you'll be thoughtful. So when you're considering whether to sell, is it not only your own cash needs, but also the implications for Graphic's financial ratios and therefore the iterative process on valuation?
Tim Nicholls: Well, we make decisions based on International Paper's investors and stakeholders. And so I think from our cash position and liquidity position that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we feel really good about cash flow and cash available to us through the committed facilities that we have. So it's really down to capital allocation and looking at different choices that we have before we can apply cash and then trying to be thoughtful about making the right decisions across our entire capital allocation framework.
Steve Chercover: Okay. Thanks. And then my second question, I'm going to say the word that you would never really heard, which is Asbestos. I think it's is the first time that I recall you taking a reserve. Can you give us a little more color? I mean, this isn't the first hopefully phase of a bigger situation. I'm sure you've got Asbestos being 100-year-old company?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. No, it's mostly related to acquisition around Champion Products. And we think we're -- we've dealt with it. It's just a matter of being conservative and we took the approach that we're going to be extremely conservative in establishing this reserve. And so we took the charge in the second quarter. That reflects a very long like a 40-year period of time that we think there could be excluded.
Steve Chercover: Okay. And my final is more of a comment than a question. I really love winning streak, so I hope you've got financial ability to keep your dividend street alive. Good luck.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim, good morning. Hope you and your families are well.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Adam.
Adam Josephson: Two demand questions. Tim, I think Debbie asked about July, I don't think if you gave it. Would you mind giving us a number for what you were up in July? And if whatever that number is for July is roughly your expectation for the balance of the quarter?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean it's very similar to what we experienced in June. And as you can imagine June was a strong month relative to where we were earlier in the second quarter. So I don't have a number off the top of my head, but July is like a carbon copy of June's results. So we feel very good about how the quarter is starting. The color that we provided in prepared remarks segments that have performed well are continuing to perform well, and we're seeing normalization across other segments as economies reopen, so.
Adam Josephson: Got it got it. Thanks. And Mark you talked earlier about corrugated packaging outpacing the economic backdrop in the U.S., but not so in Europe it sounded like. If I heard you right, what do you attribute the differences between the two regions to particularly given that Europe has handled COVID, obviously, much more effectively than we have judging by the difference in case numbers?
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think the outpacing comment is given the GDP and all the other traditional indicators, our particular product is performing a lot better in a difficult economic backdrop mainly because of what the product does. I think the comparison in Europe and the U.S. is probably because of Europe's approach on the pandemic and how they've gone about managing the economy country-by-country. And you compare that to the U.S. where we've done some things maybe a little quicker. It may or may not play out to be the correct thing to do for all indicators, but I think our economy is opening a little bit faster and I think the supply chain in the U.S. is a little bit more robust than what we see in the European market. 
Adam Josephson:   Tim, if I may just ask one more on ops and cost. I think there were about $150 million more favorable in the quarter than you were expecting. A lot of that was in Industrial. Can you just talk about a little more specifically what in the ops and cost bucket was much better than you were expecting? I assume demand was a little better so you had better -- less unabsorbed overhead. But can you just go into a little more detail of what was so much more favorable related to ops and costs? Thank you.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Sure. It's a lot of things and it's across the board. All of our business is performing well. So reliability has been very good given this environment. We haven't had the major operational disruptions that you can have sometimes. Mills are very large complex operations with a lot of moving parts. But our reliability has been good. The way we've managed the system where economic downtime has been taken, we've managed it very well going back to the comments mark made about variabilizing cost. Supply chain has performed well. And maintenance outages, while they were fewer the ones that we've had we've executed very well against them. So it's really across the board that we've seen good performance. 
Adam Josephson: Thanks Tim. Best of luck.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. On Page 25 you lay out the downtime in the different businesses. I'm just curious how would Bogalusa and Rome where production wasn't in the second quarter, I assume there was some outage related to what's happening there how would that get treated? And I asked the question in the context of as you now have Riverdale ramping up I'm trying to understand sort of where the starting point is and what type of demand growth you would need to be seeing to have that additional production capability absorbed in your system presumably the sheet feeder would be -- well not specific for Riverdale of course for your entire system would be one way that you'd be absorbing more? But maybe if you just talk us through a little bit on how to think about all of this? 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. So in Riverdale it's a very unique product. So we're making a high-quality, white top linerboard sheet and we have a customer base with products that consume white top. And so, we'll manage it the same way we manage the rest of the system in terms of the customer demand that we have for those products. It also allows for other facilities and this was part of the investment rationale to focus on grades that they make. So whether it's facing paper or board for gypsum or recycled liners we have now incremental capacity where it's been freed up in certain facilities and move to Riverdale that gets flexed the same way all of our other capacity gets flexed. If we don't need to produce it because there's not a customer demand, we don't produce it.  In terms of Rome and Bogalusa those were really maintenance events. Those were unplanned downtime due to specific events. So it's a little bit in an environment like this, it's still a little bit squishy, but we try to capture that as part of the earnings.
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think the main point on Riverdale is what Tim was talking about, and that is, it's not the same product that we make in the other mills. And to the earlier questions around variabilizing cost, we're going to make the unbleached medium weight, light weight and heavy weight leer that we need for the order book. But this Riverdale product is going to be an upgrade for existing light top that we make at other facilities that's not near as high-quality and it's going to be a strong value proposition for winning new business. So we'll adjust our system. We're not going to make room for Riverdale. We're actually going to market the Riverdale product as an upgrade to what we do today. And as a value proposition for e-business, and we'll adjust the non-high-performance white top part of our system as needed.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And so is it fair to think about -- when we think about the earnings base here for the North American Industrial business, can we essentially look at Riverdale and assume some $100 million or whatever is the appropriate number of incremental EBITDA as part of that earnings base and it's not cannibalizing from any other part of the business?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. There will be an increment of additional earnings out of Riverdale in a normalized environment, of course. And that was the basis for the investment and the related benefits that we got in the other facilities.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Mark Connelly of Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Your Madrid project solved a problem that had developed with your nonintegrated box plants. And I understand they're really not nonintegrated because of all the stuff comes from the U.S. Has your European converting acquisition strategy changed because of the experience you had in Spain, or was that really just a one-off in your mind?
Mark Sutton: Hi, Mark. I think, I would say it changed a little bit. We saw the value of this regional integration better and more clear when we had the Madrid mill. So the plants we acquired, or in one case even swapped, one that was in Northern France for one that was in Spain, it's a very good business model for us. Given the fact that the European market is kind of regionally segmented, we think a good dense, high-quality mill and box plant network is the best model for an IP in that market versus more homogeneous market in-country like we have in the U.S. So I think we learned something there, and it has kept us more in whatever you want to call it, more in the kind of bolt on, very focused growth mode versus other avenues we could take.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That's super helpful. And just a simple one, I assume that the $800 million of CapEx for next year doesn't contemplate any of the stuff that you were talking about in terms of future potential conversion. So if you did decide to do something like that, that would be outside the $800 million?
Tim Nicholls: That's right. Yes. That's right, Mark.
Mark Connelly: Super. Very helpful. Thank you.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Mark Sutton:
Tim Nicholls: So as we wrap up, I just want to once again thank the International Paper employees for their extraordinary commitment through this pandemic. We've got to obviously manage the ongoing uncertainty as our communities where we live and work, reopen. But as I said last quarter, and I'll say it again, with even more conviction. I'm very, very confident in our future. We have a strong financial footing, and all of our stakeholders can count on us to do the right things. We're going to be guided by our core values of safety, ethics and stewardship, and we're going to deliver for the stakeholders that are depending on us. So thanks for your time this morning and for your interest in International Paper.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the International Paper second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. And welcome to First Quarter Investor 2020 Earnings Day Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Please be advised, today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my now great pleasure to turn conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, [Monee] (Ph). Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper’s first quarter 2020 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make Forward-Looking Statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including the impact of COVID-19. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S.GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2020 earnings press release and today’s presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, Slide 2 also provide context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo. And good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3. The COVID-19 pandemic is unlike anything we have ever experienced. This pandemic brings unprecedented challenges and requires us to focus on what we as a company needs to do to remain strong and resilient for all our stakeholders in the short-term and the long-term. International Paper entered this crisis in a position of strength. No strength is more important than a talent commitment of our 50,000 employees worldwide. Our most important responsibility is the health and safety of our employees and contractors. I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees across the Company and all of the business and support groups for their commitment and ability to adapt in this challenging period. I’m especially grateful to our frontline employees in manufacturing and converting facilities around the world. They ensure our customers and continue to supply the essential products to consumers around the world. We also went through this crisis with world-class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Our scale, flexibility and geographic reach allows us to meet our customers rapidly changing needs, which is more important than ever in times like this. And we have a strong balance sheet and liquidity positions that provides us financial flexibility to navigate through this period of great uncertainty. Turning to Slide 4. International Paper is a critical part of the supply chain required to produce and deliver essential food, pharmaceutical, hygiene products and emergency supplies for consumers around the world. This privilege comes with enormous responsibility to our employees and our customers. We have taken significant steps to protect our employees and contractors. We also implemented contact treating protocols and all of our facilities. Our COVID-19 measures have proven to be effective, and we have not had any material disruptions to our operations. I’m proud of the collaboration, ingenuity and commitment of our employees to take care of our customers during this pandemic. Some of our teams have generated product and service innovations for customers, while others have found ways to simplify and streamline work. All of which is essential and navigating effectively through the enormous dislocations caused by COVID-19. A few example, our packaging business developed corrugated separators to allow citrus customers to run their packing operations with appropriate social distancing protection at the height of the harvest season. Our global cellulose fibers business is ensuring customers have real time visibility of their orders, which is especially critical when ocean supply chains have stretched out. And our papers business quickly introduced new packaging sizes that allow safe home deliveries of uncoated free sheet products. As I have said earlier, International Paper entered this crisis in a strong financial position. Due to the unprecedented uncertainty regarding the ultimate economic impact of COVID-19, we are taking prudent actions to further strengthen the Company’s liquidity and preserve cash. We are undertaking vigorous sensitivity and scenario testing to make sure we make informed principle based decisions. And we manage each phase of this crisis with a view toward both the short-term and long-term success and sustainability of the Company for all of our stakeholders. Now let’s turn to our first quarter results on Slide 5. We delivered a solid performance with EBITDA of $802 million and free cash flow of $363 million in a very rapidly changing environment as containment measures across the globe accelerated. I’m inspired by the commitment and resilience of our teams who under unprecedented circumstances delivered strong operational performance in our mills and converting plants. In our packaging business we were able to mitigate the impact of significant production loss in our Rome and Bogalusa mills. We leveraged the scale and flexibility of our system to meet strong demand for corrugated packaging and absorbent pulp and through outstanding collaboration across our commercial supply chain and manufacturing organizations, we adapted quickly to meet our customer’s rapidly changing needs, all of which contributed to solid performance in the first quarter and further strengthen our position as we navigate the uncertainty that lies ahead. I will turn it over now to Tim to cover performance across our business segments, our second quarter outlook and details on the actions we have taken to further strengthen our liquidity. Tim.
Tim Nicholls: Thanks, Mark. Good morning everyone. I’m on Slide 6, which shows our first quarter results. As Mark mentioned, EBITDA and free cash flow were solid, operating earnings were $0.57 per share, which included an unfavorable Ilim FX non-cash impact of $0.13 in the quarter. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter Earnings Bridge on Slide 7, price mix was a headwind as expected due to the prior index movements in North American packaging and global cellulose fibers. Volume was mixed, strong demand for corrugated packaging and pulp was offset by a sharp decline in demand for printing papers as stay-at-home measures accelerated. Operations and costs were favorable, our mills and converting plants performed well and we successfully managed through the incidents at Bogalusa and Rome. We also had the lower benefit cost of 40 million across the businesses that will not repeat in the second quarter. Input costs were also favorable driven by the lower energy distribution and chemical cost. Recovered fiber costs increased rapidly in the latter part of March as generation decreased, but it did not impact the first quarter materially. Corporate items and taxes were unfavorable due to one-time items. Equity earnings were essentially flat quarter-over-quarter before adjusting for $0.13 non-cash currency translation loss at Ilim. Turning to the segments and starting with industrial packaging on Slide 8. Our business performed well in the first quarter. We adjusted our system to meet our customer strong demand for packaging as COVID-19 containment measures accelerated in March. In North America we leveraged the scale and flexibility of our system to manage the impact of production losses in Bogalusa and Rome. Our converting facilities performed well in a rapidly changing environment to meet strong and often irregular customer demand. Our European packaging business delivered strong year-over-year earnings growth driven by margin recovery and the successful ramp up at the Madrid mill, which performed at a 100% despite challenging conditions. Across the segment price and mix was unfavorable due to the impact of prior index movement in North America as well as the mixed impact of higher container board exports. Volume improved sequentially driven by strong customer demand following COVID-19 stay-at-home measures. Export container board demand was strong across all regions. Operations and costs were favorable, mostly due to the non repeat of last quarter’s positive LIFO inventory adjustment. The first quarter also includes $15 million in cost related to incidents of Bogalusa and Rome as well as the expected $20 million in cost related to the Riverdale conversion. Maintenance and outage costs increased sequentially. We did, however, adjust the scope and timing of planned outages in response to unplanned production losses and broader cash conservation initiatives. Input costs were favorable across the segment driven by lower energy and chemical costs. As mentioned earlier, recovered fiber costs rose rapidly in the latter part of the quarter due to significant dislocations to traditional channels. We expect recovered fiber to be a significant cost headwind in the second quarter. I would also note that we are extending the Riverdale conversion schedule to manage contractors staffing levels to ensure appropriate social distancing practices. The expected startup moves out at quarter to the third quarter of this year. Turning to Slide 9. Let’s take a closer look at North American corrugated packaging segments and the impact we are seeing from COVID-19. Consumer behavior changed rapidly in response to containment measures. This resulted in immediate changes to packaging demands for our customers both positive and negative. I will just mentioned green obviously shows the benefits from some of the changes and red shows the unfavorable impact from some of the changes and our near-term outlook. Yellow indicates a moderating from elevated levels of demand as we are in April. We experienced strong initial demand in March and April, driven by processed food, proteins, chemicals, tissue and towel in e-commerce. Conversely, customer segments oriented toward this being non-essential as well as those with higher exposure to restaurants and food service experienced the sharp pullback in demand. The near-term outlook we provide on this slide is our best view of current demand across our segments. Keep in mind, the environment remains fluid and there is variability within the segment. Growth and processed food is stabilizing after strong initial customer demand. Consumer demand for meat and poultry remain strong. However, recent processing plant shutdowns are expected to slow demand for packaging in the near-term. Produce remains weak due to significant exposure to restaurants and food service. E-commerce is seeing unprecedented growth consumers, have greater reliance on e-commerce as a primary spending channel as a result of the containment measures. And lastly, we are seeing a sharp pullback in packaging for durable goods. Corrugated packaging plays a critical role in supply chain to brings essential products to consumers. We will continue to take care of our customers’ changing needs as communities around the world start to ease containment measures. Turning to container board exports on Slide 10, demand remains strong and customer inventory levels are normal to low. Demand in Latin America and Europe is solid driven by resilient consumer demand for bananas and citrus. Demand in the Middle East and North Africa is solid but expected to slow as the citrus season ramps down. Demand in China is strong. Industries are restarting following COVID-19 closures and customer inventories are low. And then the rest of Asia, we see strong demand in the Philippines, which is focused on banana exports. Slide 11 recaps the status of Bogalusa and Rome following the incidence in March. As I mentioned earlier, we had a $15 million impact in the first quarter. Looking ahead, we expect a $30 million impact in the second quarter after the initial insurance recovery. We continue to access the full cost impact of these incidents and are working with our providers to determine the potential insurance recovery. Global cellulose fibers on Slide 12, we experienced very good demand as our customers responded to strong consumer demand for absorbent hygiene products and tissue products as a result of COVID-19. Across the segment, pricing mix was unfavorable due to the impact of prior index movement. Absorbent pulp shipments improved 13% year-over-year, driven by improved supply demand conditions and our successful customer contracts season in late 2019. Maintenance outage cost increased sequentially, for the full-year we will reduce the scope of planned outages and defer spending to preserve cash. Operations and cost management were strong and inputs were favorable. On Slide 13, let’s take a closer look at our global cellulose fibers statements and the impact we are seeing from COVID-19. In absorbent pulp which represents about 75% of our mix, we experienced strong initial demand in March and April. All absorbent hygiene product categories were strong, although adult incontinence and sanitary wets saw particularly strong consumer demand. We expect strong demand for fluff pulp in the near-term. However, we could start to see the impact of lower consumption as the haters due to economic hardship, especially in emerging economies unfold. In market pulp which represents about 25% of our mix. We experienced strong initials demand in tissue and towel segments, and a sharp decline in printing papers. We expect recovered paper shortages to support demand for our virgin pulp in the near-term. However, we could see destocking of tissue and towel as containment measures ease. Looking at printing papers on Slide 14, the business delivered earnings of 96 million in the first quarter. Products and mix decrease due to the flow through from prior periods across the segment and weaker geographic mix in Latin America. Volume decreased sequentially. COVID-19 containment measures unprecedented demand declines in all regions which accelerated in March. Operations and cost management were solid, planned maintenance outages were executed well and at a lower cost than planned. Our North American business successfully managed the first quarter of operations without Riverdale 15 capacity, which had previously represented about 240,000 tons of printing papers per year. Input costs were favorable across the segment on lower fiber and chemical costs. On Slide 15 and we will take a closer look at printing paper segment and the impact we are seeing from COIVD-19. Across our regions we experienced an immediate and unprecedented declined in demand for a cut size as work-from-home and other containment measure is accelerated. We continue to work closely with our customers to support shifts to online and home delivery platforms by adapting packaging designs to meet customer’s needs. We also experienced unprecedented decline in commercial printing segments due to the significant pullback in print advertising. The near-term outlook we provide on the slide is our best view of current demand across regions. We remain focused on optimizing cash and working capital and we will match or production to our customer’s demand as we manage through a very challenging environment. Looking at the Ilim results on Slide 16, we had an equity loss of 35 million in the quarter, which includes a non-cash foreign exchange loss on Ilim’s U.S dollars denominated net debt of which IPs after tax portion was 51 million or $0.13 per share. Volume was essentially flat sequentially, average price decrease on the flow through of prior period price movements as expected. Ilim, achieved record production in March on successful bottlenecking projects completed in 2019. Demand for softwood pulp in China is solid driven by consumer demand for towel and tissue products. We expect volatility in the ruble exchange rate to continue to due to fluctuations in global oil markets. As a reminder, operationally about 60% to 70% of Ilim’s revenue is in U.S dollars. The Ilim committed to the health and safety of its employees and is practicing appropriate containment measures. The business has not had any material operational disruptions due to COVID-19 and lastly in April, International Paper received $141 million dividend payment from Ilim. This brings total dividends received from Ilim to more than $1 billion since the inception of the joint venture. Turning to Slide 17 in our outlook. In light of the uncertainty regarding the impact and duration of COVID-19 we are withdrawing our full-year adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow outlooks. We intend to continue to provide an update on business conditions and a quarterly outlook. Keep in mind that our second quarter outlook is our best view at this time in a fluid environment. So let me start with industrial packaging. We expect price and mix to be down $5 million on the flow through of prior index movements in North America, which is partly offset by favorable price and mix in our export channels. Volume is expected to be down $70 million as demand slows from an elevated level as well as the impact of one less shipping day in the second quarter. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $60 million due to the non-repeat of lower medical claims and higher costs related to the Rome mill in the second quarter. Same with industrial packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $27 million and input costs are expected to be higher by about $55 million due to higher recovered fiber cost. In global cellulose fibers, we expect price and mix to increase by $20 million on the impact of prior index movements. Volume is expected to be sequentially flat. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $25 million. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $25 million and input costs are expected to remain stable. Moving to printing papers, we expect the impact of price and mix to be flat. Volume is expected to be down about $50 million due to the impact of COVID-19 in all of our regions. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $85 million mostly due to the impact of unabsorbed fix cost. Maintenance outage expense is expected to decrease by $12 million and input costs are expected to remain stable. As noted in the segment details, I just shared maintenance outages all-in are expected to improve by 64 million in the second quarter. Detail’s by business and quarter are included in the appendix. In response to COVID-19, we now expect maintenance outage expense for the full-year to be about 480 million versus our original forecast of 585 million. And lastly, under equity earnings, you will see the elbow for the Ilim joint venture. Turning to Slide 18. I want to take a moment to update you on how we are thinking about capital allocations as we navigate COVID-19. Our allocation framework does not change. We will continue to make thoughtful choices as we navigate circumstances. I will start with the balance sheet. Our commitment to a strong balance sheet and investment grade credit rating does not change. We reduced debt by $1.5 billion during the past two years and closed 2019 around the upper end of our leverage targets. Our leverage could be adversely impacted if negative global economic conditions persists. But as Mark said earlier, we entered the COVID-19 crisis in a strong position. That strength extends to our pension plan. It remains sufficiently funded and previous actions to de-risk the plan help preserve the funding ratio at about 90% as we exited the first quarter. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In the past five years we have returned nearly $5.6 billion to shareholders or about 60% of free cash flow. Given significant economic uncertainties, we are suspending share repurchases. We paid the first quarter dividend in March. We are not making a change to our dividend policy at this time. We continue to evaluate it with our Board of Directors as we conduct testing on the impact of COVID-19 under different economic scenarios. Looking at investments. We intend to reduce CapEx to 600 million in 2020.We will fund only mission critical needs, including the completion of the Riverdale conversion. We will not compromise the health and safety of our employees nor taking any environmental or regulatory shortcuts. We are taking a deliberate approach to funding decisions to ensure we continue to have the right capabilities to provide the best solutions for our customers and are well positioned for the essential economic recovery. Taking a closer look at debt and pension on Slide 19. Our maturity profile provides us with financial flexibility as we navigate through the crisis. We have no commercial paper debt outstanding and no near-term bond maturities. I would also note that we reduced our annual interest expense by about $100 million since 2017. As I have said earlier, our pension plan is sufficiently funded at around 90%. At this time, we do not expect any required contributions in the next five-years. During the past few years, we have taken meaningful steps to de-risk the pension plan on the structural basis. You see the results of these actions on the chart. Our pension gap is essentially unchanged as we exit the first quarter despite significant market volatility. Turning to Slide 20, we have about $3.8 billion of liquidity as we exit April, which includes cash of about $1 billion and committed credit facilities of $2.8 billion. We have taken prudent actions to further strengthening our liquidity as the COVID-19 crises accelerated. We entered a new $750 Million bank revolver. We also extended our AR facility and changed it from uncommitted to committed to ensure access. All our facilities are available and unused at this time. In addition, our credit ratings provide attractive access to the bond market. We like the financial flexibility, our what liquidity position provides given the severity of the economic crisis and the uncertainty of the shape and pace of recovery. On Slide 21 we summarize some of the cash levers available. Given the significant economic uncertainty, we chose to take prudent and early actions to maximize liquidity. We will continue to evaluate conditions and make decisions based on the best information available and our view of risk. As a reminder, we monetize $250 million of our stake in Graphic Packaging in the first quarter. This puts us on a monetization path and we will continue to be thoughtful on our approach. The net of all of this is that we are well positioned with our operations, balance sheet and liquidity to manage the current economic crisis. And with that I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks Tim. We began today’s conversation with by sharing with you how International Paper is navigating the COVID-19 crisis. We have weathered many storms during our Company’s 122-years history and every day I hear another inspiring story of how our employees are stepping up to the current set of challenges, and I’m proud of their steadfast commitment to International Paper, our customers and each other. Our Company plays a critical role in the supply chain required to produce and deliver food, pharmaceuticals, hygiene and other essential products to consumers. And as I said earlier, it is a privilege that comes with enormous responsibility to take care of our employees and our customers. They are the foundation of how we create value for our shareholders. I’m confident that the Company we have built and our strong financial footing positions as well to succeed in the near-term and the long-term. And with that, Tim and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Hi everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And thanks for all you are doing on COVID, both for us and your employees. A couple of questions to start. Mark could you talk a bit about what kind of growth you are seeing in e-commerce, either in the quarter or you know maybe the current run rate as we are in April. And then related point, what kind of volumes are you in fact seeing in box shipments to extent that you can comment in April and I have a couple of follow-on.
Mark Sutton: George, this is Mark. On e-commerce, normally we talk double-digit growth. We are experiencing extremely strong double-digit growth, so orders of magnitude above the normal double-digit growth. And in April, our indications through April are that we are still seeing although moderated from the heading March that we showed at 4.7 to more normalized levels, we are still seeing a positive activity in the box market in April in the neighborhood of 2%.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that. And then recognizing some of this is just going to be driven by COVID and social distancing. Can you comment on where you found the opportunity to cut back a bit on both capital spending and maintenance on the latter, it seemed a fair amount of that was on North American industrial packaging. And if you can provide a little bit more color in terms of what can be cut permanently and what gets utilized pushed into 2021?
Mark Sutton: Yes. George I’m going to make just an opening comment and ask Tim to give you a little more color. On capital and maintenance expenses, we make these decisions from a principle basis. Number one, and we often get credit, where the credit is the right word, not for having really good assets and spending a lot of money maintaining them. Our asset quality is really high and we are not operating typically in crisis mode. So our ability to adjust and I don’t think of it as cutting, I think of it as delaying, adjusting, changing the timing of CapEx and maintenance expenses. We were allowed to do that, managing the risk because we keep our equipment and our processes in very good shape. So there is a number of areas that we are just looking at before we really understand what is going to happen to the consumer, GDP and demand that we don’t tie up cash in projects in areas that we may not need to as early as we originally planned. And Tim, if you want to give some additional examples.
Tim Nicholls: Well I think you just said it well Mark, the only thing I would add is and Mark referenced it. That this is not - so much as waiting and see. So all of the measures that we have taken, we can begin ramping them back up as we see less volatility and a return some type of normal. So, but I think Mark characterized it well, we do have great assets. It gives us flexibility.
Mark Sutton: An example, just to give you a little more George. We have cost reduction projects every year. Most of that is related to consumption of input materials. So any type of input trying to be more efficient, consume less of it. In an uncertain economic environment, those projects don’t pay as early as you think if you are not using that input anyway, because of low demand. So until we have better clarity, we can change the cash outflow timetable and end up keeping the Company’s cash-in and cash-out in a much stronger position. And that is really all we are doing here.
George Staphos: Okay. And it sounds like it is more proactive than just social distancing. Thanks for that. And my last one, could you comment a bit further on Bogalusa and Rome, what do you think the production loss for the year might be. You gave some preliminary timing for the restart at Rome. If you could go into what is required there, that would be great. Thanks for taking my questions. I will turn it over.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, Bogalusa started back up and running and Rome we are looking at June as the likely restart. So we are going to lose a quarter in Rome. We lost much less than that at Bogalusa. We don’t typically give out capacity numbers and things like that George. So I will refrain from that.
George Staphos: Yes, understood. I figured in this circumstance you could, but I appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. And thank you for the very helpful presentation slides and all the actions you are taking for your constituents. The one thing I was trying to get a better understanding is on those volumes side in industrial packaging. I think you said a negative $70 million hit. And I think you also indicated that in April, box shipments were looking like they are up about 2% domestically. And I realized that there is international as well as domestic in here, but if I look at the slide for just ended quarter, you had like an 18 million benefit from volume. It just seems like a very large negative, expected impact from that? Can you help me understand why it would be quite as big as that unless you are expecting, a very sharp fall off which I don’t necessarily get from the slides you put in volume for the second quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Mark, it is Tim. You are right. April has been very good. Our cut-off is between 2% and 3%. That is not a shipment number. That is the consumption as we as we produce boxes to satisfy orders. But we will know what shipments look like of course, until we close the books at the end of the month and see all of that. There is some uncertainty in Europe as Europe starts to reopen. And I think it is unfortunately is just where we are. There is a lot of fluidity and uncertainty around everything. Three or four days ago, we have protein packaging plants being down and now they are going to be coming back. And so that is just how quickly things can change. We do have one to one less day in the quarter in the second quarter in North America. So that has a not insignificant impact. But we are looking at what we are seeing in the moment. We are a short order cycle business. We can only really gauge on order intake out a couple of weeks. So we are just trying to triangulate across all these segments, segment-by-segment as to what we think we are going to see in May and June.
Mark Sutton: So Mark, just one added piece of color. If you go back to the slide with the market segments for box that Tim walked us through with the red, yellow and green. Again, our best view right now as multiple states and jurisdictions attempt to try reopening strategies. We didn’t have a view of whether that was going to be successful or not. But let’s assume part of it is more successful than we are all carrying in our hedge. You have got flow through in food service and some of the other weak segments, that would be all upside to. As we sit here today, none of that has happened. So trying to call it, we just try to be very transparent and say this is what we see now. But as Tim mentioned on the protein plants and I think they will figure that out, and on successful reopening. And then anything else that gives the consumer confidence, therapeutics that were reported earlier this week with some traction, those are all of us, that could give us upside in the demand cycle. But to put that out there, as we see it in International Paper, seems to be a little bit of wishful thinking, but all of it is moving and real and could be upsize to our near-term outlook.
Mark Weintraub: I appreciate that. And just real quickly, if I could. Obviously white paper costs are moving really fast, or OCC is moving really fast. Can you give us a sense as to where you see them currently? And how that flows through into your business. And what if anything can you be doing to mitigate the impact if you have got a big collection system et cetera?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Well they are significantly three or four times what they were earlier in the year. The good news is we have tremendous flexibility across our system. So we do have some facilities that are 100% recycled, but most of our facilities are a blend of virgin and recovered fiber. And so on a normal basis, we go about some amount of balancing and arbitraging cost facility-by-facility. So we will have some flexibility to work around that, but again it depends on with the reopening. It depends on how fast and what degree because this is really a generation issue where certain parts of the supply chain for OCC have been impacted quite negatively.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi Group.
Anthony Pettinari: So thanks again for all the detail, especially with what you are doing on safety. Maybe just following up on George’s question. You know, it seems like this experience may accelerate e-commerce and e-grocery at the expense of physical retail. If that is true, how do you think about the long-term impact to your corrugated business either from your ability to engage those customers and then any difference in the margin profile? If there is any difference from some of the other traditional customers you serve.
Mark Sutton: Anthony it is a great question. We are well positioned to serve e-commerce where it is business to consumer, both in the general retail sense and e-commerce that is business-to-business I mean more industrial products. As we have a position with almost everybody who is anybody in that particular type of business model. We have product and service platforms that do very well in there. And I think the margin comparisons are not a big issue. Some of the retail is replacing lower margin retail. Some of the food through e-commerce is replacing some of the average margin in the process of center store stuff. So when you are looking at it all, e-commerce is a good business for us and it is not a margin arbitrage issue that we look at in the long-term.
Tim Nicholls: And relative to the total size of the market, it is still relatively small as the segment and the segments not homogeneous. E-commerce is not e-commerce as we look at the customers that we supply.
Anthony Pettinari: Great. That is very helpful. And then in printing papers, I think you anticipate essentially stable price mix in to 2Q. Just wondering with demand down 40% globally wanting to gauge whether the shutdowns that are being taken are sort of appropriate to balance supply to demand and then, as you move from March, April to May, are you seeing sequential weakening or stabilization in printing paper demand. Any kind of thoughts there?
Tim Nicholls: You know it is like we said when we covered it on with 40% to 50% lower, order intake is as we said it unprecedented. So again, these are short order cycle businesses and we don’t have - unless it is an export shipment which has a little bit longer lead time, you don’t get tremendous look through to what it might be a month or two months out. We are going to have to see how - I think it is going to be a function of how quickly and how successfully things reopened. And we are taking all of the steps we need to take to match our productive capacity to our customer’s demands. The last thing we want to do is, as we referenced earlier is high cash where we don’t need it. And so it is better for us to adjust our productive footprint in the short-term than then tie it up in inventory.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That is helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from the line of Steven Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thank you. good morning everyone. First of all, do you anticipate, I think you do. Future insurance recoveries from the outages at Rome and Bogalusa. As Tim said that there were initial recoveries. So maybe what is deductible and how much more can we perhaps expect?
Tim Nicholls: Yes we have a 10 million deductible in each of the mills for the two incidents. We are just going to have to wait and see how it plays out. This is still an ongoing process. So we will have more to say about as in future quarter’s results.
Steve Chercover: Okay, and sticking with container board. I guess the implications we see had suggested that you were perhaps trying to fast track the Riverdale conversion in order to offset the impact at Rome and Bogalusa. I mean, I think it is fine that you are doing it safely and it is even a quarter push backwards. But, was that just pure speculation on their part? Where did they get that?
Tim Nicholls: I have no idea where they get it. It wouldn’t even be accurate in terms of greater product. Because we are going to be producing totally different product in Riverdale and other two mills. So I can’t speak to what they write or how they obtain it. We are just managing the project. We are trying to protect our employees and our contractors and do it in a very responsible way.
Steve Chercover: Sure, okay. Well, we don’t always know where they get their stuff. And then a longer term, if you can think about it view on paper. Is it possible that post-COVID like there might be many other long-term impacts that we are not anticipating? For instance, e-commerce might have a permanent boost, might there be a permanent negative shock to printing paper demand?
Tim Nicholls: It could be. I wouldn’t argue that something is not possible. We just don’t know. Just anecdotally, I try to reframe from printing as I work remotely at home but then I found myself printing two rings at a time to catch up with all the things that I would normally print. So, it depends. We know on the print advertising side that still a combination of online platform marketing and direct mail marketing is the most successful type of marketing approach. So, we will have to see what happens as things start to open up again.
Steve Chercover: And last question on fine paper. And it is your specialties. Don’t you make a lot of the course for tip swabs for instance? Are there any benefits on your specialty side?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, we do make those. This is much smaller products. So the amount fiber is much less. But yes we do make those, we are maybe the only at this point, but we are one of the few producers that actually make it.
Steve Chercover: Okay, thanks. That helps me.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Debbie Jones, Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I know you touched this before, could you just give a little bit more granular on what you are seeing in the export markets and if there is anything notable by region and kind of how things are trending right now and what you expect in May?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. The summary comment is really relatively strong across all of the products and reasons that we ship to both for export container board as well as our pulp business. Pulp on the strength of hygiene products, and some towel and tissue. And on container board remember, inventories were much lower as we entered the year and demand has actually been good to this point. And so, we think the inventory levels and customers around the world that we service are normal and best and loyal in some cases. And the poll for banana and citrus has been strong.
Debbie Jones: Okay. And then I wanted to ask you a question about the dividends. You mentioned the Board reviewing it. Could you talk about what goes into that? My thought would be that you looking at the first half of the year, in a performance in fine and you are taking a lot of steps at the balance sheet and CapEx, but you shouldn’t be in a difficult position. But what kind of stress testing are you doing at this point?
Tim Nicholls: It is a great question. And as I said, there is no change to our dividend policy. We paid the dividend in the first quarter, no change to the policy at the time, but with all prudence, for not only for dividend, but for all aspects of our operation we are doing, as robust economic scenario planning is as we know how. Starting with the impact that we saw during the financial crisis back in 2008, 2009 and then working to lower levels of performance from that experience. We don’t know, given this is a different type of crisis with health implications, we don’t know how severe it can be. So we are looking at a whole range of testing and scenario planning and trying to be as robust as we know how. I would say this, in terms of the actions that we have taken, they have been taken out of caution and prudence and because we have flexibility to lower capital and lower maintenance, because of the asset quality, we just stopped for a moment in time. We can always resume if things appear normal. So there is an amount of sequence of the cash mitigation levers that we have. The ones we have taken so far are ones that we can turn back on if we want to. But we thought in the moment back in March as things accelerated, it was very uncertain. These were prudent things to do at that point in time.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks, that is helpful.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Good morning everyone. I hope you and your families are safe and healthy. Mark one on demand, I know Mark asked you earlier about that the 70 million delta, but just more broadly, I know you look at a number of economic indicators, whether it be GDP growth or non-durable industrial production or otherwise, and there has historically been about I think 150 basis point gap between GDP growth and box demand. Just wondering how you are thinking about that relationship this year, just given how unusual, obviously the first quarter was particularly March and April was good as well. Box demand was likely much, much better than what the actual economy was doing. So how are you thinking about that relationship this year in the context of what you saw in 1Q up about 3% and then you were up to 2-ish in April?
Mark Sutton: It is a great question Adam. We do have a demand model that we use for International Paper. It is not only looking at GDP, but the construct of GDP and then some other inputs that correlate very closely with corrugated demand. And we use that model under different scenarios of GDP put out by others. Not in our own number, but well recognized external sources. And then when we look at for this particular disruption, you are right, it is different. It is a lot about the duration of the disruption. And we look at what we think recovery patterns will be not one letter in the alphabet, but by segments. And it is likely to play out differently by different types of segments. So, what role the consumer plays in the largest part of corrugated packaging, which is in the food and non-durables section really determines what we are going to see in demand. And that may be for several quarters be completely dislocated from the broader GDP, if that is being driven down by capital investment, or other components of GDP. So we are not looking at a delta or an offset to GDP and then calculating historic relationship for box demand. It is much more granular than that. And one of the biggest sources of input we have to our demand model is actually talking to our customers and seeing what they are seeing. And that is why we think for the kinds of products we make and the role they play in the supply chain through an environment like this. This isn’t a bunch of luxury products that are you can buy or not buy. Most of what we do is essential to everyday life. And so we believe we are going to weather all these dramatic forecasting GDP pretty well.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that Mark. And one on recovered paper. I know you talked about the expected sequential drag in industrial packaging from higher OCC cost. I’m just wondering embedded in that if you are expecting another, call it 20 to 30 bucks jump in the price in May and then what if anything thereafter? And then more broadly, how long do you expect this spike to last? I know it depends on how long the economy is effectively shut down for and how long commercial collection stays down for. But any thoughts you have about how much you are expecting OCC to go up again in May? And then where you think it shakes out thereafter based on how quickly the economy reopens.
Tim Nicholls: You know I think it is just as we call it out. We are expecting a $55 million impact on higher input costs. Most of that being recovered fiber in the quarter. And I think you said it. I think it depends on how quickly and to what degree the shape of the reopening takes. And retail has been significantly impacted unless it was non-essential, restaurant, food service segment has been significantly impacted. So I think it is going to depend on how quickly and how successfully those come back.
Mark Sutton: Adam another point on this to add to what Tim said is, this retail component is really going to be interesting to watch, because around almost 30% of OCC generated in the U.S. begins its life as a box being imported to the U.S. from somewhere else. Many of those type of products end up through the U.S. retail chains and they are definitely impacted right now. And not all of them are in that essential category. So again, duration of the stay-at-home orders, the confidence of consumers getting back into society, whether there is medicines and other treatments, all of that fits together. But there is a full almost 30% of our recovery fiber that is available for recovery in the U.S. that begins somewhere else. And that is really ratcheted down a lot right now. And likely will take a while to come back.
Adam Josephson: Thanks so much, Mark.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde with BMO.
Mark Wilde: Hi, Mark, hi Tim.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wonder if either of you could just give us a sense of how you are responding to these declines in printing and writing paper consumption in the various regions around the world? I think you produce in the U.S., Brazil, Poland and Russia.
Mark Sutton: Mark I think the way we are responding is we are taking care of our customers. We are managing inventory very closely to Tim’s point about not tying up cash and we have got a very flexible system in Europe and in the U.S., not along individual mills left in that business, but they are large and important. And for the same reasons we usually talk about it in packaging. When we have supply and demand dislocations, we have got the same marginal cost shedding model and systems in place. We just don’t use it very much in printing papers. And we were able to shed a big portion of our marginal costs and variable costs to match our production with our demand. And so we are setup to do it but we take care of our customers and we take care of our inventory and cash tied up there and we adjust our production.
Mark Wilde: So Mark, both of you are two biggest competitors domestically has sort of put out press releases and told us what they expected to pull out of the market in the second quarter. Is it possible for you to give us anything like that either domestically or for the offshore businesses?
Mark Sutton: No, it is not. But we did give you a cost number in the outlook slide Tim walked through, I think it was $80 million, $85 million of unabsorbed fixed costs. And so that gives you some indication of what we are expecting. But no, we never give forward views of our plan production output. We just don’t do that.
Tim Nicholls: Do quantify after the fact every quarter.
Mark Wilde: The other question I got is that for either of you, can you talk a little bit about how you are thinking about kind of foreign exchange and the strength of the dollar? And I’m curious about this both from a translational standpoint, but also the impact, for a largely a U.S dollar based producer of dollar denominated commodities. You know, what it means in terms of both a potential for kind of demand and price?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, it is a great question Mark. You know it just strengthened some at the beginning of the crisis, it has been roughly the same zone for a few weeks now, maybe a month or two. We tend to get a bit of a wash around the world. When you look at our different businesses, a weak AI relative to dollar helps that business, the export markets. The Ilim joint venture has all of its costs for the most part in rubles and it is exporting and selling in dollars for us to some degree at times depending on the strength of demand and supply, on exports from the U.S. But again, a lot of, what gets exported out of U.S. is in our pulp business, which is a unique product and benefits from the fiber characteristics that we have in the Southern part of the U.S. So when we put it all together over a long period of time it seem to be mostly net neutral.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just a last quick one Tim, can you just update us on Ilim’s capital plans?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. In this environment you would expect that they would pull it back. They have taken some measures to cut capital in the moment. They are still progressing on the large project that is [indiscernible] on and don’t see any real significant delays to that, but they have other places to balance out capital spending across the rest of the business as well as that business is particularly good at managing their cash and taking any cash mitigation measures that they need to.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fair enough. I will turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo.
Gabe Hajde: Mark, Tim Guillermo. Thanks for detail. And hope you guys are all doing well.
Mark Sutton: Thanks Gabe.
Gabe Hajde: I was curious if you could comments at all. Tim you touched on some I think export customer inventory levels, but maybe your domestic inventory levels in the industrial business. And I appreciate there is a balancing act going on right now with bringing up foreign facility Bogalusa, another one being out for June. But demand kind of plays out as you see it, or as you are projecting where you might expect your inventory levels to be at the end of the second quarter versus where you are at today?
Tim Nicholls: You know I guess what I would say, as you know, we don’t publish or share our specific numbers and levels. I would say we are on the low side here domestically. We have had a strong demand pull across the entire business all channels so far this year given the factors that we talked about. So, low inventory levels and a lot of demand through this point in time that we have seen in the export channel. And you have seen the results that we had in the integrated channel here in North America. And so to this point it has been about balancing our supply to make sure we are trying to take care of all of our customers. At the end of the second quarter I wouldn’t venture a prediction at this point.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And maybe just try to dig a little bit deeper on Adam’s question. Kind of on Slide 9. Mark, you talked about trying to get in the lead a little bit in terms of underlying demand drivers for corrugate. As we think about maybe corrugated intensity through the supply chain for food and beverage specifically going through retail as appose to food service. Is there a way that maybe high level you can help us think about is it more corrugate intensive for that channel versus and I appreciate again you don’t necessarily know what your customers do with the product once it leaves your facility?
Mark Sutton: I understand your questions Gabe. I don’t have a good clean answer to corrugated intensity per unit of output. But just sufficed to say that both channels, the retail channel, which doesn’t - it is corrugated intensely, but as you know, there has been a lot of innovations with beverage and other things that don’t use as much anymore. And the foodservice channels are very, very important to our corrugated demand. I would say, the food service channel given the way product moves and the bulk in which it moves in the quantities, has a very large component of corrugated. You think about even anecdotally, if you think about watching a restaurant get supplies from the backside as the food service truck is there. There is a lot of corrugated delivering multiple units of ingredients and supplies. So it is definitely important for our demand. And it is important for coordinated usage. And so as we see some success in reopening even at reduced capacities. It is not just restaurants though, of course schools and cafeterias and other things are large users of the foodservice supply chain as well. But it is meaningfully important for us.
Gabe Hajde: Okay, thank you. Good luck.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Just two things. Riverdale obviously represents a nice opportunity to bring all that high value board in-house. Are your white top customers any more or less essential in corporate terms in average, I’m just wondering how to think about the customer side of that ramp up.
Tim Nicholls: Hey Mark, it is Tim. A large portion of what we produce is around food. So, whether it is produce or other types of food products a lot of the usage flight top goes into that. So without giving you a hard number, I don’t have a hard number off the top of my head, but there is a big component to consumer goods and food products.
Mark Connelly: Okay. So shouldn’t see too much of a drag there. Just one more question, a little more decent on Brazil. Can you remind us what the split of business down there is in terms of cut size versus roll and how much of that business stays domestic Brazil lately?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Roughly half of our production of memory serve stays in Brazil. And then it varies up and down. The balance of it does either to the Latin American region and some amount to Europe. The split, it is largely a cut size business. We have a predominant brand in the country [indiscernible] that is very well received by our customer base. We do some printing grades as well, but for the most part a lot of cut size.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question for the day will come from the line of Brian Maguire, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in, hope you all are doing well. I just wanted to take another stab at the 2Q, sort of volume out looking corrugated, just trying to reconcile a couple of conflicting statements, kind of like April is off to a good start on a year-over-year basis, the heat map sort of showed some deceleration, I’m guessing as the month progress, but then the guidance on EBIT again down 70 million or so. Just wondering if that is kind of representing your worst case estimate for how things could progress in 2Q, if things maybe deteriorate even more from here or you know is it something you are actually seeing? I guess just trying to get a sense of how conservative you are taking a cut at the 2Q guide and just sort of related to that, I understand pulling the full-year guidance, but why even give the 2Q numbers if so much is sort of up in the air and uncertain at this point?
Tim Nicholls: That is a good question Brian. We always give an outlook. We are required to give an outlook. We try to give one as thoughtful as we can. I would say April looks like it is turning out okay. We will have to get into May and see, again, I continue this and that we are a short order cycle business. And so a lot of this is triangulating based on what we hear from customers and what we are seeing across all of the converting facilities that we have and looking at it segment-by-segment-by segment. So it is our best estimate at this moment in time, but I think it is acknowledging that there is a lot of fluidity. And as I mentioned with the protein example, one day it looks like 25%, 30% of supply is going to be constrained, the demand is there, but the supply is not. And then a few days later, there is changes in place and protein plants will hopefully be starting back up at a point in time. So just a lot of fluidity.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then just one last one just to switch gears maybe more of a philosophical or a longer term question on credit free sheet. You know, obviously it is going to be off quite a bit this year and someone alluded to earlier some of that could be structural longer term in nature. Meanwhile your corrugated business is performing well. Just wondering how you are think about the interplay between the two in the industry the potential for others, you talked about conversions from printing papers to packaging to maybe look to move forward on some of those as they need to shut some mills. And then, your role as a leader in both markets. Do you guys view yourself as somebody who would look to proactively preemptively shut some more of your white paper capacity to try and keep others in the industry from trying to move towards a conversion mentality.
Mark Sutton: So, Brian, I mean, that is difficult question to answer. Because it is so forward-looking. I think, if you look at our track record on how we have managed our uncoated free sheet business over the years. It has been a combination of how we match the supply side to a structurally declining market. It is a mix of converting some facilities to a different product that were already in like container board and fluff pulp. Unfortunately, we closed some facilities that didn’t have a good conversion options. And we have managed the business in I think a graceful way to meet the reality of the decline. All the other parts of your question are really unanswerable in terms of what we would do and why. We would do things and have done things with our printing paper assets and especially talented production pieces we have at those plans to proactively help one of our other businesses. That would be the primary reason for making changes. And so it is really early to figure out right now whether there is a permanent structural step down and then a return to a steady structural declines or not. It is a good question. It is possible that could happen. But we are going to stay flexible enough to make sure we see what is happening before, before we make any conclusions on that. But, our uncoated free sheet business is now less than 20% of the company. It generates strong cash. We have got great assets and good wood baskets that give us flexibility for the future. So that that message hasn’t really changed.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks so much. Stay safe guys.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will turn it over to Guillermo Gutierrez.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator, this is Mark and I’m going to wrap up. First of all, I just want to again, publicly thank our employees in International Paper for their courage and commitment to our company and to our customers and to each other as we operate through this. We think there is obviously more uncertainty as communities reopen their economies. Our hope is that that is done well and successful. That will help the people around the world and will also help our Company. The crisis has done one thing for us, we talk a lot about purpose of our Company. Making products that people need every day on renewable, natural resources. And that just really brought our purpose to life, reinforces the critical role our products played in people’s lives and in the important supply chains. And I will leave you with International Paper, and my confidence in our future. We have a strong financial footing. you can count on International Paper to deliver, you can count on our employees if you invest in International Paper, you can count on us to create long-term value and lead the Company and manage the Company with all of our important stakeholders in mind for the long-term. We have been at it for 122-years, and we are going to plan on being at it for a lot longer. So thank you for joining our call and we look forward to talking with you in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, we would like to thank you for participating on today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper fourth-quarter and full-year 2019 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, vice president, investor relations. Please go ahead.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's fourth-quarter and full-year 2019 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, chairman and chief executive officer; and Tim Nicholls, senior vice president and chief financial officer. There is information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-US GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to US GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth-quarter 2019 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments on Slide 2, we also provide context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. We'll begin our discussion on Slide 3. International Paper delivered solid earnings and outstanding free cash flow in 2019. Our performance demonstrates the strength of our cash generation and the flexibility of the company to navigate well even in challenging environments. While the US economy remains healthy, we managed through significant inventory headwinds and broader trade tensions that impacted our exports. Against this backdrop, we focused on optimizing our full-value chain. We grew with customers who are market leaders in their respective segments. We ran our manufacturing system well, and we leveraged the flexibility of our mill and converting system, all of which allowed us to continue to grow value for our shareowners with an ROIC of nearly 11%, which is well above our cost of capital. On capital allocation, we're making choices consistent with our framework. In 2019, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We also increased our dividend for the tenth consecutive year, reinforcing our policy of a strong and sustainable payout of 40% to 50% of free cash flow. And we repaid $1 billion of debt to maintain a strong balance sheet. We continue to invest strategically to strengthen our Industrial Packaging business. In 2019, we made targeted investments in our U.S. box business to enhance our capabilities and reinforce our strong position in the fastest-growing segments. We also made selective acquisitions in our European packaging business to expand the converting network around our Madrid mill. I also want to share some context around our decision to start monetizing our investment in Graphic Packaging, which we announced earlier this week. The thinking around the original structure was to maximize the value of our North American Consumer Packaging business by combining it with Graphic Packaging. The investment provided us time to evaluate the role of Consumer Packaging for IP, while participating in the benefits of the combined business in a tax-efficient structure. Ultimately, we determined that a significant addition to our portfolio in the North America Consumer Packaging space is not a strategic priority. So it makes sense to start monetizing our investment and deploy that capital consistent with our capital allocation framework. Turning to Slide 4 and full-year results. We delivered EBITDA of $3.9 billion and outstanding free cash flow of $2.3 billion. Revenue did decrease about 4% due to lower average pricing and the impact of lower export containerboard and pulp volumes. Our equity earnings were $250 million, including $207 million from our Ilim joint venture, which was also impacted by challenging pulp markets. Despite a less favorable commercial environment in 2019, we delivered healthy margins of about 17% by taking advantage of our manufacturing and supply chain expertise and managing our costs well in our three businesses. Now let's turn to the next slide and take a closer look at free cash flow. As you can see on Slide 5, International Paper generated $2.3 billion in free cash flow in 2019, which puts our five-year average at $1.9 billion, reflecting our strong and sustainable cash generation. We proactively managed cash levers across the company to mitigate the impact of lower earnings and to exceed our full-year free cash flow commitment. Cash from operations was $3.6 billion compared to $3.2 billion in 2018 and includes a $300 million improvement in working capital. Capital expenditures were $1.3 billion or about $300 million lower than in 2018. We've often discussed IP's strong and resilient free cash flow. I think 2019, once again demonstrates our ability to deliver outstanding cash generation, even as we manage through more difficult market conditions. So now turning to Slide 6. We delivered another solid year of return on invested capital with a five-year average return of 11%. Our performance reflects the strength of our portfolio. We are making the right investment choices and delivering on those commitments. I'll now turn it over to Tim, who will cover the performance across our business segments, as well as our outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 7, which shows our year-over-year operating earnings bridge. Operating earnings decreased by $0.89 to $4.43 per share in 2019 in what was clearly a challenging environment, especially outside the U.S. Our results, as Mark said, reflect our ability to optimize our mill and converting systems and manage marginal costs as we matched our production to our customers' needs. Looking at the bridge, price and mix were a headwind, mostly due to significant price pressure in export pulp and containerboard markets, as well as the price impact of index movements in our North American packaging business. Volume was a drag on earnings largely due to challenging export markets. Export containerboard was impacted by unusually high customer inventories as we enter 2019, and it took about three quarters to normalize. Operations and costs were impacted by significant economic downtime, especially in the first half of the year as export shipments slowed and we reduced inventories across our North American packaging system on improved supply chain velocity and reliability. Input costs were favorable for the full year, driven mostly by lower recovered fiber and energy costs. And even though wood cost moderated in the second half of the year, they were actually a significant drag on earnings in 2019. All in, corporate items were favorable, with lower corporate and interest expense partly offset by higher tax expense in 2019. Equity earnings decreased due to lower Ilim earnings. Turning to Slide 8 and our fourth quarter results. EBITDA was $1 billion with margins of 18%. The year-over-year revenue decline is mostly driven by lower pricing and packaging in Global Cellulose Fibers, as well as the impact of the India divestment earlier in the fourth quarter. Free cash flow in the quarter was again strong as we continue to proactively manage capital spending and working capital. During the fourth quarter, we reduced debt by nearly $600 million. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on Slide 9. Operating earnings were unchanged at $1.09. Price or mix was a headwind due to the prior index movements in Global Cellulose Fibers and North American packaging, as well as the lower prices in export containerboard. Volume improved in the quarter due to stronger containerboard exports as expected, as well as higher seasonal demand in Latin American papers and European packaging. Operations and costs were offset in the quarter by favorable maintenance outage costs and input costs improved due to lower wood and chemical costs. Corporate items were also favorable and equity earnings were essentially flat. So we'll turn to the segments, and I'll start with Industrial Packaging on Slide 10. Our business performed well. The North America business earned $584 million with margins of nearly 25% and a light maintenance outage quarter. Across the segment, price and mix was unfavorable due to the impact of prior index movement in North America, as well as the mix impact of higher containerboard exports in the fourth quarter as we expected. Staying with containerboard exports, demand is healthy and customer inventory levels have normalized across most regions. It may even be on the low side in select areas as we enter this year. Volume improved sequentially, driven by containerboard exports, as well as stronger seasonal demand in our European packaging business. In North America, we had strong double-digit growth in e-commerce. And the protein segment continued to perform well in the fourth quarter, while processed foods and durables continue to lag the broader strength of the U.S. economy. Demand in January is off to a pretty good start for us at a plus 1% to 2%. The growth trend we discussed last quarter is coming through as expected as we ramp up our recent business wins. Operational performance was favorable. Economic downtime decreased significantly in the fourth quarter as we increase production to meet stronger demand. Operations and costs also benefited by about $40 million of onetime items, including a favorable LIFO inventory adjustment. Input costs were also favorable across the segment, driven by lower cost for wood and chemicals. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 11. Fourth-quarter results were impacted by lower prices across all regions and a very challenging supply demand condition. The near-term headwinds we have faced in the business have been material due to the severity of the commodity pulp cycle. It has resulted in more supply of fluff pulp and a higher mix of market pulp in our business. In light of the current performance and our outlook, we have impaired the full amount of the goodwill in the business of $52 million, which is a special item in the quarter. We expect very challenging earnings in the first half of 2020 due to the flow-through of prices from 2019 and the impact of higher maintenance outage expenses. We do see better fundamentals as we enter 2020. Customer fluff inventories have normalized and underlying demand is improving. Looking beyond the improving supply demand conditions, our strategy is to grow profitably in fluff pulp to reduce our market pulp mix. We continue to feel good about the 2% to 3% structural demand growth with fluff pulp, which is our focus. We had a successful contract season and are on pace to bring fluff and specialty mix to 75% of total volume in 2020. All of this positions us for an improvement in the second half of the year. Looking to Printing Papers on Slide 12. The business delivered earnings of $109 million in the quarter. Across the segment, price and mix decreased mostly due to lower pricing for exports from our North America and Latin American paper business, as well as the mix impact of higher export volume from North America. Volume improved sequentially across all regions. Demand in Brazil was seasonally stronger as expected, but was partially offset by weaker demand in Latin American countries due to the geopolitical environment. In our North American business, we had strong performance in cut size with new customer business. However, the roll business was weak due to challenging conditions in commercial printing. Mill performance was solid across the segment. Operations and cost was impacted by a noncash LIFO inventory charge of about $15 million, mostly related to the hardwood inventory adjustments at Riverdale as we execute the conversion and some other onetime charges. Input costs improved across the sector on lower purchase pulp prices in Brazil and lower hardwood cost in North America. Staying with Printing Papers, uncoated free sheet shipments in North America were volatile in 2019 due to the influence of trade flows through the year. Fundamentally, though, we continue to see long-term secular decline of about 4%, in line going forward with the two-year industry average over the past few years at 3.7%. Looking at Ilim results on Slide 13. The joint venture delivered $21 million in equity earnings in the fourth quarter. Volume improved as expected, with no planned maintenance outages in the quarter, and was offset by negative price flow-through. Equity earnings include a foreign exchange gain on Ilim's US dollar-denominated net debt of which IP's after-tax portion was $8 million or $0.02 per share. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA was $706 million, which represents a 32% margin. Full-year equity earnings were $207 million. And although 2019 was a challenging year across global pulp markets, Ilim's strong operational performance and low-cost system make it a powerful cash generator, and we expect to receive about $120 million in dividends from Ilim in 2020. On Slide 14, I want to take a moment to update you on our capital allocation actions in 2019 and provide clarity on what you can expect from International Paper in 2020. Starting with the balance sheet. Our commitment is unchanged. We will maintain a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating with a target debt-to-EBITDA of 2.5 to 2.8 times on a Moody's basis. In 2019, we repaid $1 billion of debt and our pension gap decreased by $200 million. Our pension plan is sufficiently funded, and we feel really good about the actions we've taken to derisk the plan. All in, we closed 2019 at 2.8 times leverage, which was flat with prior year. Returning cash to shareholders is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework. In 2019, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And over the past five years, we've returned nearly $5.6 billion to shareholders or about 60% of free cash flow. As Mark said earlier, in 2019, we increased our dividend for a tenth consecutive year, reinforcing our commitment to a competitive and sustainable dividend of 40% to 50% of free cash flow. Looking ahead to 2020, free cash flow after dividends will continue to be directed to debt reduction and share repurchases. Looking at investments, we continue to proactively manage capital spending as we invest to maintain our world-class systems and strengthen our packaging business. The types of M&A we would be interested in are targeted smaller scale opportunities that would round out our capabilities and create value. And with regard to the Graphic Packaging transaction we announced earlier this week, we received $250 million in cash from Graphic Packaging, which is the maximum amount permitted in each period under the agreement. We do not expect to pay taxes on this initial transaction. Our ownership interest in Graphic Packaging is now approximately 18.3%. This transaction puts us on a monetization path. Moving to our full-year outlook on Slide 15. We're projecting full year EBITDA for the company of $3.0 billion to $3.2 billion. This is driven by the full-year impact of price carryover from 2019 as well as the January containerboard index movement. We also plan about $70 million of higher maintenance outage expense in 2020, as we execute a high cold outage cycle. To put this in context, we completed two cold outages across our system in 2019 compared to eight cold outages planned for this year. And lastly, we anticipate about $80 million of cost related to the Riverdale conversion in 2020, including the impact of unabsorbed fixed cost. Free cash flow is expected to be at $1.7 billion, and we will proactively manage capital spending with a cap of $1 billion. Proceeds from the Graphic Packaging monetization, like all of our cash, will be put through our capital allocation framework. Turning to Slide 16 and our first quarter outlook. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to be down $30 million on the flow-through of prior index movements in North America. Volume is expected to be down $20 million on lower seasonal demand in North America. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $85 million, partly due to the nonrepeat of favorable LIFO adjustments in the fourth quarter. Included in this $85 million is $20 million of unabsorbed fixed costs related to the Riverdale mill conversion. And staying with Industrial Packaging, maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $93 million, and input costs are expected to be seasonally higher by about $15 million. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to be down $15 million on the impact of prior index movement. Volume is expected to improve by $5 million on improved fluff volume. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $15 million. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $20 million and inputs are expected to remain stable. Moving to Printing Papers. Price flow-through was offset by improved geographic mix. Volume is expected to be down $50 million, mostly on lower seasonal demand in Brazil. Operations and costs are expected to improve by $40 million, mostly due to the nonrepeat of LIFO charges in the fourth quarter and improved fixed cost absorption in North America. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $17 million, and input costs are expected to remain stable. As noted in the segment details I just shared, maintenance outages all-in are expected to increase by $130 million in the first quarter. Details by business and quarter are included in the appendix. And lastly, under equity earnings, you will see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. I'm on Slide 17. As I reflect on our performance this past year, it reaffirms my confidence in International Paper. I've often commented on these quarterly calls about our ability to succeed and generate strong cash flow through practically any set of conditions. And I think that's exactly how 2019 played out. As we enter 2020, we are delivering commercial wins and we'll continue to tightly manage our cost, capital spending and working capital to generate strong free cash flow despite earnings headwinds that we look at as cyclical. And most of these earnings headwinds that are price related are due to flow-through from actions that have already occurred in 2019. The fundamentals of our packaging and fluff pulp business are solid. Our commercial and operational levers position us for positive momentum as we navigate through the year. International Paper has the best customers, the best people, the best system and a strong financial position, and we'll continue to make the choice as consistent with our capital allocation framework in order to drive long-term value creation. With that, I think we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi. We saw some signs of improvement in China and the pulp market at the end of last year, kind of beginning of this year. The coronavirus has obviously kind of shaken things up. I was wondering if you could talk about what impact you're maybe seeing to your customers, I guess, on the pulp side in China, understanding the situation is unfolding?
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Anthony. I think the coronavirus, we see what you just mentioned, improving conditions, both on the demand and on the economics. The virus issue is obviously a fluid situation and it's kind of early to tell. There are inventories in the system. The kind of products that our pulp goes into from GCF, from our cellulose fibers business, is an absorbent pulp. The type of products that tend to be a little less discretionary. On our Ilim joint venture, it's more market pulp for packaging and other softwood market uses. And they have seen some improvements as well. I think we're all watching very closely and looking at different contingencies based on the virus, which I think they'll get through. But the question is, how long does it take?
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then your 2020 guidance suggests capex could be below $1 billion. And I don't think IP's capex has been below $1 billion for maybe a decade. I'm just wondering what the split there is between maintenance and discretionary? Maybe what kind of investments maybe you're pulling back on? And then just how you would frame that capex level versus a normalized level versus where we might be in the cycle?
Mark Sutton: That's a great question because it is a number you haven't seen. Well, let me just make a high level comment. I'll ask Tim to talk about the categories. Over these periods of time that you mentioned, we're not the same company, obviously, in terms of asset quality, the amount of strategic investment, which we've done a lot organic strategic investment in the last few years. And as we said earlier, last year on, I think, would be the third quarter call, we don't have those type of large projects every period. So the combination of all that allows us to have periods where we'll have less. Our guidance has always been about $1.4 billion over time. But it wouldn't be that every year. And Tim, if you want to add a little clarity to the category?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think you covered it well in terms of talking about the ramp down and the strategic projects. It's roughly 60% that we have targeted for maintenance and regulatory and then the balance being discretionary. But you're right, $1 billion is on the high side, it could be lower than that. It could be closer to $900 million for the year.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Chercover of D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: First quick question. If I'm not mistaken, your free cash flow was $300 million above your $2 billion guidance. So was that surplus due to mainly the working capital? Or can you elaborate, Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, that was a big piece of it. There are several factors. One, there was some timing on some items. We had lower capital spending than what we had earlier estimated in the year. And then working capital. We picked up some things. Part of it is timing. We'll keep it. Part of it is just from one year to the next and so it will probably come back in 2020.
Steve Chercover: And then to quote you on Graphic Packaging, you're on a monetization path. So is it a bold assumption to say that you get another $250,000 that will be put toward the repo and/or debt reduction?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean, we'll put it through the capital allocation framework. And that's the primary focus that we have right now. So I don't assume any difference. And just to clarify, a maximum of $250 million every six months that we have, under the contract, the ability to monetize.
Steve Chercover: Can I just ask one other question? You've got some flexibility. Obviously, it should be share price dependent, right? I guess the valuation of GPK will have some influence on your timing.
Tim Nicholls: It will, I would say, modestly, but we're not -- we don't think of ourselves as investors in equity shares. So we're not trying to time the market in an undue way. We're trying to just make sure we're smart about how we think through our right some of the contracts to monetize the stake that we have.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I wanted to talk about the maintenance spending that you're doing this year. And you've said that there are eight cold outages this year versus two last year. Away from those numbers, when you're done with the projects this year, Mark, what will be further enabled either within Industrial Packaging or GCF that you don't have already from the maintenance? Or will it be obviously, much of it is going to be related to normal maintenance, but what will be the different capabilities out of the systems on either side when we're done with this?
Mark Sutton: George, I think one key point on maintenance is we talk about the capital, and that's a portion of maintenance, but a much bigger portion is just on the expense side and how we do precision maintenance, how we make repairs, how well-trained our technical staffs are. And they're just getting better every year. So we have less failures. We expect better reliability, which ends up resulting in needing less capital for major replacements. And that's just been a continuing story for IP. So we spend the money on the expense side in education, training, techniques, and we save the money on the capital side. That's one point. What we've been trying to do is make sure that in containerboard and in the new cellulose fibers business that we combined with the former Weyerhaeuser business that we have flexibility in the system so that we can make multiple products at multiple facilities, that's a strong value proposition for our customers. It's great in terms of managing marginal cost for wood or transportation. So what you'll see out of this is less variability between the worst facility we have in terms of reliability and capability and the best. So both systems are going to be more flexible and less variation. There's much more work to do, but we have made a lot of progress. And so it's kind of normal that we would have a period where we can enjoy some of the kind of fruits of the investments we've made. So capability and consistency across those mill systems. In one case, feeding box plants, largely our own box plants. In the other case, going directly to customers who convert into absorbent products.
George Staphos: So tying a bow on that, so part of what you'll get also is an ability to further make your cost variable as opposed to fixed, depending on the system that you're in or the environment that you're in. Would that be fair?
Mark Sutton: That's fair, George. And you saw that. Again, we don't want to get too good at this because it usually only gets to show up when we're taking economic downtime, and markets are slower, but you saw a kind of a sort of a step change in 2019, containerboard LLO experience and our marginal cost management versus prior periods a few years earlier. And we would expect that to continue. So variabilizing our cost and getting better at marginal cost management is definitely part of it. There are some structural cost issues in some of our mills, especially on the GCF side that are not related to reliability. Just related to configuration and there's things there that we can address and will address in the future as our resources and priorities allow us to.
George Staphos: Okay. Second question, I'll try to make it quick. You mentioned that 60% of your free cash flow over the last five years has been dedicated to value return to the shareholder and your performance on cash flow and your performance returning value back to the shareholders has been impressive. Given the target of 40% to 50% over time, would it suggest that maybe that ratio necessarily has to come down as you delever? Or we shouldn't draw that conclusion? And what kind of circumstances would we need to see where the dividend, which looks to be amply supported now, might be something that is a little bit more at risk? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Well, the approach we take to the dividend, George, and thanks for the question, is that it's both competitive and sustainable. And so when we make these decisions, when we put forth recommendations to our Board and they decide dividend policy, we are trough testing and providing ample outlook for how we think the business is going to perform. So I don't see a need for the first part of your question and taking the action there, I think we're in a bit of a trough year. We're still on the high end, but within the range. And I think we have the flexibility to do what we need to do across our capital allocation choices.
Mark Sutton: I think also just an additional point on Tim's comment, is when you think about the combination of near-term capital return via the dividend and the share repurchase, we have reduced our shares outstanding and the actual outlay for the dividend is -- even though we've raised the dividend, as you can figure out for yourself, not growing in terms of pure cash outlay. So we're committed to the dividend. We think 40% to 50% has got the right balance of getting cash to shareholders, but not doing it in a way that's not sustainable. And I mean, that's what we're focused on in the company is generating the cash that's in trough, testing our recommendations to make sure that we are, in any case, talking about the dividend not being sustainable.
Operator: Next question is from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Good morning and thanks for all the help. If you could talk a little bit about the South American business, I think, firstly, in corrugated, I know that's something I think you're looking to exit. And I just wanted to know, a, how that's going? And b, you mentioned some targeted M&A possibilities. I don't know if there is a chance that you might actually want to keep a presence in Brazil and if that would be a possibility?
Tim Nicholls: On packaging?
Chip Dillon: Yes.
Tim Nicholls: No, no. We've talked about strategic options. The process has taken a little bit longer than we thought. But we don't want this to go on forever. But I think it started slower based on just some timing and holidays and gearing up. We have made progress. I think we'll be in a position in the not-too-distant future to talk to you about the outcome. But in terms of an acquisition on packaging in Brazil, as we're still looking at options for how we exit that business, there's nothing that we're looking at.
Mark Sutton: When Tim was talking in his remarks about capital allocation and we made a comment about investments and targeted small acquisitions, if there are any, those are primarily for our North American Industrial Packaging business and for our European packaging business, like we did a few, we bought a few box plants right near the Madrid mill. That's what he was referring to on targeted M&A for packaging, not anything else.
Tim Nicholls: And just to put some brackets around it in terms of size and the targeted nature of it and how it improves the business that we have, like packaging.
Chip Dillon: Okay. That's super helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. When you look at the capex level going down to like $900 million to $1 billion, which certainly makes a lot of sense given the very immediate environment and certainly keeps your flexibility as high as it's been. Is that sort of a level -- I mean, that should include, I assume some Riverdale expense -- capex. So what should we kind of guess capex will be or would you expect capex to be in the '21, '22, '23 period? Let's say, things get that better, is there a reason that capex would rise up again, given your current footprint?
Tim Nicholls: Should that be situational, I think from a strategic investment type, the bigger capital there, those get identified over time. We don't act on all of them. The cost reduction side of it is where I think you could see an increase over time. But like I said, it depends on the circumstances, the market conditions and how the business is performing. So we don't forecast publicly that far out in time. But situationally, I think we're in a spot where we can maintain around the level we have. If conditions warrant, we can take advantage of some high return cost reduction type projects to improve the business.
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think, Chip, the way we're thinking about this, if you go back all the way to 2014, where we started investing in our North American containerboard system for lots of reasons to replace the purchase board we were doing post the Temple acquisition to improve all the things I talked about in the prior answer, there's been a steady demand for large projects in our mill system and containerboard. Then we built the Madrid mill, and now we're doing Riverdale. We've got the capacity we need and the capability we need largely for the foreseeable future, not only in that business but also in cellulose fibers. And so structural cost reduction in our system probably hasn't gotten the same level of attention, and that will be a focus going forward. But it's not as large as individual projects. It's smaller projects across more facilities. So depending on what the environment looks like, how much product we need based on our order book, we can time those structural cost reduction projects a little bit better than the strategic projects where you're trying to bring something on to market. So that will be the focus going forward. We don't have an exact number past 2020, but it'll be a different mix of projects because we've made the investments we need to make for the foreseeable future.
Chip Dillon: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Mark Wilde of BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning Mark, thank you. I think you owe the Industrial Packaging crew lunch today.
Mark Sutton: That happens often.
Mark Wilde: Well, that's a very good performance. Listen, the question I had, the recovery in pulp performance, it sounds like there are a couple of moving pieces we need to be conscious of as we go through '20. One is kind of a lag in kind of pricing and the other is kind of the shift in mix. So Tim, I wondered if you could just help us with a little more color on that?
Tim Nicholls: Well, I'll help you with as much as I can give. I mean, you see the price follow-on. We do think that markets have begun stabilizing. And so the question will be recovery and how fast it comes on the pricing front. But inventory levels after some weak market conditions based on individual country economies, region economies, as well as the tariff situation, we think, had a fairly dramatic impact on price as we went through 2019 that we carry into this year. But we think that we are in a place where fundamentals have shifted and look like they're beginning to improve. On the mix side, because of the lower growth for fluff overall, based on those factors, we had a higher percent of commodity market pulp in our mix, for certain types of grades on -- certainly on Southern soft bleach, we have a higher cost structure. We have a very good cost structure in our mill in Canada for Northern bleach. But for Southern, we have a higher cost structure and prices were impacted more. So that weighed on the business as well. Going forward, it's about intelligently restoring the fluff and absorbent specialty percent of our mix based on the commercial loss that we talked about last year, but doing it in a way that maximizes profit over time. So we're not just simply focused on volume. We're focused on how do we improve the earnings performance of the business and working through these macro challenges in the moment.
Mark Wilde: And for a follow-on, I just wondered, Mark, can you update us on sort of where the Ilim capital plans are? I know that they've had some big projects talked about over time, but I don't know whether there's been any commitment to those. So if you could update us.
Mark Sutton: Sure. The Ilim Board approved some projects involving some containerboard production, primarily for China. And so that's under way and additional softwood pulp at one of the existing facilities, debottlenecking one of the facilities. So both of those projects are approved and are beginning to get under way and will come online later in next year. So right now, the focus for Ilim is, as anybody in the softwood pulp business, is looking at getting the inventory stabilized and getting the market pricing, hopefully, back to a more normalized level. As Tim mentioned in the Ilim results, even at these lower cyclical price levels for commodity pulp, the Ilim cost structure is so far out ahead of everything else in the world that it's still a very, very powerful cash generator. And that's really what we want to do in our GCF business, which is really absorbent pulp focused. We are still 10 percentage points away from the mix. We really target to have 85% of our capacity, which is essentially all of our North American mills, on absorbent pulp, and only the Canadian northern bleached softwood mill on nonabsorbent pulp. And with a demand step back in the China economy, it just takes longer to get that mix up, as Tim said, intelligently, where we're doing it at a profitable level. So it's a setback in terms of the path we were on, but it's still the right path. And the business and the end-use and the customer book is all very solid.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc Capital.
Adam Josephson: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Tim, just one on pulp. On Slide 11, you talk about a successful contract season accelerating your recovery this year. Can you just help me with what your pricing visibility is on contracts that you successfully renewed or secured? I'm just wondering if you know what pricing on that business will be throughout the year? Or it's similar to market pulp in that regard? And then just you mentioned fluff is growing at a lower rate than market. I was just wondering just intuitively, why that would be the case.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. On the growth, I think we've had some unusual challenges. We've had certain countries in the Middle East, which are big fluff pulp consumers, their economies have underperformed, their currencies have underperformed against the dollar. There has been some, for a moment, demand destruction. There's been the tariff issue in China, which had to be sorted through and caused a lot of uncertainty. And so I think there's been the combination of some demand destruction in the moment. We don't think it's structural. And there's also the fact that we had inflated inventories around the world last year for a big part of the year that had to be rebalanced on fluff pulp. On the contracts on pricing, you can appreciate why I can't go into a whole lot of detail here, but it's really across the gamut. There's different customer types that we have. And some of those work on annual contracts with price negotiations that happen as you go through the year. Some of them are annual in the nature of the amount of volume they're going to take. And then there's openers along the way. And then we have parts of the market that it's month to month or quarter to quarter.
Adam Josephson: And then, Mark, just one on U.S. box demand, at least through November, it was about flat last year after having been up quite a bit from '16 to '18. Over the past decade, it's flat or so. So what do you think, just, I guess, forget about longer term, but what are you expecting this year? Do you have any reason to think this year, Mark, will be much different than the flattish we saw last year for any particular reason?
Mark Sutton: Yes. We look at a lot of economic leading indicators that correlate very nicely with box demand. We built our own internal International Paper model and it was reasonably accurate for last year. We see a little bit of growth this year. But I think when you look at what came out today on the GDP number and you think about box demand occasionally, it'll track GDP, but largely in the way the U.S. economy is configured, it'll always lag that a little bit. So a 2% year, roughly, is what it looks like 2019 was and you'll end up with a box demand that for the inventory issues we talked about that occurred at the end of '18 in our customers' world, you end up with a little bit of a disconnect from GDP. I think without that inventory issue, I think you probably saw 1.3% to 1.5% box demand in '19 against a 2% GDP. And I think the reason that didn't happen is some of the '18 kind of stronger demand was really '19. We made boxes in '18 for our customers who didn't ship the product to well into '19.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: First, on the outlook. You noted that it includes the impact of 2019 price carryover in January containerboard index adjustment. Does that mean that it doesn't include any other potential changes, and so pricing is effectively kept flat from where it is? Or is that not necessarily a conclusion to draw?
Tim Nicholls: Well, the challenge is we don't talk about pricing on a go-forward basis. So we have carried in all of the carryover from last year to where we currently are. We have included the $10 published down for a containerboard that just happened. And within that range is our view on how we think about price over the course of 2020.
Mark Weintraub: I understand. Also, the inventory valuation impact in packaging and paper, could you specify those for us?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, both of them are to do with LIFO. And as you know, we go through the year looking at how a number of factors are going to play out over the course of the year, and we're making estimates about what the LIFO charge is. As you get to the end of the year, you're truing up all of those. In the case of papers, we had overestimated our benefit, where we thought we were going to be earlier in the third quarter, and it actually ended up in a worse position. So we had to make that true-up and just the opposite on the containerboard side. As you go through the year, it's not a precise science, and we're putting our best estimates based on business conditions. And as forecast factors change, then we have to make sure that we've [indiscernible] it up to the appropriate amount at the end of the year.
Mark Weintraub: Understood. And can you share with us what the adjustments in the fourth quarter were in the segments?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think we did. It was $15 million in papers, and it was around $40 million in Industrial Packaging.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And then lastly, on the box shipments. So it sounds -- is the win that we should get from not having, hopefully, any inventory destocking this year, in the 0.5% to 1% range, would you say? And also, could you let us know how January had played out?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I know there's a lot of calls today, Mark. Right now, January looks like it's somewhere between 1% and 2%. We're late in the month and you say, well, shouldn't you know better? But we don't really have a final number until we go through the close process and see how shipments actually came in. But we're seeing some of the wins that we talked about in the third quarter actually coming through in our North American container business. So we feel good about that. On the export containerboard side, we referenced inventory levels having returned to normalized levels late last year. But in some places, in some markets, our view is that inventory levels are low. Demand is very good right now. And so in the export markets, we think it's normal to skew on the lower side for inventory levels.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Connelly of Stephens Inc.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. We've obviously seen you take quite a lot of downtime without the sort of cost drags that would have been evident in the past. So clearly, all the work on the supply chain is working. I'm curious if your experience over the past year is leading to more changes? And if, in effect, you're getting more efficient at taking that downtime?
Mark Sutton: Well, it's a great question, Mark. And I would say the short answer is yes. We took a level of downtime in containerboard last year that we haven't taken before. So we were able to do it a little more efficiently, primarily because of some of the investments we made in the '14, '15, '16 time frame. We also learned a little bit more about how to better manage the transportation component when we know we're going to take downtime and the wood fiber component. So I think we're actively learning how to manage our output to meet our customer demand across multiple facilities a little bit better each year. '18, we ran everything wide open, and there was none of that work being done because we almost couldn't make enough product for all channels that we serve. And we actually added costs in some cases to make that incremental amount. So I think last year afforded us an opportunity to really try to use the benefits of all the investments we made, both capital and noncapital in systems and so forth in the supply chain. So I would say, yes, we are continuing to learn how to do that better.
Mark Connelly: That's helpful. And one more question on pulp, and I'm sorry to keep bugging on this question, but fluff markets have been tracking commodity markets a lot more closely in the last couple of years, and that's not normal. So what has to happen, say, in the medium term? Sometimes when markets get soft, contract terms get squishy, and you start to increase that volatility. Is it going to take longer to get back to that normal because we've got a cleanup contract messiness?
Mark Sutton: I think, Mark, that's a great question. I think two main things going on with the connection between fluff pulp and the broader commodity markets. One is the shape of the curves on pricing, for example, are similar, but there's still a pretty healthy differential between the two, as there should be. There's a level of capacity in the market because fluff is still a relatively small market in terms of the other markets. It's about six million tons. There's about 15% capacity that can move in or out of the lower ends of fluff, based on what's happening in commodity pulp. The same producer has a choice. We don't have any of that capacity, but others do. And so it's a meaningful flex capacity that just needs to be absorbed as the market grows. Over time, I think that will buffet things a little bit better. And then, of course, any time you have these kind of conditions, you end up with contract terms and agreements that's probably not sustainable long term. So there is some of that, that has to be done. But this flexible capacity that can make softwood market or softwood absorbent is meaningful enough that in soft demand for market pulp or lower, lower price environments for market pulp, it ends up showing up just in enough at the margins to create some issues on the absorbent side.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Just a couple around capital reallocation. Obviously, with the recent cellulose fiber acquisition, they're writing off the goodwill and the challenges in the pulp market. Just wondering, in aggregate, does that make you less likely or a little bit more gun-shy about doing large M&A? I think some of your comments sort of alluded to really just focusing on smaller bolt-on deals. And then just sort of related to that, it seems like the leverage is set to move higher with the lower EBITDA guidance in 2020. So should we assume that kind of the focus, the priority for the near-term is more on preserving the balance sheet as opposed to share repurchase and things like that?
Mark Sutton: I think on the first part of your question, Brian, the large M&A is not a focus right now because it's not necessary for International Paper. We've got a great company. We've got the ability to improve the businesses we have. We've done a lot of large M&A in the past, and it's now time for us to optimize this and to profitably grow the target businesses, which don't require large M&A. So the second part of your question, I think we'll see how the year plays out. But the combination, I think we put it on our chart, of debt repayment and share repurchase is a constant discussion in the company about which channel through our capital allocation framework to flow that cash. We have an outlook. We're sitting here in January, but we really don't know how the year is going to turn out. And it could be better or it could be not as good, and we'll make the decisions. But obviously, maintaining that balance sheet, investment grade, as Tim said, is an absolute priority, and we'll make the cash flow adjustments we need to make sure that happens.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. And the only thing I would add is we have been very clear about our commitment to the balance sheet and how we would manage that. We've been very clear about our approach to returning cash to shareowners. I think Mark's right. It's dynamic. So we have to see how markets and results play out. We never viewed that we would be within the 2.5 to 2.8 times 100% of the time. We always thought that there could be reasons. But we don't want to be extremely wide of those, and we don't want to be there for long. And so we have a very strong commitment to support the credit rating that we have. We also are looking at share repurchase and making sure that we are returning value to shareowners. It'll be dynamic.
Brian Maguire: And then my last question is just more of a longer term, a bit of an open-ended question. Obviously, 2020 EBITDA is a bit cyclically depressed. You're cutting back on capex a bit, some of the growth in productivity projects. I guess the question is, beyond 2020, where should we think about earnings growth coming from beyond price increases. In other words, if we don't get any movement higher in pricing beyond 2020, where would be the drivers of earnings growth from there?
Mark Sutton: I think the earnings growth will come from beyond any market pricing moves is the commercial investments we've made on new products, better mix and growing our business in the segments that are growing the most. And that's a true statement for our box business as well as our cellulose fibers business. And then there's a healthy dose of constantly looking at our cost structure and improving that over time.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Just two questions. I'm going to ask them together. Are you happy with your current European footprint? I know you aren't targeting any major M&A as you outlined earlier, but I'm just curious of your overall position there and how you feel about it. And then secondly, could you characterize any major differences that you're seeing with the way that your customers in Europe versus the US have needs as they relate to their sustainability efforts?
Mark Sutton: So I think the first answer is, yes, we are happy with our footprint. There are some issues that we're trying to sort out around whether they're structural or cyclical, like the market in Turkey, for example, which has been good and not so good over time. But we do like the business format we have, which is now that we have a large high-performance mill in the mix. And so we're continuing to look to improve that business from its core. And then on sustainability, I just think Europe tends to be a year or two ahead of this market in sustainability initiatives, and it's largely partly due to regulation and partly due to just the consumer and the mindfulness of the consumer. But I think Europe is a good leading indicator for a lot of things that we learn there, we are able to prepare for here, but it might be a year or two later. But I think that the role fiber packaging is playing in helping customers in various market segments with their sustainability story -- the fact that we've got renewable natural resources, recyclable products and our energy is generated from carbon neutral biomass is playing very, very heavily and well with our customers. So before we sign off, I just want to wrap up a couple of key points that we talked about. Our focus for this year and beyond is delivering on the commercial wins. We've made a lot of investments in talent, approaches, equipment, innovation, and that's what we're focused on, on the commercial side. We're looking at the levers we discussed today to generate free cash flow. We'll get to a strong free cash flow year by year by year, slightly different ways but what you can count on from IP is to deliver it. We believe our core businesses have solid long-term fundamentals. There'll always be some cyclicality. We're seeing some of that now. But the fundamentals of what we make in boxes and what we make in our fluff pulp and the role that our paper business plays are solid and we believe in them for the future. And I think some of the things we talked about today, commercially, operationally, give us momentum as we navigate through the year of 2020. And I feel good about where we are as a company, strong balance sheet, as I said outstanding customers and outstanding people. And the ability for a year like 2019 to still show us that we can generate strong free cash flow, share it with our investors, make smart investments and the company gets stronger every year. So with that Guillermo, I'll turn it back over to you.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, again, for joining International Paper's fourth-quarter earnings call. As always, Michelle and I will be available for your follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's International Paper Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Day Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, you will have an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2019 earnings call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide two, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of our third quarter 2019 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim JV and Graphic Packaging investment, slide two also provides context around those financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We will begin our discussion on slide three. International Paper continues to deliver solid earnings and outstanding free cash flow. Our results again demonstrate the strength and resilience of our cash generation and the flexibility of our company to navigate well in a challenging environment. Demand in the quarter was mixed. North America packaging improved seasonally, largely as we had expected. However, export containerboard and pulp shipments faced pressure from continued supply/demand imbalance. Operational performance was strong. We took full advantage of our manufacturing and supply chain expertise and managed cost well in our three businesses. Taking a look at our cash. Through the first three quarters, we generated $1.8 billion in free cash flow and returned nearly $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And we also used $400 million for debt repayment. Earlier this month, we increased our dividend for a 10th consecutive year, reinforcing our policy of a strong and sustainable payout of 40% to 50% of free cash flow, which is an important part of our capital allocation strategy and a brief update on our portfolio. Yesterday we announced the completion of the sale of our controlling interest in the papers business in India. We are now passive investors with minority ownership of a company which we intend to fully exit. I want to thank our team in India for their dedication and wish them well in the future. Continuing with our third quarter performance on slide four, we leverage the flexibility of our system, operated well and controlled costs to deliver $1 billion of EBITDA and margins of 18% in the third quarter. Revenue was down 6% year-over-year due to the impact of lower pricing in our packaging and pub businesses, especially in our export channels. Our equity earnings were $27 million, which includes $18 million from our Ilim joint venture and about $10 million from Graphic Packaging. Ilim equity earnings were largely as expected and they reflect the impact of lower softwood pulp prices into China. Free cash flow in the quarter was very strong at nearly $600 million. Through the third quarter, we have generated free cash flow per share of $4.43, compared to just under $4 per share for the full year in 2018. Now I'll turn it over to Tim, who will cover our business performance and our fourth quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Great. Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide five, which shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share bridge. Price/mix was a headwind mostly due to the impact of prior index movements in North American packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers, as well as the flow-through of lower prices for export containerboard. Volume improved modestly in the third quarter, driven by higher seasonal demand in North American packaging, as well as improved containerboard exports. This was partially offset by lower seasonal demand in our European packaging business. Operations and cost performance was strong. We continue to optimize our mill and converting networks as we match our production to our customers' needs. We did experience $10 million of additional costs in the quarter related to Hurricane Dorian, mostly in our cellulose fibers business. Maintenance outage costs were favorable, and input costs were better due to lower fiber costs across our businesses and geographies. Corporate expense and taxes were higher in the third quarter with an effective tax rate of 27% compared to 25% in the previous quarter. Most of this was related to adjustments to the federal tax provision after finalizing our 2018 tax return. I'll now turn to the segments and start with Industrial Packaging on slide 6. Our business performed well and the North American business earned $525 million with margins of nearly 23%. Across the segment, price and mix was unfavorable, mostly on the impact of prior index movements in North America, and realization of lower export containerboard pricing. Volume was flat. Improved volume in North American packaging and containerboard exports was offset by seasonally slower demand in Europe as well as weaker demand in our packaging business in Turkey. In North America, box demand improved seasonally. We had strong double-digit year-on-year growth in e-commerce and the protein segment continues to perform well. Process food improved modestly, but beverage, nondurables and durables remain weak. In October, we've seen a slight pickup in demand. Overall, we're confident in our commercial outlook and the trajectory of our growth as we move into the coming year. The segments we serve, our customer portfolio and recent business wins add to our confidence. Containerboard export shipments also improved in the third quarter, although a bit less than we expected. Underlying demand was actually pretty good, but customer inventories took longer to draw down. Operational performance was strong. We leveraged the flexibility of our system and control costs effectively to mitigate the impact of economic downtime in the quarter as we adjusted production to meet our customers' needs. And finally, wood and recovered fiber costs were favorable versus the prior quarter. I'd like to come back to containerboard exports for just a moment on slide 7 and give you a regional view on how we see things shaping up. Underlying demand has improved throughout the year generally as we expected, while inventories took about a quarter longer to normalize than we anticipated and have pressured shipments through the first three quarters. Summarizing the regional dynamics. In Latin America, more favorable weather conditions are contributing to better crop harvest for bananas and other agricultural products that require kraftliner to go to market. In Europe, customer inventories took essentially three quarters to normalize while demand improved modestly. Shifting to Asia. In China, demand remains sluggish as tariff uncertainties linger. And in other regions in Asia, demand is mixed, although customer inventories are back to normal levels. The takeaway here is that we expect export containerboard shipments to continue to recover, and we are seeing this in October. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers on slide 8. Third quarter results were impacted by lower prices across all regions, which was partially offset by better mix on improved fluff pulp shipments. Volume improved by $4 million, also driven by improved fluff pulp shipments in the quarter. Supply/demand conditions remain challenging. And although we see better customer demand, overall industry inventory levels remain high and trade and tariff uncertainties continue to weigh on China demand. Against this backdrop, we continue to focus on optimizing our system and controlling costs. We ran well and successfully mitigated some of the impact of Hurricane Dorian in the quarter. Operations and cost also includes the impact of economic downtime as we adjusted production to meet our customers' demand. Input costs improved by $6 million. Printing Papers on slide 9. Overall, the business performed well and delivered earnings of $162 million in the quarter. Across the segment, price and mix decreased mostly due to lower pricing for exports from our Latin American and European Papers businesses. Volume was essentially flat. The seasonal demand pickup in Latin America was a bit less than we anticipated, and lower volume in India fully offset increases in other regions. In our North American business, we had strong performance in cut size as we continue to ramp up new customer business. However, performance in the roll business was weak due to challenging conditions in commercial printing. In Latin America, supply and demand conditions are challenging as we enter the fourth quarter due to pressure from pressure from imports, especially from Asia. In North America, underlying demand is decreasing within our expected range of 3% to 4% annually, while the level of imports decreased in the quarter. Operational performance was very strong. We ran well and controlled the cost across the system. In North America, we also benefited from a favorable LIFO inventory revaluation of about $10 million. And input cost improved on lower hardwood cost in North America. On Slide 10, the Ilim joint venture delivered operating EBITDA of $113 million and an EBITDA margin of 24% before foreign currency charges. Earnings were impacted by lower export pulp prices as well as the completion of the highest maintenance outage quarter of the year, which also affected volume in the quarter. Equity earnings were $18 million and were impacted by a non-cash foreign charge on Ilim's U.S. dollars denominated net debt, of which IP's portion was $4 million in the quarter. So, let's turn to the outlook on Slide 11. I'll start with Industrial Packaging where we expect price and mix to lower earnings by $45 million on the impact of prior year index movement in North America and export price flow-through as well as the negative mix impact of export volume recovery. Volume is expected to improve by expected to improve by $25 million on improved demand in North America and continued export containerboard recovery. Operations in costs are expected to lower earnings by $15 million due mostly to non-repeats of positive items in the third quarter. Staying with Industrial Packaging, lower maintenance outage expense is expected to improve earnings by about $45 million and input costs are expected to remain stable. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to lower earnings by $30 million on the impact of prior index movement. Overall, volume is expected to be stable with higher fluff volume offset by lower market pulp. Operations and costs are expected to be flat sequentially with the non-repeat of the hurricane impact being offset by higher seasonal energy cost and inputs are expected to remain stable. Moving to Printing Papers, we expect price and mix to lower earnings by $25 million, mostly in our North American and Latin American businesses. Volume is expected to improve by $20 million on stronger seasonal demand in North America and Brazil. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $40 million related to the higher seasonal energy consumption across our papers portfolio as well as the non-repeat of LIFO benefits in the third quarter. And input costs are expected to improve by $10 million on lower fiber cost in North America and Brazil. Lastly, under equity earnings, you will see the outlook for the Ilim joint venture. Slide 12 summarizes our full year outlook. As we continue to perform well in uneven global environment, our focus is on free cash flow generation and executing our framework for capital allocation. For the full year, we expect EBITDA of $3.8 billion and we expect free cash flow to be $2 billion. On capital allocation, through the third quarter, we've returned about on $1.1 billion to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases and we've used another $400 million to strengthen our balance sheet. And earlier this month, we also increased our dividend. Looking ahead, you can expect our capital as allocation choices to be consistent with our framework. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks Tim for covering the details on the quarter and for the outlook. As I always do at the end of our call, I'd like to just close with a few thoughts about the company and quarter. Our solid earnings and outstanding free cash flow in the third quarter, I think, again, demonstrates that we built a really resilient company that can perform well in just about any environment. And while the U.S. economy remains healthy, we've been managing through some inventory headwinds and broader trade tension that are impacting our exports. That said, our focus at International Paper is to execute well and maximize results in any environment. For us, that means being relentless about our pursuit of long-term value creation for our shareowners by focusing on free cash generation and executing our capital allocation strategy with that free cash flow. And for our businesses, that means managing well what we can control, exceeding our customers expectations and strengthening our value proposition, making sure we optimize the full value chain and running our manufacturing network well and leveraging the strength and flexibility of our mill and converting systems. When we put all of this together, we perform well and generate very strong free cash flow. Our free cash flow per share is up year-over-year. Our strong execution in the company's LIBOR allows us to raise our full year 2019 free cash flow year 2019 free cash flow outlook to $2 billion. We had unique capabilities to drive to just about any challenge we may face. Most importantly, we have the people, the innovation, the products and a low-cost high quality system to succeed with fantastic customers. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mark Wilde, BMO Capital markets.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning Mark, good morning Tim.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Timothy Nicholls: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Mark, just kind of staying on the free cash flow theme, I wondered, if you are in a position to give us any thoughts on the sort of CapEx as we move into kind of 2020 and kind of wrapped up with that. What do you think the proper kind of maintenance CapEx is for IP kind of across the cycle? I think you're about 70 to 80 of maintenance capital for this year?
Timothy Nicholls: Hey, Mark, its Tim. It's a good question. We are still -- we're getting close, but are still finalizing what 2020 is going to look like and we'll report that out when we release fourth quarter earnings. Question on maintenance capital, depending on the schedules, these are big pieces of equipment that have different time lines. So are always looking to make sure that we are being balanced by what an asset needs, but also recognizing that there is flexibility in timing. And we're always looking at how we can do it for less money in terms of outage schedules, how we use contractors, how we use our own labor. So it can go up and down, but there is some flexibility there that we can realize over time.
Mark Sutton: So I would just add to what Tim said, Mark. One of the objectives we shoot for on the whole maintenance subject and as we look at that is protecting today's cash flows and making them sustainable, there's the CapEx piece, but there's also the expense piece. And what we try to do is make sure we use our resources effectively, so we lower the total cost of maintenance. And it's all cash, and we try to lower the total cost. So if the CapEx solution can solve a recurring maintenance expense issue, it's probably the right thing to do to go ahead and eliminate that issue. So we really do look at it holistically.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then just to follow-on, Mark. You did call out an overhead reduction of about $20 million and I don't recall having heard about that initiative before. So perhaps you could give us a little color on that and what the trajectory might look going forward?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, it's Tim again, Mark. I’d just say its kind of normal practice. We had some charges last year due to restructuring. We're always looking at how we deploy across the organization for what we need to run the business and try to get better and do it at a lower cost with better processes. So there's initiatives underway. We don't promoted them. We don't talk about them broadly, but its just continues improvement and trying to make sure that we don't spend any money that we don't need to. So that's really the charge in the third quarter. And the charges in the third quarter, because we know where there is going to be impact, the savings from that charge will play out over a series of quarters as we implement.
Mark Wilde: Very good. I will turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly, Stephens Incorporated.
Mark Connelly: Your price cost performance in the containerboard was excellent again, despite all the down time. Is there any reason you would change the way you manage that downtime if we have to continue at the sort of levels? I'm just wondering if there's things that you do that work in the short run, but that you don't want to do longer term to keep those level of performance so high?
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Mark. I think the way we try to look at it on the output of our system, especially containerboard given its so large, as we look at things that are structural versus cyclical, and obviously, if you that there are structural changes in the amount of containerboard, we needed to supply all of our box customers and open market customers, then you probably do some things differently. But right now, we believe we built the system, through the last few years by integrating warehouse and integrated temporary then kind of normalizing our capability at the mills and taking a real focused view on marginal cost that we have lack of a better term, we have a throttle on the company We can run wide open, we can run less than wide open, and we can shed certain types of costs and variabilize a lot of things that used to look fixed. So for us its whatever we believe about the near term and long term growth and the fundamentals in the industry and right now we see what's happening right now is mostly cyclical, not structural.
Mark Connelly: Okay. The performance there has really been excellent and the throttling effect is clearly massively different than what you've been able to do historically. My second question is a simple one. You are dealing pretty well with the challenges in the pulp market. Are you seeing any difference in the way customers are thinking about contract terms in terms of pass-throughs or anything else?
Mark Sutton: I think there’s always some discussion on how the commercial arrangements are constructed. When you’re in the moment of the excess pulp supply, sometimes customers do want to revisit the way contracts are structured. Usually the conversation goes to a normalized period and not just a cyclical high or low. So there's always discussions on that, Mark. And I am able to say one thing. What we're seeing in the targeted markets we have, which is the absorbent products, it really is becoming very customer-specific and what type of economics, they're looking for based on their go-to-market strategy for that baby diapers and the other products. And they’re not all the same and years ago I use to see much more of a similar approach or desire by most customers. But we are seeing it segment into unique commercial types of conditions.
Mark Connelly: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Hey, Tim, hey, Mark, I thought I heard you mention during your prepared remarks that there were some recent win, I think you mentioned related to the containerboard business. If you could comment a bit more in detail, if there's something that we should keep in mind there and relatedly, I think you said your business is up modestly in October. But if you provide a bit more color about what you're seeing in the containerboard, especially domestically and then I had a follow on.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, George, it's Tim. It's actually speaking to our box business for were constantly working with customers about innovative solutions and how we address their needs and there is a cadence to these things. They don't neatly follow quarters, even multiple quarter sometimes, but we've been very active this year on -- with our commercial team, talking with customers in some cases, existing, and some cases new. And a number of wins that we've had for the box business that will start coming through over the next few quarters. So that was what I was relating to in the prepared comments. We feel really good about the teams win so far.
George Staphos: Okay. And just related point. How are you doing in July did you say – July and October?
Tim Nicholls: Well, July, I can tell you about that. October was a little bit better. We don't have a clear view on shipments. We have a clear view on what we're processing through our facilities, and so, when we close the month we’ll see how much of that flow directly to customers versus preparing inventories for seasonal demand, especially around e-commerce. But yes, we saw a slight uptick in demand for October and feel good about it. We think it's going to be a good season for the fourth quarter.
George Staphos: Okay. And related question, I'll turn it over. The wins that you’re seeing is there any kind of common denominator in terms of what IP is offering that might be somewhat different than what's being offered in the market? We tend not to hear so much from IP on how your narrowing systems and machinery with your corrugated business, is there any benefit that you’re getting there? Can you just give us a bit more color in terms of why you're winning this business recognizing it doesn’t always come in smoothly? And how sustainable that is going forward? Thank you, guys.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, thank you, George. We do because of our size and where we service customers, we do some of everything, and we do most of them in a very big way, so yes, machinery and yes, all types of innovative solutions. Innovative solutions are really important customer by customer for what they need, not for creating something that tried to go sell across the entire space.
Mark Sutton: I think just to add on that George, the approach we're taking with the large segment that tend to be the faster-growing segment like e-commerce, like protein, some of the things that IP has build over time, our scale and our reliability as a supplier and then bringing some innovation on top of that has allowed us to grow our position with customers that we already have a very large position with and we try to earn at that every single day, every interaction. And I would give a lot of credit, maybe it's not differentiated. I can’t speak for other companies. I would give a lot of credit to the IP people that served these customers. We have employees that are embedded with some of our customers, helping them solve the problems, helping them run package at faster rates. And I think that really works well for us, when we bring the full skills of IP to our customers. When I made my prepared remarks, I said something about leveraging and optimizing the entire value chain, and this is what we mean by doing that. It's not just the product, but it’s how we provide the service and how we give even some of our Human Resources to our customer, our manufacturing team, for example, even go out and help customers in their manufacturing operation if it's applicable.
George Staphos: Very good. It’s very solid quarter. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover, D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks and good morning. I wanted to actually focus on the specialty cellulose business. So first of all, can you just remind us what you thought the mid-cycle earnings or EBITDA potential of the segment was post Weyerhaeuser?
Mark Sutton: So I think what we said on our few quarters ago that we believe that that business had a $600 million EBITDA potential, and we still believe that. We are in a period right now of some disturbances in the softwood pulp market and absorbent pulp is not immune to that. It affects both the pricing and also affects demand. So we believe that, that still an achievable objective. I'll remind you though, Steve, one of the things we stated as a strategy is to have our business at about 85% of our capacity focused on absorbent pulp. So fluff pulp in the specialty grades that are kind of a bubble for fluff pulp and the product continue. We're only about 74% right now. So are making some products, market pulp products and other products that they're not long-term products for us given the North American fiber and cost structure. And the only place we really plan to make nonabsorbent pulp is in our mill in Canada, which makes a high-quality northern softwood. So we got a pretty clear strategic path. We've lost a little bit of time given this kind of softwood supply issue of time given this kind of softwood supply issue globally and the commercial things we talked about globally and the commercial things we talked about from last year. But we are very convinced that this is going to give International Paper the right growth profile. It's a great product line, the types of things that go into, and we believe he can get the business to that point. It's just going to take us all bit of time.
Steve Chercover: Okay. Thanks for the detail there. And I'm not trying to change dramatically -- it looks like we're going to start 2020 from a pretty low point. So I'm wondering are there anything -- any plan you have to do in place to improve results? And are you still being impacted by the commercial slow power or whatever you want to call it that impacted you earlier this year?
Mark Sutton: So the exit rate of 2019, you're right, will put us in a challenging position. And yes, we have commercial initiatives. The good news is we're commercial initiatives. The good news is we're commercial initiatives. The good news is we're beginning to see commercial wins in the targeted customers and grades we want to make and which is the absorbent products, and that will start to come to fruition as we go into 2020. And then there is a lot of opportunity on the cost structure. We have -- essentially we two 2 we have 2 businesses. We have the Weyerhaeuser business we acquired, which is doing very well. It was built for purpose pulp mills. And then we have the IT legacy part of that business, which is largely mills converted from other usage and not yet optimized. And there's still the ability to optimize several of those facilities and get out total cost down. So combination of commercial success, cost and then operating in this environment of supply and demand where pricing returns to more normalized level, all of that should come to fruition. The question is just, how long does it take on the market based stuff? The other things we control and we'll begin working on that as we go forward.
Steve Chercover: Thanks. Hopefully you'll count that as one pump question. I just wanted to ask about the Italian antitrust fine. Is this another situation where you chose to settle as opposed to litigate and are there other folks who were also impacted? Thanks. 
Tim Nicholls: No. It's Tim, Steve. We were acetifying, we're appealing that decision, and so we're recognizing the charge in the moment while we go through the build process.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities. Gabe, your line is open. I'm going to go to the next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Anthony Pettinari, Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. One of your competitors recently called out the capital investment to increase their OCC processing capacity. And I'm wondering for your North American system, are there opportunities to shift from virgin to recycled, given what looks like this potentially a structure lower OCC prize. And then maybe if you could just remind us what your system mix is between virgin and recycled?
Mark Sutton: Anthony, the system mix is roughly 35% recycled fiber. We have -- what we look at is the actual fiber cost through the system to where you actually form that sheet of paper. So we call that fiber to the head box because there's other cost involved. For example, you want to make sure your maximize your energy production in the integrated mills, even if you're blending and recycling fiber. So if look at some of the investments we made over the last few years, we've increased our capacity at 100% recycled mills, and we've increased our capacity at some of our virgin mills that used certain amount of recycled fiber. So we have the ability to do more. But we look at more than just the cost of OCC. It really is the cost of the fiber to the forming part of the equipment that really matters because if you leave more OCC, and it causes you to generate less boiler fuel to make your biomass energy, you have not done anything on your cost. So that's how we look at it.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. No, it's very helpful. And then maybe a related question, pulp and paper recently introduced the recycle liner index. Do you anticipate any commercial impact from this index? And do you the index makes sense? I mean, it seems kraftliner has a pretty standard basis way. Recycled line seems lot that they used to may be quality differences, your thoughts on that?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Anthony, it's Tim. Our belief is the box market is pretty competitive and the market's pretty efficient. And so knowledge -- there's not any new knowledge that's being created here. It's just being represented different way. So I can't speculate on what will happen. It's not hard to tell, see how it plays out. But in one sense, we don't see this as a significant change that's been put in the market.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub, Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. And I'm trying to tiptoe into what's a complicated question. So I realize it may be hard to really answer in this context. But you've mentioned your view on footprint that you look to see whether there are structural changes on the containerboard side to guide your actions, which makes perfect sense. And I guess, one of the things that's been very now exposed, the fall off in demand has really been more weighted to the export business and domestic business. So if kind of focusing on the export business, how confident are you that, that bounces back? And I guess, the two things -- the two variables that play, which maybe great to get your perspective on is, you have the slide where you showed China demand has been pretty weak, which given that they are importing so much less OCC has been somewhat fledgling even recognizing that maybe their economy slower. And then the second part being, you know, there is a reasonably large amount of capacity that's being started up outside of North America. How much of that is the issue for the export business versus what's obviously, again, in a weak macro situation overseas?
Mark Sutton: So you're right. That's a complex question or set of questions, Mark. But I think taking it up a level, the view that we have on containerboard is informed by the view we have on corrugated packaging growth globally. And the role that what we do export kraftliner plays in that, and we still see growth in boxes globally as a preferred method of packaging and we'll see were sustainability and all this discussion to go. But we think it bodes well for fiber-based packaging, which then feeds into a kraftliner growth rate. We used to think it was 3.5%, its probably somewhere in that neighborhood. But for right now, we've seen a demand decline, and we saw inventories built last year. And when you put the two together we have a correction in the year of 2019. We haven't seen any structural that changes the ultimate driver of the containerboard demand which is box demand. And the fact that kraftliner plays a very important technical role or reality role, which is it is the feedstock for the global recovered fiber market. So they really work together, and we still believe and see the future is very bright in corrugated packaging, which informs our view of our containerboard business.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And just – I did – did you give a specific indication on the EPS expectation for this year? I think I may have misheard but did you actually give a number there? Or did I miss here?
Tim Nicholls: We did not.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. I am sorry. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Gabe Hajde with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Thanks for taking the questions. Sorry, about that gentlemen. My question was on the Riverdale conversion down in Selma, and I was trying to maybe see if you could frame up for us the impact to first half of next year. If I recall back the Riegelwood in 2016, I think it caught some of us by surprise the magnitude of differential between taking the mill down and doing the work and then when it ramps back up. I don't know if there's any context you can give us around that.
Tim Nicholls: No. It will be a pretty long outage. There's a lot of work to be done, when we take it down and start making the conversion. I think it's premature to lay that out at this point. We are finalizing what that all looks like next year. I'm sure we'll be able to give some general indications as we report on fourth quarter. But at some point papers will -- the production of Printing Papers will shut down on the machine and then all of the preparations for -- we tried to do as much work on ancillary equipment ahead of time. So that work is done, construction work, but then on the machine itself and related parts of the back-end of the mill, that work will begin early in the first quarter as we've outlined, and so we can give you more insight on that as we report fourth quarter.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you, Tim. And one more, I guess, focusing on the conversion. I've read some pieces different places that the capacity conversion may be more net neutral to capacity, which seemingly imply a shuttering somewhere else. And I was curious – you guys have taken a pretty decent amount of economic downtime this year, how you're thinking about your network and your needs as you see, commercial winds and the corrugated downstream business and what you might need elsewhere in the organization?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. So, Gabe, you may be thinking about is how it relates to white-top liner, but not the system overall. So we run our system based on our customers' needs. So that's where we start from. But this will be incremental available productive capacity. What it's actually going to free up is other facilities that they're currently producing this product to produce other products. One of which has a large position in gypsum facing board and will now be able to grow that position. So, it won't all show up in containerboard necessarily, but gypsum facing board or gypsum facing paper is something that we've been in that market for a long time. We have great customers. We think we provide good products and good service and we really would like to grow that position over time.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson, KeyBanc Capital.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate it.
Mark Sutton: Hi, Adam.
Adam Josephson: Mark, just one on your box demand on the quarter is – call it flat in the quarter. If memory serves, on the last call you talked about your thought that your customers had little down their finished goods inventories quite considerably, and I think you expected somewhat of a pick up in the second half as a result of that. So, did you see that? I'm just trying to square that with the flattish demand and relatedly you talked about e-commerce continuing to grow at double-digit and I'm also trying to square that with flattish demand in the quarter?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. So, Adam, we did not see, to your point, we didn't see to the extent that we thought we would. We did see it in e-commerce. We feel really good about e-commerce. On protein side, we saw good performance. Process food, as I mentioned, was slightly better but not as much as a pick up as we thought it would be. And then some of the other segments, other non-durables, beverage and the like, did not come through the way we expected it to. But we also had in terms of some of these consolidation plays that have happened across the industry, we've had some business lost due to those that happened at the moment in time and then the replacement volume for that comes through on a longer time line, but that's what I was referring to with these customer wins. We feel good about the commercial activity in the quarter that will show up in the coming quarters.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that, Tim. And then just one also on e-commerce, I'm just trying to connect the e-commerce growth with total market growth. So back in 2016 and 2017, obviously, everyone was talking about e-commerce. It was growing double-digit. Box demand was up 2% but it happened to coincide with the economy really, taking up. And now you're still talking about e-commerce growing at double-digit, but you're demand is flat. So I'm just trying to – what do you think the relationship is between your e-commerce growth for the market e-commerce growth in total, box demand growth given the relationship this year seems to have delinked, if you will?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I think it's appearing to be delinked only because we've had some of these losses that I talked about that kind of creates noise in the number. I think you're going to see that reverse itself over the next couple of three quarters. So I don't think anything structurally has changed.
Mark Sutton: I think, Adam, we talked about the box demand kind of trailing GDP by 50, 70 basis points, somewhere in that neighborhood, total box demand. You got a couple of sub-segments like e-commerce that are growing very, very fast, but we've got pluses and minuses in some of the other segments, some of these trade wars and that crimp some of the exporters from the U.S. There's always something going on. But think about the third quarter. GDP 1.9, box demand, 1 5 and so it's possible that e-commerce can be growing double-digit, which it is, and box demand can be a shade below GDP. So I think the GDP number and what drive the U.S. economy, the components of it, are really what we need to look at in terms of trying to understand box demand. And there's obviously some periods where there's three quarters in a row where it attracts perfectly, and then there is some noise in the system. You think about when this noise started, it started to really show up around the time, we started talking about tariffs and trade, and a number of those things. So, I do think this notion of it being right below GDP is still pretty solid.
Adam Josephson: Thanks so much, Mark.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chip Dillon, Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Hi. Good morning and thanks for all the details. I wanted to just pick-up on the whole e-commerce piece again. Could you give us an idea of what proportion today it makes up of your overall domestic U.S. box demand? And it sounds to me, if it's up double-digit, that at least seems to be that it has either at versus flattening with what you've seen in recent years or maybe achieved and accelerated a little bit from what was at least earlier this year when Seok [ph] and other concern seems to suggest that may be the demand growth would slow from e-commerce.
Mark Sutton: Chip, it's in the neighborhood between 5% and 10% of our demand. And you're right, things like Seok until you actually implement those. There's lot of different opinions on how it works. But again, back to the fundamental role, corrugated can play in the supply chain, most of those initiatives we see as if we do our job right and innovate, we see those as more net positives for corrugated box demand than negatives.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And would you say there's been any real change in growth rate as you look at where we are now versus the last couple of years from e-commerce?
Mark Sutton: No. Not really, it's still holding up solid double-digit.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then just two quick ones, as a follow-up. You had caution with the whole China export board side from China, that would seem to be the one that had the most yellow, I would say, on the chart. Is that more from a knowledge that you think it's going to stay weak for an indefinite period or just the fact that the information from China just seems to be so murky, you just can't tell? And then other question is, can you just update us on long-term timing of some of the projects, we've heard about at Ilim in the next several years?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. So the view that we shared in the prepared remarks up on demand and inventory in the region, that's our current view. It comes from a lot of sources. Yeah, there are some reported numbers in places, it's what we see on the ground is we interact with customers for the most part.
Chip Dillon: Okay.
Tim Nicholls: And then on Ilim, the project around containerboard has been approved. It will start going forward. But that's a couple of 2.5 years, three years before anything starts slowing to market.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Debbie Jones, Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones : Hi. Good morning.
Mark Sutton: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie Jones : I wanted to ask about the volume guidance, sequential volume guidance of up $25 million in Industrial Packaging. You typically in the past, we've seen the seasonal move being down at least in the North American business. So I wanted to understand what your assumptions are for domestic box shipments and containerboard going into that? And is this being fully offset, any sequential weakness being offset by expert, is that way to think about it? Or have we reached a point where e-commerce benefited actually making 4Q less having seasonal impact?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I think on the box side, we're anticipating a strong season. We'll see how it plays out. We expect e-commerce to be in a solid place. We are also starting to see export volume and export demand pick up, and so that is going to impact our fourth quarter in a positive way for volume that we did not have in the second and third quarter.
Mark Sutton: I think, Debbie, on the e-commerce question, I think if you look back at the data over the last few years, the past peak in the third quarter dropped off in the fourth quarter has been evening out, because e-commerce would their value proposition have shortened shipping times and people are still active in the fourth quarter. And then it even, to some extent, spilled into the first quarter with the whole return cycle. So there's just been an evening out of the demand, less of the peak, less of the drop off. And that started if you remember right, probably in 2016 and then 2017 it become more even and we continue to see that.
Tim Nicholls: The other thing that may be in your memory, Debbie is just the difference in days, especially last year from third to fourth. We had two less days in the fourth quarter last year versus the third, and we've got one less day this year. So it's a little bit better in than regard.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And my second question is focusing on paper. Could you talk a little bit more about the seasonal uptick in LatAm paper that didn't really materialize as you're expecting in the quarter. And I wanted to understand a bit better the improvement in operations and cost sequentially, you mentioned the LIFO benefit, and I didn’t have any of that my model, just weren’t understand where most of that came from?
Tim Nicholls: Easy on the LIFO, we had a better fit in the third quarter that we don't expect to repeat in the fourth, and so that was what that comes it is about. On the seasonal demand, that didn't pick up. There were some delays in government buying programs around certain segments of Printing Papers in Brazil that came through, but came through late. And the export business, especially around other parts of Latin America where we ship just been pressured from imports and people have plenty of inventory so it's working off inventory position.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks. I’ll turn over.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Maguire, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning Mark and Tim.
Mark Sutton: Hey, Tim.
Brian Maguire: Just wanted to come back to the really strong cost management in the quarter, a lot of moving pieces there, but on slide 30, you talked about some of the input cost trends there. It looks like fiber was a pretty meaningful one. I guess, I'm just trying to square the significant benefit you got from wood fiber, on that lets say the ballpark in $20 million with the average cost over to the right being up 1%, that you're paying. Just trying to figure out how that could have been. And maybe a little bit really to answer these questions earlier, just theorizing maybe you shifted a little bit more of the production over to recycled base from virgin. Is that part of it? Or other factors in there?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. It's Tim. So we've been battling wood cost all year long. If you remember, tremendous amount of rain and wet weather starting late fourth quarter last year and continuing into well into the first quarter this year. So, it's just a matter of being able to access and have availability. And then buy intelligently as we can to maintain the kind of inventory levels, that the mills that we need for wood fiber. It's starting to normalize. We're probably be pretty close to a more normalized cost, as we exit the year, but the wood piece has been a challenge all year long, of course.
Brian Maguire: Okay. So the average cost up 1% or were they actually down versus 2Q, just trying to square that.
Tim Nicholls: Slightly down. We've been managing it down all year long. So, we were really high as we exited last year. And it's been hardwood and softwood. Hardwood has been the one that's been a little bit harder to bring down. Softwood, we've had a greater degree of success faster so.
Brian Maguire: Okay, great. And then adjust for my follow-up. Some of the new box business you called out that will kick in, in a couple of quarters. Just wonder if you could comment on the mixed impact of that, might have on pricing or margins, just how would you describe your business versus the current portfolio and the legacy portfolio?
Tim Nicholls: Could you restate the question? I'm sorry we didn't hear the first part.
Brian Maguire: Yeah. I was just asking about some of the new box business that you called out, taking into the next couple of quarters. Just interested to hear what the mix impact of that would be on the pricing on margin. How would you kind of compare that to maybe just same portfolio of customers?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I think it's probably pretty flat. We're out there winning business on the capability. What we do for our customers? How we service them? The innovation we bring and the quality. So, it's a pretty mix neutral type of equation.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And our final question today will come from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde, BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Tim, I've got a couple of box questions to kind of finish up on. One is we have the Chicago PMI up this morning, which was now more than five points just month-to-month. Can you help us think about, how you think about the relationship between indicators like that and your box business? And then, I got one other question on boxes?
Tim Nicholls: Sure. Yeah. I mean, this is definitely related. I didn't see the numbers; I haven't called out to it yet. Whether it in the moment or there are some time lag. It's sort of manufacturing activity is what drives box demand. So there's got to be relationship there. I don't know if that's a moment in time and then reversion. But, as I said, our volume, we saw pickup in October and we're still anticipating a pretty strong fourth quarter. So, we'll see how it plays out.
Mark Sutton: I think important thing, Mark, on things like purchasing managers index and those things is give it enough time. I mean, we've got a lot of disruption in the supply chain from manufacturing in the U.S., a lot of it related simply to the GM auto strike. And as you've got to let the data to play out but it is an input to many -- to our on demand model.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And the other one I wondered about is just how you think about the impact of new converting capacity, because it seems like there is a lot of new converting capacity coming into the market. Just to name a few, you've got the D Smith and box-propalable building these mega plants in Indiana. France, building -- bringing a lot of capacity into the market. And then you've got some domestic public and private competitors that are also adding kind of a box capacity. So what kind of effect are you seeing in the market from all of this? And how do you think about how it plays out, especially in flat demand or flattish demand?
Mark Sutton: I think the issue with converting is one of the tenants that needs to be, because of the nature of the product, on empty boxes what you're making. It needs to be close to the demand centers. And so what you see sometimes is in our case, we add to learning capacity where we have customers and the desire for it. We may actually have that capacity, but it could be clear across the country and will just not use that capacity and take a shipped out or to do whatever we have to do and then use the capacity close to the customer. So, I can't speak for all these companies that are building or adding. But that's how we think about it is. Converting capacity is that last step in value add and transformation of containerboard into something people actually buy. And for us, it's about capabilities near where our customers and our growth is.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Good luck in the fourth quarter and as we move into next year.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call over to Guillermo Gutierrez for closing comments.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you again for joining International Paper's Third Quarter Earnings Call. As always, Michele and I will be available for your follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you again for participating in today's International Paper Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Day Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's Second Quarter 2019 International Paper Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Mollie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on Slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2019 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investment, Slide 2 also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you joining our call today. We'll begin our discussion on Slide 3. International Paper delivered solid earnings and outstanding free cash flow in the second quarter. Our performance again demonstrates the strength of International Paper to generate strong cash flows and take full advantage of our system flexibility to deliver solid results in a more challenging environment. Taking a look at demand in North America. Our box shipments improved seasonally in the second quarter but were weaker than we expected with sluggish demand in a few of our nondurable and durable goods segments. Uneven global demand and continued customer destocking affected our containerboard and pulp volume in the second quarter. Operational performance was strong and we managed costs well across our businesses while executing our highest maintenance outage quarter of the year. Through the first half of the year, we generated nearly $1.2 billion in free cash flow and returned $810 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Continuing with the second quarter performance on Slide 4. Revenue was down about 3% year-over-year, largely due to the impact of the lower price and volume for export containerboard and pulp. We operated well in the quarter and controlled cost effectively to deliver $948 million of EBITDA and continued strong margins. Our equity earnings were $80 million in the quarter, which includes $67 million from our Ilim joint venture and $13 million from our investment in Graphic Packaging. Free cash flow was $732 million in the second quarter, and this does include cash dividend of $239 million from our Ilim joint venture. I'll now turn it over to Tim who will cover performance across our business sectors and our third quarter outlook. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Great. Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 5, which shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share bridge. As Mark said, we delivered solid earnings in the second quarter while navigating through a more challenging environment. Price and mix decreased mainly due to lower prices for containerboard and pulp, which was partially offset by increased prices in our North American papers business. Volume increased on seasonally stronger demand in our North American packaging and Latin American papers businesses, which was partially offset by lower export containerboard volume. Operations and cost performance was strong. Our mills performed well in our heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year and we executed downtime efficiently. Input costs were favorable with lower fiber and energy cost across our businesses. I'd note that wood costs were favorable quarter-over-quarter after a steep run-up in 2018 and early 2019 due to severe wet conditions in the Southern U.S. Corporate and interest expenses were favorable and taxes were as expected at about 25% effective tax rate in the quarter. Lastly, equity earnings were $0.09 lower sequentially, which include the $0.03 quarter-over-quarter drag from the noncash FX impact on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt. I'll now turn to the segment starting with Industrial Packaging on Slide 6. Our business performed well against an uneven demand backdrop. Price and mix were favorable mostly due to lower export pricing, which was partially offset by improved margins in our European packaging business. Volume in our North American box business improved seasonally, but as Mark mentioned, we saw weaker-than-expected demand in the second quarter. I'll provide a little color on that in just a few minutes. In general, export containerboard volume was also weak with inventory destocking and lower demand in the Middle East and Asia. Operations and cost performance was strong. We ran well, we managed costs effectively to mitigate the impact of downtime in the quarter. Our performance again demonstrates the strength of our system and our ability to flex production to efficiently meet our customers' needs. We also completed our highest maintenance outage quarter of the year, and we now completed about 80% of planned outages for the year. Taking a look at input cost. Wood, recovered fiber and energy were favorable versus the prior quarter and softwood inventory normalized in the second quarter as we expected. On Slide 7, I'd like to come back to the North American corrugated packaging ban and take a closer look at what we're seeing from our customers. Demand in e-commerce and protein segments was strong. E-commerce continues to grow at double-digit rates as we work closely with our customers to optimize packaging design to meet their specific supply chain needs. Protein, mostly pork, chicken and beef is benefiting from shifting consumer preferences as well as increased export demand. And fresh produce demand has normalized after the late start to the season. Processed food is a large category with many consumer segments. But broadly speaking, demand was softer in the first half of the year. This is in large part due to a drawdown of finished goods inventories for food manufacturers which have trended down since late 2018. We expect customer inventory to normalize as the third quarter progresses, which should lead to improved demand for boxes.  Nondurables, excluding food and beverage, represents about 30% of the U.S. box demand. This is a wide-ranging category with many consumer and industrial products such as agriculture chemicals, resins, plastics, rubber products, paper and printing, towels and tissue and textiles and apparel. Again, a large category for which underlying box demand is closely tied to nondurable manufacturing activity, which has been soft in the first half of the year. The weak demand we've seen does have some secular elements such as printing and writing and environmental concerns for plastic consumption. However, the broader weakness is driven by high finished goods inventory since we exited 2018 and lower exports due to weaker global demand and ongoing trade tensions. We do anticipate improved demand as the year progresses and nondurable manufacturing recouples with the strength in personal consumption. Taking a look at durable goods. Box demand has lagged the general economy through the first half of the year. This segment includes building materials, furniture and other products for which demand is closely tied to housing starts, which has trailed the strength of the broader U.S. economy in the first half of the year. So no doubt, our box demand has been softer than we expected coming into 2019. When we look at the underlying drivers of box demand, there is a disconnect between otherwise healthy consumption, expenditures for nondurable goods and demand for corrugated packaging that we believe is largely rooted in finished goods inventory levels which continue to unwind. Stepping back for a moment, we are confident that secular drivers such as sustainability, e-commerce and consumer preferences will continue to drive healthy growth for corrugated packaging over the long term. More importantly, International Paper is well positioned. We have the scale and footprint to serve just about every corrugated segment in a material way, and we apply our vast network of packaging design and innovation expertise to understand and exceed our customers' needs. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 8. The effect of price and mix lowered earnings by $32 million in the second quarter due to continued trade and tariff uncertainty and persistently high inventory levels. Given that this business mostly serves export markets, today's trade uncertainty certainly weigh on us. Taking a look at underlying demand, we continue to see growth in softwood and absorbent pulp even as trade and inventory destocking pressures supply/demand dynamics. Operations were strong and we managed our cost well. We did have a $10 million insurance recovery in the second quarter related to Hurricane Florence last September. We executed our high maintenance outage quarter well and have completed 80% of our planned outages for the year, and input cost improved $10 million on lower softwood and energy costs. On Slide 9, I'll turn to Printing Papers. Our North American cut size business performed well. We're ramping up shipments with new customers, and realization of previous price increases are following through as expected. Our roll business is more challenging due to weaker commercial printing demand and increased imports. Taking a look at underlying demand for uncoated free sheet in North America. Through June, demand was down about 3%, which is in line with our view of about 3.5% secular decline. In Brazil, we had stronger seasonal volume and cut size as expected, however, demand for offset was weak due to delays in the government textbook program, which started in June but was about 3 months later than the normal start. Overall, the business performed well and we executed the heaviest planned outage quarter of the year. Looking at Ilim on Slide 10. The joint venture delivered solid commercial and operational performance in the second quarter with EBITDA of $222 million and EBITDA margins of 40%. EBITDA was sequentially lower driven primarily by lower average pulp prices and higher planned maintenance outage expense in the quarter. Equity earnings were $67 million and benefited from a noncash foreign exchange gain on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt, of which IP's portion was $7 million or about $0.02 per share in the quarter. Now in terms of the outlook on Slide 11. Overall, we expect lower price and mix, improved seasonal volume and export shipments, lower planned maintenance outages and lower input cost. Now I'll take you through the changes business by business. So let's start with Industrial Packaging where we expect price and mix to lower earnings by $110 million on the impact of prior year index movement in North America and export pressure. Volume is expected to improve by $20 million on seasonally stronger demand in North America and improved export volume. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $15 million due to higher seasonal labor cost in our North American box system. And also within Industrial Packaging, lower maintenance outage expense is expected to improve earnings by $68 million while input costs are expected to improve by $10 million on lower fiber and energy costs. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to lower earnings by $45 million. Operations and costs are expected to lower earnings by $20 million due to the non-repeat of the second quarter insurance recovery and higher unabsorbed fixed costs. Lower maintenance outage expense is expected to improve earnings by $52 million and input costs are expected to improve by $5 million on lower wood costs.  Shifting to Printing Papers. We expect price and mix to lower earnings by $20 million, mostly related to export pressure in Latin America and geographic mix. As an offset to this, volume is expected to improve $20 million on seasonally stronger demand in North America and Brazil and lower maintenance outage expense is expected to improve earnings by $33 million. To recap, planned maintenance outages, as expected, we completed about 75% of our outages during the first half of the year. Details by business and quarter are included in the appendix. And lastly, under equity earnings, you will see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture, which includes $10 million higher maintenance outage expense versus the second quarter. If we look at the full year on Slide 12. On the demand side, we entered the seasonally stronger second half of the year in our North American packaging business. We're also seeing improved shipments for containerboard exports to all major regions as inventory destocking progresses and underlying demand improves. In Global Cellulose Fibers, underlying demand for bleached softwood kraft and absorbent pulp is growing. However, we continue to see a difficult environment as we enter the second half of the year due to trade uncertainties and high industry inventory levels. And our paper business is performing well. We're ramping up cut size business with new customers and for the full year expect to see benefits of recent price increases in North America. Outside of North America, we are seeing increased pressure in export markets and our Latin American business. Against this backdrop, our revised forecast includes the impact of prior index moves in North American packaging as well as the impact of lower realized prices for export containerboard and for our pulp business. For the full year, we're projecting EBITDA of $3.9 billion and free cash flow of $1.9 billion. Our outlook demonstrates International Paper's strong and resilient free cash flow. Through the first half of the year, we've returned $810 million to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. You can expect that we will use cash for debt repayment and returns to shareholders in keeping with our principle of maintaining a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade rating. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim, for the details on the quarter and the outlook, particularly given all the moving parts. The way I'd summarize where we are today is our businesses are well positioned and we're operating very well. But clearly, what the market is presenting to us at the current time has lots of ripples to it. There's no question we're operating in a more challenging environment this year relative to 2018. Through the first half, International Paper has been able to navigate very well, delivering results better than might be expected in this environment, including a strong level of free cash flow generation, and this didn't occur by happenstance. Instead, our results are the product of the work we've done to improve our portfolio, we've established advantaged positions with low-cost flexible manufacturing systems and we have a laser focus on customers. As we enter the second half of the year and face continuing challenges, we are well positioned to navigate through them as we work on further improving our company. Our focus is on the free cash flow generation, which is the basis of shareholder value creation. Our expectation for free cash flow generation is strong at $1.9 billion. This enables us to further improve our balance sheet and return cash to shareholders. I'm confident that the company we build will allow us to succeed in practically any set of conditions at any point in time. I think about International Paper's future often. And given our company's longevity, sometimes my view of our future is prompted by an important event from the past. The Apollo 11 lunar landing 50th anniversary media coverage that we've seen over the past week is an example of this. I remember watching the live TV coverage on July 20, 1969, on my eighth birthday. We were leaving that day on a family vacation, but we were all glued to our black and white television watching. What I didn't know at the time and only learned recently was that IP had an important connection to that broadcast. 2 weeks prior to the mission, the sole sponsor on CBS reduced its support, and International Paper stepped in to sponsor 1/3 of the live broadcast on the lunar landing and moonwalk day. 50 years ago, we could not dream of using the phone in our pocket to honor almost anything and have it safely to our homes in a corrugated box. Disposable diapers were just beginning to gain traction with consumers and have led to other absorbent products that make people's lives better. Just imagine the role renewable, sustainable fiber-based products will play in the future. For International Paper, the products, ideas and services we provide to our customers in more than 80 countries around the globe truly make a difference in people's lives every day. As a company, we've had many milestones during our 120-year history to be proud of, but I'm just excited about the ones that are ahead of us. As the world continues to change, and we know it will, International Paper remains resilient and committed to improving people's lives, the planet and our company's performance. So with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is going to come from the line of Chip Dillon, Vertical Research.
Clyde Dillon: The first question I have is if you could just talk a little bit about how the conversion at Ash [ph] in Alabama is going -- at Riverdale, I should say, at that mill and how you see that start up. And then as we look at CapEx for 2020, I know it's early days, but directionally, do you see it going higher or lower than the $1.4 billion you're guiding to this year? And actually, I hate to keep piling on there, but you did lower the EBITDA guide from -- by about $350 million from last quarter, but the free cash flow is only going down $100 million. And so maybe you could help us understand that change, especially since you're not changing the CapEx guidance for this year.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So just on the free cash flow, a couple of things changed as we lowered the guidance. First of all, we were expecting a bigger recovery of working capital and also lower taxes for that matter. So we had some headroom in the $2 billion that we had talked about. We had never quantified that, but we feel good at a real solid $1.9 billion on cash flow. On capital for next year, all of that work is underway at this point and so we're still in the planning stage, and we have typically given that guidance as we report fourth quarter earnings in January, and I expect that'll continue to be our cadence. But I don't see it being higher. We had some big projects over the past couple of years that have pushed the number up a little bit, so I don't see it being higher. The degree to how much lower it will be, we're looking at right now, and we can give you more on that early next year. And then I'll just give you my perspective -- turn it over to Mark, I know that he will want to talk about Riverdale, but I think it's going extremely well. We're still on track. Everything's coming together from my standpoint, the way we expected it to, on the conversion.
Mark Sutton: I would echo what Tim said. We are well down the path of final engineering work. Preconstruction is on plan. The project's being executed very safely. Obviously, we have additional workforce on the project of this size. So, so far, I'm very pleased with the progress that we're making and the schedule that we're on. On the comment on CapEx, Chip, I'd just take you back to the big picture on what we said long term about CapEx is. We look at our capital allocation based off of our EBITDA and hence, the cash from operations and that, that CapEx tended to be around half of that cash from operations to reinvest in today's cash flows, and its facilities we have today, to take structural cost down, to meet any environmental regulations and then occasionally, to make some strategic investments like the Riverdale project or the Madrid mill. And so that at a high level how we think about it. And the balance of that cash then goes back through share repurchases and the dividend. So we don't see a big change in those relative ratios of where we move the cash that we generate from operations.
Clyde Dillon: Okay. Very helpful. And a quick follow-up. We're -- we've been reading about Amazon making some changes to their packaging requirements or requests, and I'd say at least half the boxes I get from Amazon have your logo on the box. I do look. I get funny looks from my wife and others when I'm -- that's the first thing I look for on the box. But how do you see that impacting both the company and the industry, sort of some of these moves to streamline packaging with e-commerce?
Mark Sutton: I think the big picture is e-commerce is growing at a rapid rate as a way of doing commerce for consumers, so that's the first thing. And corrugated plays a really important role in a lot of those supply chain solutions. We've said oftentimes that the packaging environment in e-commerce is built for speed through the supply chain right now, not packaging optimization. But packaging optimization is coming. And the good thing is, not only with that particular company but with most of the major e-commerce players, we are at the table and have a very strong position and are helping them to design. We think the right size and the right type of packaging and the sustainable approach is the right answer for the market. We're not afraid of the changes that occur. The overall segment is going to continue to grow and corrugated is going to play a really important role. And we have the ability to help our customers as they're ready to make changes in the packaging design so that they keep the speed to the supply chain, which the consumer wants, 1-day delivery and so forth, and reduce waste and reduce overpackaging over time. And we have a lot of design capability to do that. So we see it as complementary to what we offer.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari, Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: In containerboard export markets, I think you indicated customers are destocking inventories and demand is maybe improving or expected to improve. Just wondering if you could sort of reconcile that with the price erosion that we've seen in July? And then do you see stabilization or maybe some inflection in export market prices? And then I think last quarter, you provided some detail on where you thought export customer inventories were by sort of global region. I think Europe in particular was quite elevated. Wonder if you could just sort of update that as well.
Timothy Nicholls: Anthony, it's Tim. Yes, the fundamentals seem to be improving more or less as we expected. If you remember last quarter, we had said we think it's going to take a little bit longer and it did. But now we see that starting to turn. If you remember, the agriculture season in Europe was particularly weak last year. This year, it's much stronger. So I think people stocked up more -- for more containerboard than what they ultimately needed, but the strength of the season earlier in the spring and now the big season coming up looks to be very good. Those inventories seem to be -- have been worked through and people are coming back to the market. So I think Europe's improving. Latin America is continuing to be strong. Asia was a little bit weaker, but not to the degree that the European -- region-wise. In terms of price, I mean when you get to this point in a cycle, there's a lot of fluidity. But I guess rather than trying to forecast price, which we wouldn't do, we just say we see fundamentals improving and customers returning to place orders and begin building for this upcoming season, which will be late third quarter or fourth.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. And then the detail that you've given on corrugated demand trends by end market is very helpful. When you talk about other nondurables, I think you said that demand might be impacted by secular trends and you mentioned the decline in print, which I think is understandable, but you also talked about I think environmental concerns around plastic consumption. Just wanted to get any more detail on that comment. Are you actually seeing lower shipments of certain plastic products or is that more of a general comment? Just wanted to follow up on that.
Timothy Nicholls: I think it's more of a general comment. I mean what we would have, we'd probably have to characterize it as anecdotal at this point. But the trend seems to be there from a social standpoint. So probably to a greater degree in Europe where it's getting a lot of air time, but we usually follow Europe on a lot of these trends. And so I think the environmental concerns are starting to pick up, and we'll see what patterns develop over the next few quarters.
Mark Sutton: I think Anthony, the purpose of Tim taking us through that detail was trying to get some perspective from International Paper on what we see through the eyes of our customers in the box market, largely the domestic U.S. box market. And to answer the question or give some perspective on the question, why is demand where it is in 2019 versus what we saw in 2018, and obviously, we know there's a very strong correlation between nondurable manufacturing to the manufacturing to nondurable goods in the U.S. and box demand. And when you dig into that detail, and we serve customers in every one of those segments and Tim ran through some of those, what our customers are seeing is softer demand for their products for certain reasons but no major conclusions on that. Some of it, we believe, for example, the agricultural chemicals example that Tim gave, is really about the amount of rain and flooding and the delayed planting seasons that have occurred in the Midwest. So those products are delayed in their shipping, and some of them may get skipped this year because of the lack of ability to plant in the flooded plains. But that's not demand destruction, that's just life happening. So that was the purpose of that, to give some color around what might explain what we're seeing as a major provider of these products through the eyes of our customers.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly, Stephens Inc.
Mark Connelly: Two things. First, Mark, when you think all about the work that you and your customers are doing on supply chains, do you think there is a shift in the amount of inventory that constitutes healthy? We're at 3.8 weeks, and is that the right level or does it need to go lower? And have you changed the way you think about the relationship between inventories and price stability?
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mark. I think the -- what we've seen is when there's ample logistics and transportation velocity in our own company and our customer supply chain, we see the ability to operate with significantly lower inventories. Last year is an example where the problems in the rail and truck and ship transportation lanes actually caused inventories to go up, partially to compensate for that. That's loosened up a bit now. So I think part of what we're learning -- industrial companies are learning is that the variables aren't fixed anymore and you have tightness in transportation, how fast things flow through that you didn't have in the past, a wide variability on that. And part of it is self-inflicted with U.S. rail companies implementing their scheduled changes, and some of it's just supply and demand in the trucking industry that may never completely be where it used to be. So higher inventories are necessary when the velocity is slower, and lower inventories are possible. So that's going to take a while to figure out what condition are you in and how do you think about inventories and pricing because I don't think it's a single number anymore. I don't think it's this many weeks. It's this many weeks against this backdrop in the supply chain.
Mark Connelly: That's helpful. And one other question. We've clearly seen fluff prices move more closely with commodity pulp prices than they used to. Do you think that's simply the new relationship? Or is that just a function of all the supply and demand disruptions we've been having lately?
Mark Sutton: I think it's the latter, best guess we can look at based on our experience and customers. There's always a certain amount of flexible capacity that can make qualified fluff products or make market pulp, whenever the economics are better and certain parts of the market move in and out. I think China's change in demand and their overall fiber influence on the world is still sorting itself out. So I don't think anything's fundamentally changed other than the softwood fiber market is a little bit disconnected right now, and there are some -- maybe some temporary unnatural flows. And so that has created a little bit more dynamics around specialty fluff -- fluff and specialty pulps that are kind of the top of the pyramid and the more general market grades.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Maguire, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Just to follow on some of the earlier questions on inventory. Just obviously, you took a lot of economic downtime in containerboard and a little bit in the fibers in the quarter. Just wonder if you could kind of characterize where your own inventories were at the end of the quarter and whether you think you'll still need to take some downtime in 3Q to get them back to normal. Or were they in a pretty good spot?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, Brian, it's Tim. We don't disclose what level our inventories are at. Specifically, I would say that at containerboard, we're running our system as we always do. We typically run a very lean supply chain. Disruptions with transportation can cause it to fluctuate a little bit, but we don't like to carry any more inventory than we have to or to serve our customers' needs. I'd say pulp inventories, as you've seen, systematic around the world, are a little bit higher and ours were a little bit higher too. So -- but within line of -- in 1 mill or 2, slightly higher inventory is what we would like to have over some period of time but within a reasonable range in total.
Brian Maguire: Okay. And then just on volume growth trends in corrugated, actually, the box shipments were -- because you noted down 2.1% in the quarter, a little bit weaker than you're expecting. But it sounds like the outlook for the middle of the year, back half of the year, I think most of what I've been hearing has been pretty optimistic. Just wondering if you can comment on anything you're seeing so far in July, if there's a way to quantify any kind of pickup you're seeing and any specific end markets you're seeing some strength in.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. The comments that we made were focused on the second half where we do expect to see pickup. July has been soft. We came out of June, and it's continued more or less in line with how we exited the quarter. But it's one of the slowest seasonal months of the year. It has the holidays at the beginning of the month. And so our expectation is that we get into the seasonally stronger periods. In third and fourth quarter, we will see the pickup that we're expecting.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub, Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: On the customer destocking, would you say we're pretty much at the end of that now or are we still seeing a little bit more of it? And would you be willing to hazard a guess as to the magnitude of impact that might have had on the box business in the first half of the year?
Timothy Nicholls: It's Tim. Let me just start with export, and I think that's where we are seeing a turn. One thing that we did mention earlier, and this is not so much an inventory question, but it is a demand question, the reversal of tariffs into Turkey, which is a large kraftliner containerboard market and a big one for us that we had essentially pulled out of in large ways, has had an immediate effect. The day after tariffs were lowered, we were getting calls for orders. So I think in the export markets, the destocking is running its course and nearing its end on the back of a really strong agricultural season, especially in Europe and some of the tariff relaxation around Turkey has definitely been helpful. On the -- it's a little bit harder to gauge on the box side, and Mark may want to provide some color here. But you're dealing customer by customer with what they're telling you about their position and their demand levels. And so it's anecdotal and it's looking across a lot of customers segment by segment. And it's our best read from the conversations that we're having -- that we've had that a lot of the destocking had seemed to work its way through, and it will depend on demand levels in the second half and then an increase in nondurables manufacturing activities.
Mark Sutton: I think the key sign is going to be, and we see it in some of the subsegments, not in all of them, but when we start to see order pick up, that means the nondurable manufacturing is picking up. And again, there's a lot of segments in there. We see the pickup in some. We don't see -- I mean I think in one of the examples I gave around the chemicals related to crop planting, that's a gap that's going to be hard to recover because the season is passing us by. It's just one example where we don't expect a quick turnaround. But we are seeing positive order pickup in some of the other segments, which means those products are now being manufactured again.
Mark Weintraub: I really appreciate you highlighting the export side first because actually, just mathematically, the decline in export has had a bigger impact on containerboard demand than what we've seen domestically. So just focusing back in on that, are you suggesting that perhaps, as we get things rebounding, we could get the export business back to where it had been? Or do you think it ends up being somewhere between the quite low levels in the first half of this year and the very strong levels we saw last year?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I think for our business and the customer base that we're serving, we think we can get back.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Edlain Rodriguez, UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez: Just one quick one on the printing paper market. Like what's your outlook in the -- on the market in the medium -- no, near to medium term? And also, why do you think it was like so difficult for the industry to hold on into the price increases in uncoated free sheet? And could they have done something better to manage supply/demand and pricing?
Mark Sutton: Edlain, this is Mark. I think overall, we don't see a whole lot of change in the Printing Papers business. We're a large producer in the North American market and in the Latin American market. We don't see a major change in the overall long-term demand trend. There are some ups and downs in that secular decline. And when you have these kinds of issues, when you're raising prices in one region and demand might be slower, for example, in Brazil with their economic challenges, you will then see some products move around. So you got a little bit of imports coming into the U.S. We always expect that depending on economics in other places. And I think all that factors into how pricing flows through and how resilient it is. But we see the business as -- in secular decline but stable and we're operating very well. We've actually improved our position with key customers. And inside of -- grades, like cut size, we've actually grown in the market based on the customers we've aligned ourselves with.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Wilde, BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered if you could just help us with how you think about the economic downtime. If you look at the first half, you took nearly 0.75 million tons. And I wondered, is that coming through just flowbacks? Or have you taken some smaller machines out? And I also wondered if there's a point here where you think about just like indefinitely idling a given mill.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mark. So on the how we do it, we look at our system as a system, and it produces many different grades and types of containerboard based on box design requirements. So they're not all alike or each mill, each unit operation isn't exactly like. So it's a combination of -- and all of our mills have a throttle on them. That's not on, off, so we can run fast, slow, faster than fast like we did last year and we can shut down. And we use all of those tools depending on the marginal cost algorithm that I talked about quite often and whether or not we can combine it with some other things that we need to do, whether or not we can lower our transportation cost, wood cost, take advantage of recovered fiber versus virgin. All of that goes into a marginal cost algorithm that allows us to look over our 16 mills, look over our order book for the coming month or two and then decide with enough time to shed the cost, what to run and at what output level. A lot of it is just running less than full output and balancing to maximize our energy production in the integrated mills and so forth. The second part of your question is hypothetical in the sense that we have the system we need. It's very low cost, it's very capable. And we believe the box market long term and the containerboard market globally is growing. So our view is we have the right capacity in the right places. For today, we don't make those kind of a strategic decisions in 1 year or 1 quarter. We had it for today and we had it for the future, and we feel real good about that. We really worked hard to build a system that, as you can see from the results, can do really, really well in a year like 2018 where we were probably running beyond our capacity and a year like 2019 where we're needing less than 100% of it for a period of time and we've adapted very, very well to it.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then for my final one, I just wondered, Tim, if you can talk about the second quarter Ilim dividend. And I guess what I'm wondering is, a, was a dividend of this magnitude in your planning for kind of free cash flow estimates for the year? And then secondly, does the size of this dividend tell us anything about sort of timing and cadence on the capital projects that have been talked about for Ilim?
Timothy Nicholls: No, I don't think it impacts any of their plans strategically about the types of projects that they're planning. The business is throwing off a lot of cash. So this was just a way of returning it to the investors in the joint venture. We did have it in our -- I think we even talked about it. I can't be 100% sure. I didn't go back and look. But I think we alluded to it on the first quarter call that we knew we were getting it. We had just not received it at that point and then it came through during the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: The first question is really more a point of clarification. And I just want to make sure that I heard it directly. If we go to Slide 11, which is your outlook slide, the operations and costs delta sequentially for Industrial Packaging, was that a $1-5 million negative or a $5-0 million negative? I thought I heard $1-5 million, which in turn would mean that EBITDA, you're forecasting flat sequentially. But if you could provide just some commentary there and remedial math, I guess, that would be helpful, and then I have a bigger picture question.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So George, you're talking about the seasonal labor cost? Just to make sure I heard you correctly.
Mark Sutton: No, the option cost.
George Staphos: The option cost, that delta that you cited.
Timothy Nicholls: It's $1-5 million and driven mostly by seasonal labor cost in the box system.
George Staphos: Okay. So then we're looking more or less flat sequentially in EBITDA 3Q versus 2Q, that would be fair?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes.
George Staphos: Okay. The bigger picture question, and this in part piggybacks on the question that Mark just teed up, recognizing that you don't make decisions on your mill system quarter-over-quarter and you're obviously doing extremely well running the business this year in a choppier demand environment. Is there a practical limit that arise, I don't think you'll give me the timing of that here, in terms of the running to demand? Or can you run to demand as long as you need without any kind of impact on labor, your mill footprint, obviously capacity coming on? When would you have to make some changes? Or would there be a point where you'd have to look at your mill footprint and see what you do from a running demand standpoint? And then the related question, I guess at one point in time, obviously in the last couple of years, you looked at expanding geographically. How would you guide us in terms of your latest thoughts on that? Would cycle timing and macroeconomic play into that? If you can remind us where would that be independent of how you would use that or view that as an opportunity going forward?
Mark Sutton: Okay. That's a lot, George. I'll just...
George Staphos: Last in the line here, so I had to get it all in there.
Mark Sutton: No. It's good. That's a very good use of one question and one follow-up. On how long can you run, look, we talked about it before at a high level. We think we -- our system runs best when we take about 3% of our available capacity out on a scheduled basis to maintain our assets and then about another 3% for flexibility in order to serve because we're making boxes with this stuff. It's a short-cycle business. You need to be able to turn on a dime sometimes. And so running wide open, except when you're down for maintenance, usually results in higher costs and disappointed customers. So if you take 3% and 3%, and you say -- if we run 94% over time strategically, we're at our best. But could we run lower than that for a period of time? And I won't define the periods, you're right, absolutely. And then as we put more technology in our mills, as we put more sensors and we have more predictive maintenance, I think we'll change the equation on that again. And so the labor piece is important but for a different reason than you're probably asking. It is a cost, but we view our labor as a true asset. These are technically trained people that run and maintain our equipment. And so we do everything we can to keep them fully engaged -- paced and fully engaged, whether we're running like last year at a 100-plus percent of our capacity or whether we're running like this year at something less than that because that's a particular part of our value proposition that's really difficult to replace. So we can run at a flexible level for quite some time. But just to give you the high-level way we'd think about it, flexibility, maintenance and then really using our people and our marginal cost algorithm to make the best decisions we can. On the strategic question about expansion, I think every major element of how we would make a decision, including cycle time and the macro conditions, factors into it. But strategic decisions like you're referring to are really about opportunities to create value over the long term by increasing International Paper's intrinsic value. And so if it's an acquisition, then it should be clear that it has strong synergies and a strong return and a complementary industrial logic. If it's organic, strong return and the ability to -- obviously, it's not -- doesn't have the same risk profile, but the ability to generate strong returns immediately with the investment. So the cycle time is important obviously because it affects sentiment, it affects your balance sheet, it affects your cash flow. But I would say all of that is in consideration whenever we contemplate that type of action.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Chercover, D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover: So it's good to hear that e-commerce will continue to be a source of growth, both short and long term, and I had just a couple of questions on that. As we think about the Riverdale whitetop project, was this done in anticipation or maybe in consultation with your e-commerce clients so that products can be placed in high graphic boxes that can also be robust enough for shipping?
Mark Sutton: I think in general, it -- the need for that type of high-quality printable liner was definitely developed in consultation with lots of customers, not just e-commerce.
Steven Chercover: Okay. And make sure it's related on e-commerce. To the extent that some of the smaller packaging might go to pouches, I don't think that plastic is the answer. So are you working on anything that might involve kraft paper?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. We work on almost everything that is fiber related for our customers. And we actually have products that are already in the marketplace that are using essentially what you would refer to as kraft-type paper.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson, KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Tim, just back to the box demand commentary for a moment. Just to make -- so I understand it better, so in the first half, it was weaker than you expected, I guess partly because of weather, partly because of economy, partly because of finished goods inventory destocking. In terms of the latter part, how do you know -- what kind of visibility do you have into your customers' inventory levels because I thought they only kept a few days of a box inventory on hand? So I don't understand how they would be reducing their inventories throughout the first half of the year and then suddenly build it up in the second half. So can you just help me with how much of the first half shortfall was attributable to each of those factors and then why exactly you think there will be an inventory restocking in the second half?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. It's a great question, Adam. I wasn't really referring to their inventories of our product. I was referring to the consumer products that they're making and workings through their own supply chains. So that's really the commentary about destocking as we look at our set of consumer products oriented customer base. And parsing it out and quantifying each one though, I mean it's a variety of those factors where the business is looking at it segment by segment and customer by customer and understanding all of the movements for the 10,000-plus customers that we have, but it's all of the things that you mentioned.
Adam Josephson: Got it. And just on OCC, Tim or Mark, I think you've been of the view in years past that OCC costs were biased up out over the long term. Obviously, we're sitting here at 25-year lows and they're not -- OCC prices don't appear to be moving anytime soon. And obviously, what China is doing is playing a major role in that. Do you have any reason to think that OCC is going to go up much from here? And if it doesn't, what impact do you think that will have on the domestic supply/demand situation, considering how much of the new capacity has been of the recycled variety, not only domestically but also in other markets?
Mark Sutton: Adam, that's a great question. It's a strategic question. You're right, we had -- have and had the long-term view that if you just look at fiber balances around the world where the growing markets are -- tend to need to use recovered paper as their fiber source and the producing regions of the world that are making that virgin fiber that becomes recovered fiber are slower growing. We don't see a major change in that. I think China's position on recovered paper has definitely created a dislocation. The question is how long it lasts. But our long-term strategic view is fiber-based products, especially packaging, are going to continue to grow, which would lend itself to a demand for recovered paper over time. The supply of recovered paper is virgin paper. So if -- in any scenario you can think of, it results in the world taking out virgin paper. In a few months, you've just taken out recovered paper because one is apparent than the other. So I think if you look at the way the system works together, it may take longer and it may not be the time line we had been discussing earlier. But we think over time, the two types of fiber, original tree fiber and its recovered sibling, are going to work hand-in-hand. There'll be some temporary dislocation. What I want is in excess supply, but if the way you solve that is by reducing the original supply, it corrects itself pretty quick.
Operator: Our last question for today will come from the line of Gabe Hajde, Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabrial Hajde: Two quick ones for you. One is, I guess pricing mechanisms are a little more opaque in the cellulose fibers business. And given sort of the decline that we've seen since late 2018, can you talk about how that might flow through? I mean you gave us third quarter obviously, but maybe thoughts on 2020 in terms of how these price declines that we see on this may impact the business. And then maybe bigger picture, appreciating that the long-term growth for those types of products is something in the 2% to 4% range, how do you think that business trajectory could be to get to that $600 million EBITDA figure that you guys had been targeting prior to some of the, I'll call, global malaise?
Mark Sutton: Yes. We're not going to try to project the 2020 pricing, but the growth rate is accurate, what you've talked about in that 2% to 4% range. And we think that this year is the disconnect for the industry and also for our company specifically. But we don't see any reason why with that growth rate and the role that these products play for the consumer, products companies that are making them, that we can't get on that -- back on that trajectory. It's just going to take a little bit longer.
Gabrial Hajde: I'm sorry, Mark. I was more referencing just changes in price that we've already seen, how that plays through from a contractual standpoint given, again, some of the discounting factors that occur as well as timing lags?
Mark Sutton: So the contract pricing is customer by customer, and some of what you've seen in the marketplace doesn't always affect that. And then the balance of the customers that are using indexes -- and it's not as predominant as you would see on the containerboard the side of the indexes, the pricing driver for the discussion. So it's a bit of a different market. And again, not -- I'm not going to pin July or this year, try to forecast what effects, from what has already happened, it's going to have in 2020. It's not appropriate to do that.
Gabrial Hajde: Okay. And then the last question revolves around an initiative by one of the large e-commerce providers to charge folks back for not being qualified for frustration-free packaging or what have you. I think takes effect in a few days. Is it your view -- or have you -- I'm assuming the answer is yes. But maybe elaborate on any magnitude of dialogue that you had with your customers to respond to that. Or do you think that's something that is still on the come when it actually goes into effect and starts to hit people's wallet?
Mark Sutton: I think it's going to be a little bit of both. I think that the amount of products that were designed, the packaging was designed for a retail display, probably isn't capable of navigating the supply chain for e-commerce direct to someone's house. So that packaging will change, and that we see more likely to change more toward the corrugated or micro-corrugated side and we see some benefit there. But I think people got it figured out. There's some tooling costs and there's some design changes, and then the supply chain is complicated. Can you make a product and put it in your package and guarantee that it's going in one supply chain, i.e., e-commerce versus the retail channel? That's not as easy to do for some companies as it sounds. So it will take a while to work through this.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I'll turn the call back over to Guillermo Gutierrez for closing comments.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you again for joining International Paper's Second Quarter Earnings Call. As always, Michele and I will be available for your follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating on today's Second Quarter 2019 International Paper Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for standing by. At this time, we would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2019 International Paper Company Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Holly. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us International Papers First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide two including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of our first quarter 2019 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide two also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning everyone. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3. International Paper delivered solid earnings and strong free cash flow in the first quarter. We performed well against a more challenging demand backdrop especially in our export markets operational performance was strong. We manage costs well and leverage the strength and flexibility of our system in a high downtime quarter. Overall, input costs were favorable in the quarter with lower recovered fiber cost largely offsetting higher wood costs that were caused by the heavy rainfalls in the southern United States. Taking a look at demand in North America box shipments slowed in the first quarter as customers drew down inventories and we experienced other near-term demand headwinds. However, we continue to see a favorable macro backdrop supportive of continued corrugated box growth. Inventory destocking among containerboard and absorbent pulp export customers is playing out as we expected and as we discussed last quarter. We anticipate our shipments to recover as the year progresses. In the first quarter, we generated $440 million of free cash flow and we returned nearly $400 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Continuing with our first quarter results on Slide 4, EBITDA was $896 million, that's a 4% improvement year-over-year which reflects solid operational performance across our three businesses. Our equity earnings were $114 million including $101 million from our Ilim joint venture and $13 million from our investment in graphic packaging. Free cash flow increased by almost $270 million year-over-year driven by higher cash from operations as well as lower planned capital spending in 2019. Although, it's not part of our first quarter free cash flow, I do want to note that in early April we received a $237 million cash dividend from Ilim. I'll now turn it over to Tim who will cover the performance across our business sectors and our second quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. I'm on Slide 5 which shows or quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share bridge. Price and mix were stable in the first quarter with higher average prices in our North American box business offset by lower export prices and containerboard and cellulose fibers as well as a weaker mix in Latin American papers. Volume decrease driven primarily by lower seasonal demand and North American packaging and Brazil papers as well as lower export containerboard and pulp shipments as export destocking continued in the first quarter as we've had expected. Operations and costs were impacted by economic downtime in the quarter. No performance, however, was strong. We managed cost well and optimize our system in a heavy downtime quarter. Planned maintenance outage expense was $143 million in the quarter reflecting an increase of $100 million versus the fourth quarter. Input costs were favorable with lower recovered fiber largely offsetting higher wood. Energy costs were also lower and distribution costs moderated in the first quarter. Lastly, equity earnings were favorable quarter-over-quarter. Ilim equity earnings benefited from stronger operations as well as a $21 million non-cash foreign currency gain in the quarter. So now let me turn to the segments starting with industrial packaging on Slide 6. The business delivered $421 million in earnings. Price and mix were favorable due primarily to margin and mix in our North American box business which was partly offset by weaker export pricing. With regard to volume the first quarter is our seasonally slowest quarter in the U.S. and Europe. In addition, in the U.S. we experienced weaker box shipments which we believe is short term in nature. It is mainly driven by customer inventory drawdown and other regional dynamics such as flooding in the Midwest and a late harvest on the West Coast. Some of these issues continued into April. But as Mark said, we continue to see a favorable economic environment that's supportive of box growth as we move into the second half of this year. Export containerboard shipments remain weak with quarter with customer destocking in the quarter progressing as expected and we see destocking continuing into April although at reduced levels. Against this demand backdrop, we had economic downtime in our North American mill system as we managed our production to meet our customer's needs. Production in the first quarter was also influenced by a significant reduction of our in-transit inventory between mills and box plants. Essentially as the speed in our supply chain increased from the mills to box plants, we've been able to manage the system with lower inventories. We think that adjustment was completely made in the first quarter. That said, operational performance was strong as we delivered -- as we leverage the strength and flexibility of our system. We manage direct variable costs well by optimizing fiber and energy costs across the system to mitigate the impact of downtime in the quarter. Taking a look at input costs, firewood was largely offset by lower recovered fiber while distribution in energy was favorable versus prior quarter. Our softwood inventories recovered as we exited the first quarter and costs are normalizing. Staying with industrial packaging we continue to execute our strategy to integrate the Madrid mill. In the first quarter, we completed a box plant swap to further increase our box system density in Spain. In effect, we exchange the plant located in Northern France one located in Spain. Earlier this month, we also announced the acquisition of three converting facilities located in Portugal and France. This acquisition comes as an opportunity related to the EU requirements regarding the clearance of DS Smith's acquisition Europac. When completed this acquisition further expands our capabilities and creates additional integration value with the Madrid Mill. Coming back to containerboard exports on Slide 7, we wanted to give you a sense of what we're seeing from our customers. Demand in Latin America is good as customer inventories have largely normalized during the first quarter. In Europe, we're seeing the effects of the poor fruit and vegetable winter season which resulted in high customer inventory levels as well as weak durable goods production both of which are important uses of Kraftliner. The spring fruit and vegetable season, however, look strong. Our customers are still managing through high inventory levels which we expect to play out during the second quarter. I want to take a moment to discuss Turkey one of the larger fruit and vegetable exporting countries and an important Kraftliner market for International Paper historically. We're facing structural challenges due to the impact of tariffs and a strong U.S. dollar in addition to weaker demand due to the recession in Turkey. All of which, we expect will negatively impact our Kraftliner exports to Turkey in the foreseeable future. Within the Middle East and Africa, inventory destocking is progressing as expected customer demand is reasonably strong and we expect shipments to improve in the second quarter. In Asia, demand in China has seen a modest improvement since Chinese New Year as inventories remain high. In Southeast Asia, high customer inventory levels continue to play out and may limit shipments in the second quarter. Overall, destocking is progressing largely as we anticipated with different demand and inventory dynamics by region. Turning to Global Cellulose Fibers on Slide 8. The effective price and mix lowered earnings $11 million in the first quarter. Conditions were largely as expected with a modest improvement in demand for softwood and absorbent pulp following the Chinese New Year. The impact from tariffs and inventory destocking in China evolved as expected. Economic downtime impacted operations and cost in the quarter. That said, our mills ran well and we have -- and we had strong operational performance. We optimized marginal cost for fiber and chemicals across the system. Looking at the quarter, we had good execution in a challenging environment that is playing out largely as anticipated. Longer term, we feel good about absorbent pulp demand and more importantly about our unique capabilities to provide value to customers. We shared with you some of these advantages previously. It's our innovation capabilities and unmatched regional service model that allows us to understand and develop fluff fibers or different consumer and cultural preferences. All of that being backed up by a multi mill system that has flexibility. Turning now to printing papers on Slide 9. The business performed well with strong results in North America and Europe. Price and mix gains in North America and Europe were largely offset by weaker geographic mix in Latin America. Lower first quarter volume was driven by seasonality in Brazil and lower exports to the rest of Latin America. Operations and costs were higher attributed mostly to expected seasonal cost in North America. And input costs were favorable with cost mitigation across the system offsetting continued hardwood cost pressure in North America due to heavy rainfall across the southern U.S. Overall, a solid first quarter and an $80 million year-over-year improvement in earnings. Looking at the Ilim results on Slide 10. The J.V. delivered solid commercial and operational performance in the first quarter with operating EBITDA of $254 million. International Paper's equity earnings were $101 million and benefited from a non-cash foreign exchange gain on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt of which IP's after tax portion was $21 million or $0.05 per share in the quarter. As Mark shared with you earlier, we received a $237 million cash dividend in early April. This brings IP's total cash dividends received from Ilim to about $900 million since the start of the joint venture. Turning to Slide 11. I'll cover our second quarter outlook. Overall, we expect stronger seasonal demand across our businesses as we execute our highest planned maintenance outage quarter of the year. So, now let me take you through business by business. Starting with industrial packaging. We expect the effective price and mix the lower earnings $20 million to mostly to export pricing. Volume is expected to improve by $25 million on seasonally stronger volume in North America with one last shipping day. Operations and costs are expected to improve by $55 million due to an improved fixed costs absorption in North America as well as better ops and cost in North America and Europe. Staying with Industrial Packaging maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $37 million and input costs are expected to improve by $40 million on lower wood and recovered fiber cost as well as improved energy and distribution costs. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect the effective price and mix to lower earnings $15 million and volume to improve by $five million in the second quarter. Operations and costs are expected to remain stable with improved fixed cost absorption offset by higher expected manufacturing spending in the quarter. Maintenance outage expense is expected to increase by $32 million and input costs are expected to improve by $5 million on lower wood cost. In printing papers, we expect to see a $5 five million benefit on the recent price increase in North America. Volume is expected to improve $20 million on stronger seasonal demand in North America and Brazil. Operations and costs are expected to be unfavorable by $five million on several onetime items and maintenance expense is expected to increase by $44 million. Let me add a comment on our planned maintenance outages for 2019. The second quarter is our highest maintenance outage quarter at $256 million. So across the system we will have completed 75% of planned maintenance outages during the first half of the year. And lastly, under equity earnings you will see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture and graphic packaging. I'd note that Ilim's second quarter outlook includes a $15 million increase in maintenance outage expense and repairs versus the first quarter. Taking a look at our full year outlook on Slide 12. We continue to see a favorable macro environment in packaging for North America and we expect exports to continue recovering. Our Printing Papers business is performing well with realization of price increases in North America. For the full year, we're projecting EBITDA of $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion and free cash flow of $2 billion. We're using free cash flow for debt reduction and cash to share owners. We're committed to strong and sustainable dividend and have just over $two billion of share repurchase authorization remaining after the first quarter. In the quarter, we repurchased 180 million shares at an average price of $45.66. All in, we return just over 85% of free cash flow to shareholders in the first quarter through dividends and share repurchases. So, with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. You know as I sit here and think about the start to our year what really stands out to me is that we delivered another quarter of solid performance and strong free cash flow. Once again International Paper demonstrated the strength of our businesses and our ability to deliver solid financial results under varying market conditions. Looking ahead, we see a favorable economic backdrop for our products as we navigate through any near-term conditions. We built a resilient company that allows us to succeed and create value for our shareholders by investing in our people our customers and our operations. And we're doing what we said we would do, growing free cash flow maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. And with that we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Debbie Jones, Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Sutton: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie Jones: My first question is on a domestic box and you called out weather and customer destocking with that the majority of the shortfall versus your expectations. And then I was hoping you could comment on the confidence you have that you do start seeing the improvements in April whether it's kind of broader macro or some underlying things around certain segments that encourage?
Mark Sutton: It's a great question and probably the $64,000 question. Look on April we saw some things that were sort of one off like the delayed harvest in California we know they're out of drought we know the crops are there the harvest is coming in and it's going to start later. So we feel good about that and in our supply chain visibility to customers we have seen the destocking rate begin to slow down. So we feel pretty confident about that.  Longer term, when you look out for the rest of the year, Debbie, we look at a number of macroeconomic indicators that we feed into a model that gives us a sense of a range of box demand and those macroeconomic models that we use and those indicators are still by external agencies being forecast to be relatively firm. So we feel good about solid conditions going forward and really a better second half as we look at the general economic indicators that correlate the most with box demand.
Debbie Jones: Okay, thanks. And my follow up question just on the full year guidance. Can you just talk about what drove the reduction? I think some of it must have been the $10 cut and PPW on containerboard. And then Jim comment also if you actually saw that in the market and then how to kind of correlate that with no change to the free cash flow guidance?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, we have -- Debbie, it's Tim. We thought we had headroom in free cash flow we call that out on last quarter's call. And so we feel really good about the $2 billion being solid at this point. And in terms of the guidance -- you're right it is acknowledging that there was a $10 published down but also just acknowledging that there was some additional weakness in export markets than what we were thinking about 3 months ago.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gabe Hajde, Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. I guess first one might start with Ilim. Seems like operations and shipments and everything there seems pretty strong. Can you comment at all about sort of the trajectory or outlook for the full year in that business? And then what you're thinking about or what the organization is thinking about in terms of expanding capacity there's been some reports out there that suggests they're looking to make an investment over the next couple of years.
Mark Sutton: Gabe, I don't think we heard the first part. Where you talking about Ilim?
Gabe Hajde: Yes. Ilim.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Thanks Gabe. Ilim -- the thing about Ilim is that we've got the best cost and operational position in the world to serve the largest growing market for softwood fibers that are targeted to our tissue towel and packaging. And that coupled with absorbent business we have in the US gives us a really strong position but specifically for Ilim they're continuing to see growth. They see the same thing that everybody sees in the fibers market in China. China's economy has slowed down a little bit. There has been some pricing pressure but Ilim is continuing to grow. You can see the EBITDA performance and the performance on the IP side of the shareholder arrangement with the dividends and equity earnings. Ilim also has the ability to adjust their cost structure like we do in North America through a sophisticated approach to how to variable as much of what looks like fixed cost is possible and they're continuing to make progress on that. So I think the future is really bright for Ilim. As far as future development, there are some projects that have been publicly talked about that's normal in that part of the world to start talking about possible investments to get everybody lined up all the constituents, cities, governments, banks all of that type of thing. But to this point there's nothing formally approved about the next phase of pulp production. We have been doing some things for the packaging business in Russia and in Eastern Europe around containerboard and some box but there is there is a bright future for Ilim as the primary softwood fiber source for the Asian markets.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. Thank you. And then switching gears I guess the cellulose fibers business, there was discussion on the prior quarter call about a commercial decision sounded like maybe some destocking. Also, can you update us on how that's progressing through I guess the first half here. And then visibility into that and getting a little bit better maybe on the volume front and the back half.
Mark Sutton: I think that's exactly our view. We had two main causes for our volume shortfall if you will on the absorbent side and that is the customer decision, we talked about last quarter that you referenced. And also, if you recall, we were talking about some uncertainty about Chinese demand. It was in the Chinese New Year period whether there was going to be a snap back in demand post Chinese New Year or a gradual return. We see more of the gradual return outside of China we have really good demand in the other regional markets in parts of Europe and Latin America the rest of Asia. And so we think that when everybody looks at what's happening in China and you see certain things starting to turn some economic stimulus starting to be injected we feel pretty good about the ability to be on the volume recovery plan we had that we described a quarter ago as we go through the year. I hate to keep saying in second half but in this case China's such an important market as they start to come out of the relative slowdown they had last fourth quarter and the beginning of this year we'll see the benefits of that in our Cellulose Fibers business.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you, Mark. Good luck.
Mark Sutton: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chip Dillon, Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Hi. Good morning everyone. Thank you. First question is, you mentioned the -- Tim did the Ilim dividends total $900 million. I seem to recall your investment in Ilim has been all in less than that. I think when he did the investment about 10-12 years ago. Could you just update us on that please?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, all in roughly $685 million, Chip. So yeah, we've now recovered more than what we have in the investment.
Chip Dillon: Okay. That's great. Thank you. And then a second question. Could you just update us on the timing of the conversion that you planned at the Riverdale mill? I know the last comment was a little bit. There was a bit of a range of dates. I think first half or first quarter or first half I think were the terms where does that stand now. And you know are you because of the -- you know incremental looseness in the market not to mention the strength in white paper. You know considering maybe pushing that to the second half or to some other period.
Mark Sutton: Chip, that's a very good question and you know we did talk about it I think last quarter. Just a quick reminder on the Riverdale conversion it's bleached white top high-performance liner something that we currently don't make that exact product in our current mill portfolio. So that project is about giving IP capability in the box markets for the high print segments. And so what we talked about was a little bit of a range right now what we're what we're planning on is first quarter of 2020. And it's because of the product that we're going to make at Riverdale. It's not more of the same type of containerboard we're already making. We don't know. Obviously, no one knows exactly what supply demand and what our order book is going to look like. But we're quite confident that when we bring that product on if we have to adjust our output in other ways in other ways in our system that we've got the capacity to do that based on our order book and if you remember when we brought value on that was also a different product it was lightweight medium that we had sold basically after the Temple acquisition and we were bringing some of it back in house. We brought that on in a period where we didn't need 100% of our capacity to meet our box demand. And we just adjusted the output of our system. So I'm quite confident that we can slot this capacity in because it's a different product than we're making and it's a product we need.
Chip Dillon: Understood. And last question. I know when we met with Tim when he became CFO last fall. Tim, you mentioned in New York you wanted to make buyback something that's something that has a certain cadence to it and certainly we've seen that in the last several quarters. And I guess Mark as we look ahead one sort of interesting track record a point that we could see IP achieve is if they raise the dividend again this year whether it's just a half penny a quarter or something. I think that would be the 10th year in a row. I go I've looked back as far as the 1930s I can't quite get back to 1898 but I don't think there were ever more than two years in a row where the company raised the dividend until this streak began nine years ago. And when I look around the marketplace and see certain stocks that have a track record you see certainly premium valuations. Is that something that you know is important to you as you think about you know capital allocation going forward having an annual increase of some sort.
Mark Sutton: You know you mentioned the string here of annual increases, so that sort of speaks for itself. But what I would say is we recognized the role increasingly we recognize the role we play in different types of investors portfolio. So as a materials company we have investors that need and want short and medium term returns and you can do that with share buybacks and dividends. We have other investors that are willing to use us as part of their long-term return strategy and obviously in capital intensive industries. That's an element of our business. So I'm committed to balanced capital allocation and we're trying to show through our actions that we mean it. And so the dividend and the dividend improving overtime governed by Chip our target and guideline of 40% to 50% of free cash flow. So the reason we talk about free cash flow and the reason I'm excited about our ability to continue to generate $2 billion and continue to grow it is it allows us to meet the expectations of the type of investor that puts international paper in their portfolio.
Chip Dillon: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly, Stephens Incorporated.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Two things, do you think that the white paper market has fully adjusted now to where it's going to be between roll and cut size. I'm trying to think about your own re-optimization given the opportunities that have come up. And with the higher prices that we're seeing, how are you thinking about imports not just in the stop gap period here but sort of over the next couple of years?
Mark Sutton: Mark on the mix between the role various printing grades and cut size. You know we have a strategy and cut size it's a little bit different than some of the market and still believing that there's value in a branded continuum of products and we think that does play into our results so that's obviously an important part of it. It's difficult to predict the role side and the role printing side. Just general offset paper has had fits and starts with its decline rate. But I think right now we see some stability in the split between the printing paper roll side and the cut size side. Obviously, if you look at our asset base and what we have in North America in particular left focused on that business. They are great mills but there's only a few of them and they lean more toward the cut size sort of branded market. So I think you can see just by basis of what we have and what's happening in the market that's where we lean more. As far as imports, we obviously look at data around markets and best destinations and we factor all of that into the strategic part of our pricing kind of decisions. And we'll continue to do that.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And just one quick question. You mentioned pulp export destocking. Do you have a view on where we are in that process and has it had a significant impact on your mix near term? That might be changing as we finish it up.
Mark Sutton: So I think we are past the midpoint of destocking. If you look at inventory days on softwood pulp it is still high. They're higher than balance but they're not rising. And so I think the questions are going to be a combination of demand and other fiber choices how fast we can get back to an industry that's more balanced on inventory. Temporarily, that usually means for us if we took a hit in absorbent as I described because of some of our commercial decisions sometimes we feel that with non-absorbent softwood pulp. But it's not a material change in our mix. We're still working toward an 80% plus mix of absorbent to non-absorbent softwood fiber and we're still solidly in the mid to high 70s. So it's a few percentage points it's temporary and we'll be back on the track toward getting into the 80s based on some of the comments Tim made about the products we have some of the patents and the customer base is pretty rich as far as diversity of needs and parts of the world.
Mark Connelly: Very helpful, Mark. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Steve Chercover, Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks, and good morning everyone. First one, hopefully it's easy. You used to provide us with your U.S. industrial packaging EBITDA margins. And I'm wondering if you had that handy for old time sake?
Tim Nicholls : Yes. Something that Guillermo can follow up. I don't have it right in front of me, Steve.
Steve Chercover: Okay. I'll do that. So getting a bit more needy. Obviously, you're running containerboard systems demand. How do you characterize your own inventory situation at present? And how long do you think it would take for the broader industry to get back into balance?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I think we're kind of where we would like to be in terms of inventory levels as we look at the demand that we had in the first quarter and what happened with the transportation network and we try to reference that in my comments earlier. But a big portion of the downtime that we took, which is just adjusting to the speed of the transportation network and how it's working now versus how it worked over the past few quarters. So I think we ended in the quarter roughly in line with where we think we need to be and probably we manage it week to week and month-to-month.
Steve Chercover: Okay. And similar question on cellulous fibers. You took your first economic downturn in several years. So was that a function of the commercial decision you made or and also was the downtime anticipated in incorporated into your commentary at the end of January?
Mark Sutton: So I think it's the two things that I talked about. The dislocation related to the commercial decision we made and the lack of timely replacement of that volume through the latter part of the fourth quarter into the first quarter, so the commercial decision. Plus we didn't see exactly the slowdown in China coming for these -- some of these types of products and that created a little bit additional to that. So in order to balance our overall profitability, customer service and costs, we decided to adjust the output of our system. And again, when you think about our system, that's the cellulose fibers comment but some of these mills were in the same fiber basket as our containerboard mills and even our printing paper mill. So we managed the inputs to those facilities enterprise-wide and we managed the output from those facilities, i.e., transportation enterprise-wide and then we look at the customer commitments we have. And we believe that the results you see the first quarter and the variable cost management is a combination of all of those decisions we made, which, in this case, resulted in some economic downtime in the cellulose fibers business, partly related to the two issues I talked about, partly to optimize our overall cost position in less than full operating environment.
Steve Chercover: Yes, but I mean, I think you actually exceeded our expectations going from the bridge that Tim gives us for each of the segments. I guess you are managing that downtime in a very efficient fashion.
Mark Sutton: Well, we worked very hard at it. It's a very analytical process with some automated tools. I've described it before. It's been a while since I've had to describe it, thankfully. But we've gotten better at it. And the team's really worked well across businesses to really optimize quickly the variabilization of a lot of our cost that sometimes can be sticky when you don't have a robust sales and operation planning process and the ability for your manufacturing and supply chain teams to have faith that they can make this change in an input based on the output of that mill and not get caught without something. And we're just continuing to get better at that and we challenge ourselves to operate like last year when everything was wide open and also operate top-notch when things aren't wide open.
Steve Chercover: Thank you. Congratulations.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub, Seaport Global Securities.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I was hoping to get a bit more color to understand the improved fixed cost absorption you're expecting to see in industrial packaging. And I'm sure part of it -- a lot of it relates to likely less economic downtime. And so I wanted to kind of, if we could parse through some of that. Tim, I think you talked about the transportation network and can you give us a sense as to how much downtime might have been related to that because presumably that is now done and we don't have to worry about it on a go-forward basis, is that fair?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, Mark, it was roughly one-third of the total economic downtime that we took.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. And then would it also be fair to assume that a significant portion was also related to destocking in the export market? And if you maybe could give us color on the pulp business, where do you think we are in the destocking with export, and I realize there are moving factors with underlying demand, maybe changing a little bit but maybe more color on how much your exports were down in the first quarter and if it's reasonable, if you can give us a sense is for the full year, how much you would think your exports might be down?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I won't go into quantifying that since it varies region by region. What we see right now, and I called out some of this, Europe is still in the process and it's a combination of a weaker winter season, but we think a stronger spring season as we go into the new agricultural season in Europe. Latin America feels better, but there's still some inventory destocking that has to take place in Southeast Asia. So we see it moderating and flattening out in the second quarter and then recovering in the third and the fourth quarter is a general comment across all of our containerboard exports.
Mark Sutton: The only thing I would add, Mark, is that Tim made a comment about Turkey, and that's an issue because some of the retaliatory tariffs. And I don't know -- no one knows if that's how much of a seasonal issue. It will get solid at some point. But we are a major supplier into that market for their kraftliner needs. We have box plants there, and it's a challenge right now. So that demand dislocation or the ability to ship there is looks like it's going to persist for a while until some of these other global trade issues get worked out on steel and aluminum and other things. So we'll just have to factor that into our output plans.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. For sure. I mean, that is one of our largest export markets as a country.
Mark Weintraub: All very helpful. And lastly, announcement by Clebin, I think it's last week. Any thoughts obviously, it would be the first large-scale eucalyptus base containerboard project. You're down in Brazil, you know the containerboard markets better than anybody. Any thoughts you would share with us?
Mark Sutton: You know the Clebin I think information that came out is not new. It's been talked about for a while as part of this large fiber project they have. We don't make containerboard out of that fiber. We make printing papers out of that fiber, so we don't have any real-life information to share about whether how good is going to be or anything like that. But we'll learn what happens as they tried to bring that into the market it's a really short fiber, but boxes are engineered systems and sometimes you can use different products in different places in the box construction. We do that all the time with fiber makes, our Madrid mill have a laboratory for that different types of fibers and different layers. So we'll see. But to us it was just confirming what was already out there, just the numbers announcement had to be more specific.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Josephson, KeyBanc.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim, good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. Tim, one on the guidance, your second quarter guidance implies I think first half EBITDA will be flattish and then second half will be up about 100 just based on the full year. Can you just -- and I don't think maintenance will be any different year-on-year, 1H versus 2H. So can you just help me with some of the moving parts there, why you think they are your comparison will be much better in the second half than the first half? Is it better U.S. box volume? Is it something else? I'm just trying to understand that a bit better.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I think growth -- well, compared to what we think we're going to see in the first half, I think box volume will be better. I think we also are anticipating some of the destocking that we talked about in export containerboard, moderating in the second quarter and then beginning to grow again in the third and fourth quarter. On the pulp side, again, volume-related, we'll see a pickup in volume and a better mix of as we go through the third and fourth quarter that we've experienced in the first 2 quarters of the year. So some of the those things are what we're expecting to play out and with pretty good confidence that unless there's a dramatic shift in terms of the economic forecast we see and crop harvest and things like that, we think those are reasonable expectations.
Adam Josephson: Thanks for that. And just on demand for either of you, just a two-part question. Can you give us your April box demand just in the first couple of weeks of the month if I missed that? And somewhat relatedly, just on the e-commerce. In late 2016 and throughout 2017, there was a surge in box demand and there was a great deal of discussion around the e-commerce benefit. And as demand has slowed in the last year or so, there's been discussion about a potential adverse impact from e-commerce as Amazon and others are looking to reduce their packaging. Can you just share your thoughts as to what you think the e-commerce impact has been in recent months and what you expect in the months to come along those lines?
Tim Nicholls: So on e-commerce, we see it continuing to grow. There's a lot of things that get bigger over time. Growth rates tend to go down but we're still seeing, not only from our largest e-commerce customer, but we have a lot of others that are growing rapidly, too. So we're still very bullish on the e-commerce and where it goes in 2019. I mentioned without getting into specific numbers, I mentioned demand in April as seeing continuation for March into April, it's moderated a little bit as we've gotten further into the month, but I think we're expecting a similar type of destocking pattern against again, a very tough comp in March and a tough comp in April.
Adam Josephson: And sorry, what was the March number, Tim?
Tim Nicholls: We didn't publish the March number.
Adam Josephson: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Nicholls: Talking about why we're seeing across the industry in terms of box demand and ours was down. I'm not going to characterize what the number was for a specific month, but we did see weakness as we saw the weather-related events and the destocking that we think the plays across our customer base.
Adam Josephson: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde, BMO.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: I wondered, first of all, just in light of the downtime in containerboard in the first quarter, can you give us just a rule of thumb in terms of how you think about the cost of downtime in your containerboard system right now?
Mark Sutton: A rule of thumb for how we think about. Well, the rule of thumb is a percentage, and it's relatively split of our cost is true fixed cost in the short term. So we try to keep that at all times at an optimal level. And the rest of our cost, we view as variable innovative, even if it's not purely variable cost and we have, as I mentioned, on input -- of all inputs, wood, chemicals and everything else and an output of all transportation and supply chain to the customer, we have a supply chain operating model, SAP-based, lots of data visibility and our goal is to minimize all of that variable cost. And every time we have to go through a period of this type of operation, we've gotten a little bit better at variabilizing more of the cost. And our people and those systems continue to learn how to manage and it's about coordination, it's about not looking at it by containerboard or cellulose fibers or Printing Papers. It's about looking the fiber converters we have, making all three of those products, taking in wood, pushing out transportation and logistics cost and warehousing costs and using chemicals and other things and optimizing that for International Paper. And that's how we look at it. So that's our rule of thumb, not a specific number, but getting back to the smallest level it can be so that we have the best possible outcome when we're not running at sort of nameplate capacity. I would add though, Mark, running like we ran in 2018 with virtually maintenance outages and nothing else, it's not actually the optimal way to run our company or to supply our customers as a service platform they need. We'll do it when the market indicates we need to do it. But something like I talked about before, 3% to 3.5% of our productive time for maintenance, planned maintenance and about the same amount for flexibility in the supply chain marginal cost optimization, the ability not to buy expensive wood when we don't have to, that's where we make the highest level of profitability and have the highest margins. And that's not the first quarter, that's more than we would like to see, but that's why we work on that variabilization of our cost structure constantly. 
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's really helpful, Mark. For my follow up, I wondered if we could just talk briefly about Ilim. I'm mainly focused on this talk about potential containerboard project over there as well as what's your thinking right now in terms of your ownership position at Ilim. We've talked about this over the last few years about whether you want to take that position up and potentially be able to consolidate Ilim.
Mark Sutton: So on the ownership position, it's 50-50 right now. We think that's the right answer for this point in time. We have good partners. It's working well. We have a strong shareholder agreement. We have our senior executives make up half of the board. So it's a very collaborative effort. And we think the 50-50, all in considering what's going on globally and everything is the right model for us right now. So we don't see a change in that in the near term. As far as the potential on containerboard, there's a market, 170 million people in Russia, the market is a good corrugated market, we participated in it in a small way. There's a little more we could do. And then there's some pockets of kraftliner demand that is theoretically anyway best served with Russian containerboard if you can get the supply chain figured out. There's part of China's fiber needs for brown virgin fiber that can feed in, that's also the best place to do that from is there. So we look at those unique markets to that cost structure and that asset base and really that fiber source is really what drives any interest in containerboard that goes outside of Russia.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari, Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Tim, just following up on Turkey. Is it possible to roughly quantify the size of your business there? And from an earnings perspective, is it accurate to say that this will hit both North American industrial packaging on the export side as well as the European industrial business?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Probably, to a lesser degree in terms of the business on the ground in Turkey and I would expect most of the detrimental impact to be in our export containerboard business. Turkey, in year's past -- it's ranged, but it's been anywhere from 100,000 tons to 200,000 tons. And it depends on the economic ambitions in Turkey and a number of other factors. So it's a big market for us. And given, as Mark said, the tariff structures that have been put on for one, but then secondly, just the underperformance of the economy there, it'll -- we'll work to overcome it. But it's a challenge in the near term.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. And then may be more broadly on Europe, you ramped Madrid, you made these recent box plant acquisitions, but obviously the market has had some issues from a demand perfective. How are you currently think about the timeline for achieving profitability in European packaging, understanding it's not the biggest part of your business, but...
Mark Sutton: Well, our expectations on our European packaging business is we had, in the past, a very profitable business, above cost of capital returns. There's a couple of industry changes and a couple of IP changes that led to our profitability deteriorating and we have addressed most of those. So we fully expect that business to be profitable throughout as we exit this year and from then on. And we expect it to be a cost of capital returns. A big, big strategic gap for us. And it wasn't true 10 years ago, but it's true now, it's had basically zero in region integration on these cycled liners and we have that now and where we have that now you draw a circle around the middle and the Spanish box plant system, it's a very good business today. There's just other issues that we've got to finish fixing through our capability of the boxes we can make and the full integration of that mill. And I consider us technically integrated on most of our kraftliner from our U.S. mill systems. There's just a supply chain step called a shipping channel between the production and the usage. But to me, it's an integrated output for 30% to 40% of our fiber needs there.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the operating performance. A couple of questions. First, in terms of pulp markets, its recognizing that your business is obviously, much more oriented to fluff and different than other business that we would see in the fibers market. There's been this standoff between buyers and sellers, particularly in Asia going back to the fourth quarter that in turn has led to inventories at the producer level rising, and we've talked about this on this call that you're now working those down. And buyers inventories being worked down. Where would you say your customer's inventories are, both in terms of the consolidated cellulose fibers business and also Ilim as we stand here today? Are customer's inventories relative normal at this juncture, Mark? And relatedly on pulp, you mentioned there were some downtick in demand that caught your operations a little bit by surprise. From my understanding, tissue has remained relatively stable in China from the day that's grown 5%. So what ticked down that led to the downtime? And then I had a follow-up on containerboard.
Mark Sutton: Along the overall inventory question, I wasn't clear to me whether you were talking about hardwood or softwood inventory. I think hardwood inventories are where the standoff is. I think primarily the bleach eucalyptus pulp coming from Latin America is a big input to China. That's what's been publicized that I've seen that there is a "standoff" between the producers and the users. On the softwood, we don't make that. But on the softwood side, again, as we said, 75% to 80% of our mix in the North American business is absorbent pulp. And that has a number of demand drivers. One of them is obviously, the economic health of the population in the GDP per capita and how many people can move into those types of products like disposable baby diapers. And if that changes because the economy changes that are with you just have a slower adoption rate and that's what we've seen. In other markets, we've seen the ability of a poor economic environment to actually have people stop the frequency at which they use some of those products, which then shows up in a lower growth rate. The rest of the softwood goes to the number of different users who would see softwood in, some towel and some packaging and we're not a major player for North America in that. That's really the Ilim story. And I don't have a number for Ilim's customer inventories, we just look at what everybody looks at which is the industry inventory numbers and they're north of I think 40 days and that's a high number for that particular product line. I think the perfect world balance for customers and suppliers is in the 28 to 30-day range. So I mean kind of new assumption on demand and assumption on production and you can figure out how soon it gets back to a more what if it would be historically normal.
George Staphos: Okay. But I mean, Mark I know you don't make hardwood per se, Mark, but using analogy for cellulose. Your fluff business and from what you can see your customers inventories on that side are relatively still high, but working lower, would that be fair? And Ilim, you wouldn't have a view on that. Would that be a fair recognizing it's tough to get at inventory data in China for the other customer side.
Mark Sutton: I didn't understand analogy you’re making so yes, I think the way you stated, high not as high as that analogy, at the high end working off and high basically, because of the dislocations in demand that I described, primarily in China. And a little bit in the Middle East. But that they thought they were going to sell more finished product then they did, there's more fluff pulp in the system but not at the levels that your analogy on hardwood craft. And on Ilim I think Ilim looks more like the general softwood market, but I don't have on customer inventory levels handy. 
George Staphos: Totally fair. Appreciate the thought. I want to come back to you're saying earlier about maintaining 3% to 3.5% flexibility in the system. The way perhaps you needed to run in prior years because of all of demand for containerboard led to not necessarily how you like to optimize the system on a going-forward basis. To maintain that flexibility, I could think of a couple of ways that, that might change how you prosecute your commercial strategy over time. Do you think -- what would you be able to relate us in terms of how that changes how you run the business commercial in containerboard differently than maybe years in the past? Thanks, and good luck on the quarter. 
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. That's a fairly involved question, But I would just say at a high-level overtime, not in the quarter, not even in a particular year, just if you want optimize a business like this, then we believe somewhere in the range of what I talked about is what's necessary to keep your operation safe and reliable and then to keep your supply chain and your customers happy which leads to better value propositions, better margins, just better position for the customers if you have a great product and you have great service. And so that comes out to roughly about 6% I talked about. For the second 3%, it's about continuing to invest in our system. Some of these boring projects that we talked about something like head boxes and all, what it does it makes three mills able to make the same basis rate range and the same quality, which allows us to optimize the way we run. Everything doesn't have to be running wide open at the same time. And the other way to do it is challenging our teams through Six Sigma and best-in-class lean manufacturing techniques to improve productivity. And so that we can do more with what we have that then build a cost structure that is not requiring 100% nameplate output to make at least return. You have it as a reserve capacity like a public utility does and you don't use it and you don't put input cost, you don't put people against it when you don't need it. And I would say there's a human element to this, too. When you run like we ran last year, you wear everything out. You wear the equipment out and you wear the people out. And that's not a small issue in our company because we want to run a safe company where people are engaged and they're not completely running a sprint all the time. There's an element of running a nice race over time and so reliability, best practices in manufacturing and doing those kinds of things, building system flexibility and duplicity so we can make some decisions around the 16 containerboard mills we have, all leads to being able to have that flexibility time in terms of machine hours without it being a big cost. And I believe when we look at periods where we've had, that's where we produced the best margins, the best -- you don't know it but we know it, the best customer satisfaction and allowed us to grow our position because we can meet every need the customer had.
George Staphos: It gives you a more predictable system and probably an ability to have a more predictable customer base with longer-term contracts. But we'll turn that over at this juncture. Thanks again for taking the time.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, George.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Gaffner, Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Good morning. Tim. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner: Tim, I just wanted to go back to the export market for a minute. You said the inventory destocking was as expected but then when you were talking about the guidance you talk about some additional weakness. So 2 things. One, are you seeing a little bit weaker in market demand in the export market in addition to the destocking? And then two, when you look at the visibility to the export markets, I mean, how do you get comfort around your visibility? Is most of your sales there direct to customers? Or you're going through distribution? Just any color you can give us will be great.
Tim Nicholls: Question. Most of it is direct. So we do talk to our customers and we get their view. I think the part that we didn't fully anticipate in terms of underlying demand with some of the seasonal crop weaknesses that I mentioned earlier. Europe is more of the issue as I laid out in some of the prepared comments. Europe is going to take a little bit longer. We see recovery starting in other regions of the world, some are better than others, but almost all of them are better than Europe. So there's a little bit more weakness there in the first quarter. But again, talking to customers, we expect that to moderate as we go through the second quarter.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And as far as the full year forecast on export, it sounded like you were mentioning that just you expected recovery in the second half but you don't expect recovery back to 2018 levels, did I hear that, right?
Tim Nicholls: Right. It's going to be down versus last year, but it will start ramping back from the first half numbers as we get in the third and fourth quarter.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And just one last one here, I know we're late in the call. But Mark, when we look at be monthly data for the industry, whether it's box shipments, supply-demand, et cetera, a lot of other industries like retail and auto have really gotten away from this idea of having monthly sales data. Obviously, IP is the leader in this industry and that itself caused significant volatility in the shares 1Q and has historically. Is there any thoughts to why or why not you or the industry wouldn't go away from providing data on a monthly basis?
Mark Sutton: It's a good question, Scott. Honestly, I haven't talked about it that much. Some of the data comes from aggregation of industry trade associations and it's a question worth considering. I really haven't given it a whole lot of thought. I know that the -- some of the retail industries have gotten away from that, some of them are still in it with same-store sales and those things that tend to cause overreaction. I think it's something we’ll think about.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Fair enough. Looks forward to talking about in the future.
Operator: And our last question for today will come from the line of Brian Maguire, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Two-parter on M&A. One public company multiple has come down a lot over the last year and obviously, the macro environment and even some of the business-specific outlook has become a little bit more muddled and uncertain. So just thinking how you kind of balance those two? And how you view M&A today versus how you view it a year ago in terms of your overall capital allocation strategy? And sort of the related question there is obviously, do the DS Smith investment package. I wonder if you could comment on what that might bring to the table? What that might give you that you didn't already have? And any expected EBITDA from that in 2019 and whether that would be included in the guidance at this point or not?
Mark Sutton: So on general question about M&A. It is true that sometimes valuations come down in periods where companies might not be prepared to do M&A. The way we think about it is it has to be a strategic fit, first and foremost and obviously, timing does matter. But if you're talking about public companies, a temporary valuation change usually doesn't win the day because Boards of Directors look at the value of the company over the past 12 months and all kinds of other valuation formulas. Right now, we really like the company we have. We have more run rate in the company we have today as we talked about in terms of our strategy is to improve International Paper. It's very possible and has proven to be true in the past that some M&A has helped out and it probably will in the future, but it's not a burning platform for us because we built a really good company, really since the transformation plan coming out of '05 and '06 and we're trying to bring this company to its full potential. So it's always a potential tool or a tool in a strategic toolbox to improve a company, but value creation, good returns, above our cost of capital and earnings growth leading to free cash flow growth is what we really want to focus on. And as I mentioned in my comments about our investor base that we have today and the investor base that we recruit, we recognize the balance capital allocation is a role that a company like International Paper needs to play, short, medium and long-term capital returns, and that's going to be remain a focus. 
Brian Maguire: And just on the DS Smith business in particular?
Mark Sutton: Thank you for reminding me of that. DS Smith business. Well, it does two things. It's relatively small in the big scheme of things. But for the European business, it will have a meaningful impact. The Portugal plant is right in the backyard of the Madrid mill and it's so -- it's about capability and integration. And the other couple of plants that came with that, a little bit of integration, but also some high print capability that we lack in France and in the general Mediterranean regions and so this was a way for us to accomplish something that was already in our strategic list and doing it as an output from a sort of European antitrust type of sale, you're able to be made fair acquisition, addressed two of our strategic needs at a pretty good value. We haven't had time to factor in that into our forecast this year, but I would view that as upside.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Last one for me, Mark, a lot of discussion about demand and the weakness in 1Q and obviously some of that is tied to macro uncertainty. In your view, sitting here today, do you think that if we get trade deal with China, which has been rumored for a long time, that's going to lead to an acceleration in box shipments, both in the U.S. and the export markets? That could be a meaningful catalyst for getting us back on track to closer to 2018 levels? Or do you think looking at the end markets that you got a lot of food and beverage, it really won't show up that much on the numbers?
Mark Sutton: I actually think it's more likely to show up in the numbers than not. The China, I think we're learning every time there's a disruption with China, how much of a role it plays in the global economy. I think the uncertainty around on the margin, a lot of our U.S. customers for packaging, export a portion of their output whether it's food or other materials to China. It's not a big part of their business, but it's a meaningful part and it's disrupted to some extent due to tariffs and other things. When you add all that up, it's a U.S. box produced for an export product to China. It shows up as softness in U.S. demand but it really has nothing to do with the U.S. It has everything to do with them or that they can get to their product, marginal amount of their product to a market that's currently slowing down, number one, and number two, in some cases, has some additional tariffs applied to the products. I think it helps take some of the uncertainty in the economy away. And that typically, when you look at the drivers of box demand, the consumer components of GDP, nondurable production, those things tend to get better. And I think when we had a less uncertain environment with China, go back into early 2018 and 2017, we had better macroeconomic numbers that drive box demand. So I don't have any information to say that, that wouldn't return if we took the uncertainty off the table.
Brian Maguire: Got it. Appreciate the insight. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back over to Guillermo Gutierrez for closing comments.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, again for joining our first quarter earnings call. As always, Michelle and I will be available for follow up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for your participation in today's International Paper Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 International Paper Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide two including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter 2018 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide two also provides context around the financial information presented on those slides. I will now turn now the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on slide three. International Paper delivered very strong earnings in 2018, with strong performance across our three businesses, achieving a second consecutive year of 16% EBITDA growth. Our Ilim joint venture also delivered excellent results with operating EBITDA of more than $1 billion. All in, we continue to grow value for our shareholders with the return on invested capital of 13% which is significantly above our cost of capital. During the year, we invested strategically to further strengthen our Industrial Packaging business. Among these investments, we opened a new box plant in Toluca, Mexico, that will be fully integrated with containerboard provided from our U.S. mill system. We also made targeted investments in our U.S. Box business to enhance our capabilities with a deliberate focus on serving the fastest-growing segments and being aligned with the best customers. These investments all have returned to more than 25%. We also took decisive measures to further derisk the company and strengthen our balance sheet. We paid down $500 million in debt, bringing our leverage ratio down to 2.8 times and we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, which reduced our diluted shares outstanding by 3%. Turning to the full year results on slide four. Our revenue increased by more than 7% and we expanded our margins by 150 basis points on strong commercial performance across our businesses. Our equity earnings were $336 million, including $290 million from our Ilim joint venture. All in, we delivered another strong solid year of free cash flow. Turning to slide five. International Paper delivered a very strong year of return on invested capital. We increased our five-year average to 11%. This performance reflects the strength of our portfolio. We are making the right investment choices and delivering on those commitments. I'll now turn it over to Tim who will cover the performance across our businesses and our first quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide 6 which shows our year-over-year operating earnings bridge. Operating earnings improved by $1.83 driven primarily by price and mix improvement across our three businesses. Operations and costs were negatively impacted by weather events during the year and startup costs associated with the Madrid mill. Ops and costs were also impacted by LIFO inventory revaluation charges related to price activity in 2018. Input costs were a headwind in 2018 driven by higher wood, chemicals and distribution which were partially offset by lower OCC. Corporate expenses, interest and taxes were lower and equity earnings improved on strong performance in Ilim and the benefit of Graphic Packaging. As Mark said, International Paper delivered very strong results in 2018. Turning to slide 7, our fourth quarter results. EBITDA improved by 8% year-over-year as we expanded margins in our three businesses. Our equity earnings were $79 million including $67 million from our Ilim joint venture and $10 million from Graphic Packaging. Free cash flow in the quarter was solid and we completed $200 million in share repurchases. All in the company finished on a strong note. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on slide 8. Operating earnings improved by $0.09. Price and mix improved in all businesses and regions. Operations in cost improved due to lower Madrid mill startup costs and favorable one-time items of about $20 million. The fourth quarter was the lowest maintenance outage quarter of the year representing less than 10% of our total maintenance outage expense in 2018. Input costs were a headwind particularly for energy and wood. We expect hardwood cost to remain elevated due to poor operating conditions from heavy rains. Now let me turn to the segments. Starting with Industrial Packaging on slide 9. The North American business performed very well delivering $641 million in earnings and a 25% EBITDA margin. Box demand was strong driven by e-commerce and produce and we continue to see strong box demand as we enter 2019 with shipments in January we're estimating between 1.5% and 2%. Export containerboard came under pressure in the fourth quarter with demand slowing in China and some other -- in some regions in EMEA. We're also seeing the impact of higher tariffs in Turkey which is a major importer of U.S. containerboard. We expect volume and price pressure to continue in the first quarter as inventory destocking plays out. Continuing with the fourth quarter performance. Operations and cost benefited from onetime items, which were largely offset by higher distribution cost. Input costs were a significant headwind in the quarter due to higher natural gas and wood cost. Fourth quarter was another good example of the strength of our Industrial Packaging team and their ability to execute well. On slide 10. The Global Cellulose Fibers business delivered earnings of $93 million in the fourth quarter. Earnings were largely in line with our expectations with the exception of input costs, which were impacted by higher wood and energy again. We delivered a strong fourth quarter against a changing macro backdrop. Towards the end of the quarter, we saw a softening in softwood and fluff demand in China along with slowing demand in Turkey largely due to foreign currency headwinds. These trends have continued into the seasonally slower first quarter as customer destocking plays out and we move into the Chinese New Year. Printing Papers on slide 11. The business delivered excellent results, driven by strong commercial and operating performance. Price realization and volume were favorable across all geographies. Again input costs were a headwind due to the higher wood and energy costs. Overall a very strong quarter and year. In North America, our uncoated free sheet volume outpaced industry shipments for the year. Our Europe and Russia Papers businesses delivered solid earnings of about $130 million, overcoming high wood costs and other operational challenges. And in Brazil, earnings for the year improved by 17% and our EBITDA margins continue to be very healthy in the low 30% range. All in, we have good momentum as we move into 2019. Now, I'll turn to Ilim. Ilim's results on slide 12. The joint venture delivered solid performance in the fourth quarter with operating EBITDA of $310 million. Volume was higher with no planned maintenance outages in the fourth quarter. International Paper's equity earnings were $67 million and were impacted by a noncash foreign exchange charge on Ilim's U.S. dollar-denominated net debt, of which IP's portion was $19 million or $0.05 per share in the quarter. For the full year, Ilim operating EBITDA was $1.2 billion, which represents a 45% margin. IP's equity earnings were $290 million. Overall, the business performed very well and provided $128 million in cash dividends to IP in 2018. Turning to slide 13 and our first quarter outlook. I'll take you through all of the puts and takes by business. So, starting with Industrial Packaging. We expect price and mix to be down $15 million, driven by containerboard exports. Volume is expected to be down $40 million on seasonally lower volume in North America and lower export containerboard volume as customer destocking continues into the first quarter. Operations and costs are expected to increase by $100 million largely due to unabsorbed fixed costs related to lower volume, higher seasonal energy consumption as well as inflation and the non-repeat positives from the fourth quarter. Staying with Industrial Packaging. Planned maintenance outages are expected to increase by $102 million and input costs are expected to be flat. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect price and mix to be down $5 million and volume to be down $10 million. Operations and costs are expected to increase by $50 million due to unabsorbed fixed costs related to lower volume, higher seasonal energy consumption as well as inflation and the non-repeats from the fourth quarter. Planned maintenance outages are expected to increase by $20 million. So all-in this will be a significant reduction for the business in the quarter. So, let me add some color on Cellulose Fibers. Earlier I shared the macro environment in certain regions of the world. Complicating that for us a poor commercial decision was made that is going to negatively impact our fluff pulp volume in the quarter. While I believe this is only a temporary setback, it is going to take us until sometime between the second and the third quarter of this year to fully resolve. However, it does not change our belief in the fundamentals of the business and our ability to create value over time. Moving to Printing Papers. Price and mix are expected to be down $10 million due to seasonal mix in Brazil. Volume is expected to be down $10 million from lower seasonality in Brazil. Operations and costs are expected to increase by $35 million driven by higher seasonal energy inflation and timing of spending. Staying with Printing Papers, planned maintenance outages are expected to increase by $3 million and input costs are expected to increase by $5 million on continued pressure on hardwood in North America. Under equity earnings, you will see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging. In other items, we include corporate and interest expense as well as our estimated effective tax rate of 24% to 26%. We expect our full year corporate expense to be $70 million and interest expense to be $500 million. I'll move to the full year outlook on slide 14. We are projecting full year EBITDA for the company of between $4.3 billion and $4.4 billion. Our North American Industrial Packaging business is performing well and domestic box demand is strong. In Europe, the benefits of the Madrid mill will accelerate through the year. Volume recovery in our fluff pulp business is against the backdrop of 4% growth in the market and our Papers business is performing very well. Putting all of these together, we expect strong free cash flow of $2 billion among other positive factors that will impact our cash flow; CapEx is planned at $1.4 billion; and we expect to receive $200 million in dividends from Ilim. As we did in 2018, we will use our free cash flow for debt reduction and cash to shareholders. We are committed to a strong and sustainable dividend and we have a $2.2 billion share repurchase authorization. On slide 15, we made progress strengthening our balance sheet as Mark referenced in 2018. We reduced balance sheet debt by $500 million, our pension plan is sufficiently funded and we took definitive actions to further derisk the plan. In 2018, we also reduced our cash balance by $400 million. Effectively we put this cash to better use by applying it toward debt reduction and share repurchases. Going forward, we expect our cash balance will remain in the $600 million range. So, with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. I just want to take this opportunity to share my views on International Paper and the year we have ahead of us in 2019. Coming off of strong record earnings in 2018 with really solid performance across the portfolio, and more importantly, we strengthened our businesses and we strengthened the company as we head into 2019. Our businesses are stronger. We're well positioned to drive through any challenge we may face. We have the people, the innovation, the best value chain to solve our customer's needs and a low-cost high-quality manufacturing system to succeed. We're investing in high-return projects to improve our businesses all of which drives our strong cash generation. We've also improved overall International Paper. We're a stronger company. We're well positioned to grow free cash flow in 2019 meaningfully, and we're strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. To me it's all about value creation. That's what drives our decisions. And we're looking forward to 2019. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Just looking at Industrial Packaging, it seems like your January shipments are stronger than what you saw on 4Q. And that seems consistent with what some of your competitors are saying. Is it possible to say what kind of drove the weakness in 4Q in terms of end markets or categories or regions?
Tim Nicholls: Well, I think that – hi, Anthony, it's Tim.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi.
Tim Nicholls: I think there were some strong comps that we were up against. We did finish the year very strong. December was a very good month for us at 2.5% and we see that continuing as we go into January. So part of its timing and part of it is the way the months lay out. But on balance, the fourth quarter for us was a pretty strong quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then just in your 1Q outlook and kind of prepared remarks you referenced export destocking. Any visibility in terms of how long that could take to run its course or where customer inventories are maybe relative to history? And then just kind of related question, how do you feel about your own internal containerboard inventory levels? I think some of your competitors have talked about opportunities to take inventories down but they have some projects and M&A situations that you don't. Just any kind of general thoughts you have on your own inventory levels.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I don't think the destocking is a long-term impact. Depending on the region of the world some things make it a little bit harder to see clearly like Chinese New Year. We always – every year we have this for pulp and to some extent containerboard, where buying stops ahead of Chinese New Year and then you have to see how it picks up, once everyone is back. We do know that in Europe there's customers inventories, especially given the tightness that existed through a lot of last year. There's probably safety stocks that we think are in place and it'll take a month or two for those to kind of flow through. I don't see it as being longer than that, but we'll have to see how it plays out. As far as our inventories, I think we feel good. We're adequately supplied. We've got tremendous flexibility.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: I wonder Mark just to kind of start off, if you could talk a little bit about how you see the impact of that GP announcement down at Port Hudson affecting your business. I'm particularly interested in kind of the – well there's change of the timing around the Selma conversion and also whether you've announced a price increase in uncoated paper?
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Mark. The – specifically to the impact of changing supply in the uncoated free sheet business and its impact on our Selma conversion, the original reason and the reason we communicated about making that conversion was to go into high-quality bleached linerboard. And that's something we need for the places we're growing the box business. So it wasn't really a – the driver wasn't our white paper system. It was what we need for our packaging system and it's a great asset to do it. So we communicated a change into 2020 and right now we're sticking with that plan. We're going to need that product pretty quickly as we get into 2020 for the box growth that we are targeting and experiencing. So I don't see any change in that plan. What it does in terms of the market obviously is it just -- a continuing evolving change in the supply base as that product line and market goes through its normal evolution. So for us our Printing Papers business is well positioned. We've got great products, a full range of products and great customers. And we -- that business is still playing an important position on the team.
Q – Mark Wilde: Okay. My follow-on question is really around capital allocation. And I'm just curious, it sounds like you guys pulled back pretty dramatically on capital projects in the fourth quarter. And I wondered if you could you just put a little color around the things that went into that decision. And it's also in the fourth quarter, it seemed like your cadencing on share repurchase was pretty much in line with what we had seen through the first three quarters of the year. And I'm just kind of curious about why you might not have accelerated that given the weakness in equities in the fourth quarter?
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes I'll take the second part of the...
A – Mark Sutton: You take the second. I'll take the first yes.
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes. So we got our hand signals mixed up there for a minute. So yes I think Mark, what you saw on the fourth quarter was continuing to buy shares, but also making sure that we were applying cash to the balance sheet as well. And as I mentioned a minute ago or showed on the slide, we did get to the top end of our range in terms of leverage for the balance sheet. And there's opportunity to take that lower, but we expect we're going to have a lot of cash to apply to share repurchases as we go through this year as well. So it was just a choice. We had bought shares in the second and in the third. We continue to buy in the fourth and we paid down some debt at the same time.
A – Mark Sutton: Mark on the capital projects, there was nothing that we did in the fourth quarter that's not somewhat normal as you look at finishing your year. Some projects move faster than you expected, some move slower and it was just a matter of managing the spending that we had committed to. This happens from time to time. It's just a little bit more activity. So we ended up where we thought we would end up right in the zone that we communicated to investors for total capital spending. And so when you have as many projects and as large an asset base, you just got to sync these stuff up toward the end of the year. So it's just a matter of changing the cadence of some of the final execution of these projects.
Q – Mark Wilde: Okay, fair enough, thanks and good luck in '19.
A – Mark Sutton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Q – George Staphos: Thank you, operator. Hi, good morning, thanks for all the detail guys. I wanted to spend the first question probing some of the hopefully one-off related issues in the quarter that have implications in for 2019. Can you comment a bit on what was in the $20 million of one-off good guys I guess for 4Q? And can you comment on what the commercial decision in Cellulose Fibers is related to and why it will take until the middle of the year to correct that? And I have a follow-on.
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes, hey, George, it's Tim. The $20 million it's a bunch of things honestly. It's all at corporate and a lot of small items that added up to a bigger-than-usual number in the quarter. I think that's the best way to describe it.
A – Mark Sutton: So George on the commercial decision, we make these type of decisions all the time running our businesses. And this particular decision had to do with trying to shift some of our customer mix for all the right reasons, to improve our margins, to actually improve customer service across our portfolio. We made some decisions and of course when you shift customer mix, you need to replace what you’re shifting out of and shifting into. And what's happening is it's just taking us longer to do the second part of that. So our execution isn't as good as it has been when we've made these kind of decisions, but it's not an abnormal type of decision. It's just our execution is not something that we've done as well as we normally do on. It will be fine. It will just take us a little longer. The market is growing. We're outperforming the market. We'll continue to do that based on our portfolio of products and customers. We just had a shift project that's taking longer than we originally intended.
Q – George Staphos: Mark, just to fill in some white space there. But ultimately you expect to replace whatever volume was lost I mean, that's my takeaway with fluff volume and fluff customers correct in terms of the shift?
Mark Sutton: Yes. Yes, fluff volume, fluff customers and we fully expect to continue to perform very well. And we should perform better than the market based on our footprint of capability, but also our product portfolio. So absolutely, it's absorbent for absorbent. It's just in different customers in different regions at higher economic value.
Q – George Staphos: Thank you. My second question and I'll do it quickly here. If we think about the free cash flow guidance for 2019 at $2 billion I recognize that's your guidance and so that's the number you want to stick to. But given that the markets are kind of in an interesting position in terms of the supply and demand there's some destocking pressure not for you but for others in some of your bigger markets, where do you think the tensions are on that free cash flow? Are we more apt to see holding price constant free cash flow be in excess of $2 billion? Or do you -- are you pulling every lever you can to get to that figure? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, well we always try to pull all the levers for free cash flow, so that doesn't change. But I do think to your point George, the $2 billion is what we put out there, but I can see upside to it as we go through the year.
Q – George Staphos: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Two things. What has been happening and will happen now after GP to your white paper mix? And I'm curious whether you're seeing any meaningful difference in U.S. versus other markets in terms of how the decline in demand is playing out in terms of your particular mix?
Mark Sutton: I think our mix Mark is staying pretty constant relative to the roll business for the printing industry the cut size business and some of the specialties we make. I think it's a little early to tell. Obviously, we are a major supplier. So we're seeing customers interested in us becoming their supplier post the GP announcement. But it's a little early to see what we're going to take and what it's going to do to our mix. But actually with the system we have now with essentially four mills -- 3.5 mills our mix is kind of ridden down with the decline because not all parts of the mix are declining at the same rate. But our facilities are pretty flexible, so we've continued to be able to optimize the mix for the best margin and best profitability. We should see pretty quickly here in the first quarter, how any incremental business that comes our way starts to shift that.
Mark Connelly: Okay. So, you answered the flexibility question. Just one more. Can you give us a sense of how you're getting to your 1% to 2% growth estimate? Are you still thinking in terms of GDP plus? And what would drive a plus? I'm sorry I didn't...
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I may not be responding to exactly what you're asking Mark this is Tim, but I referenced the 1.5% to 2%. That's what we were seeing in January. And I think fundamentally with the way we see the economy performing we expect it to be in that range. So, that's how we're looking not only at January, but I think that probably holds up for the year.
Mark Sutton: So, Mark we've talked about this before. We acknowledged that sometime in the past, box demand and GDP kind of decoupled a bit. We actually have a model that we've developed with some outside resources and some internal data analytics that GDP is obviously a major function, but there are other indicators about how we think about box demand and it doesn't always track directly with GDP. There were periods where box demand slightly outperformed GDP, but we didn't conclude that it was now back on that track. So, it's a set of analytics we use. GDP is obviously a function and the input to GDP, but it's not just a GDP measure for us.
Mark Connelly: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover of Davidson.
Steven Chercover: Thanks. Two quick questions. First of all IP makes about one in three boxes in North America and I think it's more like one in two for the big e-commerce player. I'm wondering if that's still the case. And how this alleged making the boxes more appropriate size-wise can you actually get paid for doing so?
Tim Nicholls: We think we can. And yes I'd say your figures are directionally correct. I think the good news is we service a lot of customers in the e-commerce space and we work with all of them very closely, our design teams our commercial teams. And it's not just optimizing box size, its optimizing flow through fulfillment centers to make sure that they are getting the most efficiency in their fulfillment centers as well as getting it to the customers. So, it's not just -- is the box the absolute precisely the optimum box? It's what works in the broader system.
Mark Sutton: The interesting thing Steve is that every e-commerce major player has a slightly different value proposition to customers and this velocity through their supply chain is more important to some than others. And so for the ones that it's as not as important you might actually be able to get to the perfect box even if it slows you down because that's their value proposition. But for others, there's a physics issue here that you've got to be able to load the product through the value chain. And so we're at the table with all the major people who sell direct and helping them to figure out not how to make a box smaller how to make their business model work better. And sometimes that changes the amount of packaging needed. Sometimes it actually improves our economics because of the way we're able to help them meet their goals.
Steven Chercover: Terrific. Yes, that's what I wanted to clarify that it's not necessarily a negative just because the volume is lower. And my other quick question was with respect to Consumer Packaging. I mean you're not directly reporting it but you still have a lot of skin in the game. So, are you optimistic about the prognosis for the industry and are you happy with how your partner is behaving?
Mark Sutton: I would say the investment we made with our business into Graphic is doing what we expected it to do. They're building out the business, integrating the SPS. We think that that is working out as intended. And I think the market is -- got a lot of potential because you see every day question marks about types of packaging, single-use packaging, sustainable versus non-sustainable, and I think it's going to be an interesting ride as we look at policy and we look at consumer preferences. But those products are pretty good pretty well-positioned for where the buyer and the public sentiment is going.
Steven Chercover: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Mark and Tim, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning.
Adam Josephson: Tim, just one on the guidance. The one -- thanks for the bridge earlier. The EBITDA guidance seems like it's around $815 million, which seems to imply the year is going to be somewhat back-half weighted. I know maintenance costs are appreciably lower in the second half as they are every year. And I know you called out seasonality a fair bit. Is there a way to help us just with what the seasonality impact is in 1Q perhaps relative to the other three quarters? Just so we can get a figure out how you're getting to that full year guidance based on what you talked about for 1Q?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, sure. I mean, directionally it's probably our lowest quarter from a demand standpoint seasonally. So it picks up in the second quarter. And it used to be that the fourth quarter was a weaker quarter as well, but we've seen that change over the past three or four years. Your comment on maintenance outages is correct. In the first half of the year we'll have roughly 80% of our maintenance outages completed, and then it drops off significantly in the third, and again, significantly in the fourth quarter as well.
Adam Josephson: Okay. Thanks for that. And Mark on Europe, European containerboard prices are falling a fair bit. And obviously you're interested in getting into that market earlier last year. I mean, what are your thoughts about that market at this point with the overcapacity situation there the demand? And any implications of what's happening there for what may happen in the U.S. at some point down the road? Thank you.
Mark Sutton: It's a good question, Adam. I think the European market is different than the U.S. and the price of containerboard and the price of boxes behave a little bit differently. I think I've made this comment before. With the recycled part of that industry, which is 75%, 78% of it, it's really a series of regional markets. So, lower containerboard prices on average in Europe don't mean a whole lot. It means something in a region, but not across Europe. And then there's always the spread between recycled linerboard and the virgin paper that's typically used because it's needed for some performance spec. And so that's how that market kind of frames up. And as far back as I can personally remember there's always been somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% overcapacity, nameplate capacity of containerboard versus demand. But because of that regional nature you had very good parts of the market even if you got an average overcapacity. We tend to be targeted right now in the southern part of Europe with a certain end-use box mix and largely are going to be mostly integrated on our recycled grades with Madrid. And we're integrated on our Kraftliner from the U.S. So we like our position we have right now. I think over time it'll depend on how the European industry evolves. But you've really got to think about, my premise is you have to think about it as multiple regional markets.
Adam Josephson: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner: Good morning, Tim. Good morning, Mark. Just focusing on cash and the return of cash to shareholders. For a minute, I mean, if I look at the $1.65 billion of free cash flow in 2018 and you're pretty close to that 50% payout ratio on the dividend, but then on -- so one I guess just questioning whether you would increase the dividend further or maybe just some caution on doing that just as we get later into the current cycle. And then the second part is really on the share repurchase versus debt reduction. I mean you're right at the sort of long-term target on the balance sheet as far as net debt. I mean how should we think about debt reduction versus share repurchase at this point in the cycle?
Tim Nicholls: Yes so, two good questions. The first on the dividend, we typically look at that once a year and we tend to do it in the fourth quarter. That's been our practice over the past seven or eight years and we'll continue to do that. The key is that, we want it to be sustainable. And so we'll evaluate how we're thinking about things when we come to it later this year. In terms of debt reduction and share repurchases as you can imagine, it would be somewhat situational and based on what we think of as the outlook that we're heading into. So we are in the range, but we're at the top end of the range on the balance sheet. We believe the balance sheet strength is foundational to the company, so we'll look at that very seriously. And if there is opportunities to buy our shares below what we believe intrinsic value to be, we're going to be very active on that as well. So what we're trying to do is saying, there's a lot of cash and it's going to be applied to debt reduction and share repurchase and we will be as thoughtful as we can be as to how we divide the two.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And how should we think about sort of the annual share creep as we go forward?
Tim Nicholls: The annual share creep, are you talking about from incentive compensations?
Scott Gaffner: From compensation correct.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I'm not going to forecast what hasn't been fully approved yet because that comes later in the first quarter. But we said minimum share repurchases of dilution. We ended the year at 400 million shares and you saw what we did last year. And you see the guidance that we've given this year around how much cash we have for debt reduction and share repurchase. So it will be well -- I would imagine it will be well in excess of any dilution that we see from incentive comp.
Mark Sutton: Yes, Scott. I think one way to think about what we're trying to do and it's a little bit different for International Paper over the prior period, but we're trying to figure out how to optimize for our shareholder base, the long-term returns through good investments and the short-term capital returns that happen through a dividend and share repurchases. And as we said last year, we have not been as systematic and as understandable in that area. We think we made a lot of progress in 2018 and we plan on continuing that in 2019. But the balance sheet being in that zone that Tim described 2.5 to 2.8 is really important to us. We think it's the right way to run a basic materials company and a company that is exposed to the kinds of economic cycles we are. But we do want to do and we're committed to doing a better job that shareholders understand on short-term capital returns and the longer-term returns that in many cases are the source of some of the cash flow that we actually have to allocate. The investments we made yesterday are producing this cash flow today.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Just one last quick one on box shipments, can you just talk about the cadence throughout the fourth quarter how you saw that progressed? Appreciate it.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It was fairly even October and November and then we finished strong in December. So on balance we had a strong quarter -- fourth quarter of 2018.
Scott Gaffner: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: One point that you've made in the past is fluff pulp tends to have much more stable pricing than commodity paper grade pulp and certainly that's what we've been seeing so far. Now that, we've got a lot of the contracts now in place recognizing some reference to the commercial activity you talked about before, but are most of the contracts in place now that you have a good visibility for the great majority of what your fluff pulp pricing will be this year, or does that actually move with other indexes et cetera?
Mark Sutton: A portion Mark of our mix is contracted for the year and we know what that visibility is. There's a portion of the mix that is not on long-term contracts and so we've got pretty good visibility. And it's a true statement that the absorbent pulp is much more resilient on a price – well from a price perspective. Again, there's always the question mark of how it compares to people who can make both softwood market pulp and fluff what's happening in the other market that's been under pressure. So you would typically see any available slowing capacity that could make fluff that has a qualified quality product to move into fluff. And that happens from time-to-time based on the health of the softwood market. I think we've seen a little bit of that play out as we went through the – especially the second half of the fourth quarter. But with the growth rate and the type of products that ultimately this pulp goes into we feel real good about the market itself and our position in the market. And we think pricing will continue to be much more resilient than a typical softwood pulp grade would be.
Mark Weintraub: Sure. That makes a lot of sense. And just – given that you've got more of a global footprint than many of the other folks in the industry. I was hoping that you might provide a view on what you're seeing outside of North America and where there are maybe places of weakness or relative strength?
Mark Sutton: I think we see what you see. I mean, you hear about Europe and some of the country-by-country distractions that are going on whether it's France, Germany or Brexit that all results in a slightly lower economic rate of growth in Europe. And we see that, that's what Tim was talking about on some of the containerboard comments on export both volume and price. We also see there is no secret that Chinese economy is slowing. We don't have a direct impact in some cases because of the types of products we sell there, but we see a demand change. And again, it's hard to figure out right now because of the overlay with Chinese New Year. And then I think, there's some disturbances on currency. Turkey's a great example. A lot of times that ends up being temporary, but that is a little bit of turmoil right now. Latin America is actually improving. I think our biggest exposure is what we make in Brazil and sell everywhere else in Latin America, mostly white paper. That's actually kind of looking up, because of the new government in Brazil and the stabilization other than what's happening of course in Venezuela which we have no exposure to. We feel pretty good about the stability of Latin America. But I think it's really Europe and how they've manage through their political issues and what ends up happening. I'm hopeful that, we figure out a solution between the U.S. and China on trade and the things that might be weighing on that whole exchange of commerce and we'll benefit, our customers will benefit and that's how that we benefit. So we're doing our part to try to influence policy and work on that as one of many voices.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thanks for the quick tour. Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Q – Chip Dillon: Yes, good morning and thanks for all the details. I had a question on the maintenance change from year-to-year. It looks like it's going down maybe $20 million, $25 million. And I recall a year or so ago you talked about shifting from a 12-month to an 18-month rotation if I had that right and that would cause 2018 to be much higher or that -- 2019 would be I thought down closer to $60 million or even more. Maybe it was $100 million. But could you just talk to us what's going on with maintenance and maybe why it didn't fall as far as maybe if I heard you right a year ago as you thought it would?
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes, hey Chip, it's Tim. So I think what we said a year ago at this time was that on a normalized level, we saw maintenance outage spending in the $460 million to $470 million range and last year was an elevated year and we expected some decrease in 2019. But you do this planning to varying degrees in terms of how far out in time you go. And so as we're into the second half of the year and later in the year finalizing some of that planning there's a little bit more for 2019 than we thought there could have been in this time last year. But we constantly work that number too, so that's a target. And our goal is to try to bring it as low as possible. But that, I mean, that's really the simplest explanation for how it rolls up.
Q – Chip Dillon: Okay. So in other words there could be more room down in the future?
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes.
Q – Chip Dillon: Okay, okay. And then just back to the dividend. You guys have actually raised it at least once, but generally once a year for the last nine years. There are a lot of companies that tend to fall into different kind of screens when they start to get into double digits. And I know that it's very important that it remains sustainable so you don't want to get ahead of your skis on that, but what is your thought in terms of having some increase every year versus holding back and making it more meaningful and not raising it every year? Have you ever thought about that?
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes. And I think we go back to what we said about 40% to 50% of free cash flow. So we want it to be sustainable. We have a target range of free cash. And we look at longer term not just the year we're in, but longer-term planning about how we feel about that cash flow -- that cash flow stream. And we have a very good dividend today, but we also have as I mentioned earlier the option of returning more cash through share repurchases as well. So I'm not making a call one way or the other. I'm just saying that's the framework that we look at and that's the same framework we'll go through later this year when we evaluate it.
Q – Chip Dillon: Okay. And then last one quickly on the whole -- on the Fluff Pulp business. How much would you say the issue with the customer shift is likely to take away this year? Maybe it's an EBITDA number that you can give us. And I assume it's all in the first half. And if you make the replacement as you expect could -- and let's say prices stay where they are, would there be any reason you wouldn't see the results whether it's EBITDA or EBIT in the fourth quarter be comparable or better than what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2018?
A – Tim Nicholls: Well, there's a lot of moving parts as you referenced some of them. But yes we think it's going to take us a couple of quarters for this to be fully resolved. I would hesitate to get into forecasting specific items across the company, but you see the impact in the first quarter from volume and the extra costs related to unabsorbed fixed. And as we referenced, we see it correcting itself in the second to third quarter and then we also provided how EBITDA is shaking out, we think, for the year. So I...
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think that's the way to think about it. I mean the guidance we gave on full company full year EBITDA factors in the specific issue along with some others, but the specific issue we mentioned in Cellulose Fibers. And I would -- the way I think about it, we were on a very good trend. We're still on a good trend, except for this one issue that we'll recover from. So I think about it as sort of quarter-and-a-half, two-quarter pause in our integration of that business, outperforming the market, heading toward really being almost a year ahead of the investment plan. And we'll be in the second half of the year fully back on the track. And we factored that into the full year outlook. Had none of this happened, in a perfect world with hindsight, we would see that incremental improvement. So we left that incremental improvement on the table. We're going to do our best. It's only January 31, so we're going to do our best to close that gap. But that's our best thinking right now in terms of how that flows into the full year company outlook.
Chip Dillon: Great. Thanks for the details.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Mark Sutton: Hi, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Mark, appreciate the color and the perspective you gave on the slide around value creation. One thing you didn't really mention on there was acquisitions. I'm just wondering, how you're really thinking about that these days, whether it be mill assets globally, or converting assets in different regions. Has that changed meaningfully in the last couple of months? And presumably, multiples have come down a little bit, or some of the public equity multiples have changed. Would that impact your thinking on uses of cash from here, so just general thoughts on M&A at this point?
Mark Sutton: On the small types of acquisitions, where you could be talking about a box plant or something like that, there's always an opportunity to compare the economics of acquiring a plant in a location with a certain book of business, versus if you're already in that region, like the U.S. For us, we are everywhere, so we could organically invest the same amount of money or less in four plants and get exactly what we need, exactly where we need it. That typically ends up winning out for International Paper. It may not be the right decision for other companies, because they may have a total lack of capacity in an area, but for us, most of our investments that look and smell like acquisitions on the small end had been organic investments. But we'll always compare the options when we're looking to improve a part of the business, what's the best economic way to do it. And it's not simply just the financials. Do you like the location? Do you like the customers? Is it actually part of your strategy or is it just for sale? We don't like to buy things that are just for sale, if they're not part of the original strategic intent we have. And so I wouldn't say we'd never look at it, because it would be probably foolish to say that, because you could miss a good opportunity that's better than an organic investment. But that's how we think about it. The reason you haven't seen us do much of it, is we've had better options organically with our internal asset base.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Appreciate the color. And then, just one last one on the -- back to the Cellulose Fibers issue. Just thinking about it operationally how this would work, will you be continuing to run that volume that you would have otherwise sold, and keep it in inventory until such time when you think you can find a home for it? Or operationally do you think you're just going to run those assets at a lower rate for the time being? And then, assuming you do find some new customers for it, do you think there'll be qualification period needed there? Or operationally do you think you're just going to run those assets at a lower rate for the time being? And then assuming you do find some new customers for it, do you think there'll be qualification period needed there? Or are we talking about stuff that's pretty ubiquitous and pretty easily qualified in with the kind of customers you usually deal with?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, you're right. It does vary from customer to customer so there'll be probably some of all of that. To your question on running, I think we've been very straightforward about running our businesses to our customers' demand and making sure that we are optimizing our supply chain. And hence you saw the reference in the commentary of the unabsorbed fixed charge that we'll have in the quarter because we won't be running and covering that fixed cost.
Mark Sutton: I think the other reality on the replacement is in most cases it is with existing customers. It's just a matter of capturing that growth. Some of those customers are in the macro backdrop that Tim described around the last part of the fourth quarter with some slowing demand heading into Chinese New Year; some like in containerboard with a very tight fluff pulp market; some buying patterns that occurred when you could get it; and then some destocking. If you think about interruptions we -- just our company had, and we're a large player, we had some operating issues earlier in the year we shared with you and then we had a hurricane and other things that I think for customers they say, man I better get what I can get now if it's qualified. So, that's part of what's happening. It's just the ability for that to regain traction. The good news is it's the kind of product in most cases that we're already qualified on with many existing accounts that are growing at rates higher than the average. So, that's why I'm really confident we'll be able taking -- it's going to take a little longer than our original plan hence why we termed the decision a poor decision. We didn't just -- we just didn't have the execution of the recovery properly done.
Brian Maguire: Okay, appreciate the color guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Hajde of Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe Hajde: Good morning gentlemen. Thanks for taking the question. The first one centers around, I guess, mill outage or production. 2018 kind of struck me as a pretty heavy year. You guys had roughly 520,000 tons of lost production from maintenance. Is there any way to help us understand what 2019 could look like given what you know now and what you plan to do in the mills? Or I guess maybe in another way is there incremental production that you would have access to that you otherwise didn't in 2018 due to the maintenance?
Tim Nicholls: Well, there's always a lot of puts and takes around capital projects that are completed during the current year and you get the benefit of it next year. Maybe the way to think about it is just from a dollar standpoint. In 2018, we spent $548 million on outages and we're guiding to $525 million this year. But as I referenced in an earlier comment we're always looking to do that more efficiently and evaluate whether certain things absolutely have to be done or not. So, we're going to -- we have the target of $525 million, but we're obviously going to try to be lower than that in terms of our spending.
Gabe Hajde: Okay. And then can you remind us any debottlenecking efforts that you completed in 2017 or 2018 that would flow through into 2019 in terms of again incremental capacity? And I don't -- I apologize if you said Mark, if you confirmed that you did or did not go out with a price increase in the white paper?
Mark Sutton: Gabe, I didn't answer that question. So as we always say pricing, especially forward-looking pricing is really between International Paper and our customers. So you didn't miss anything.
Tim Nicholls: The only big material debottlenecking was our Maysville containerboard mill, which is a non-integrated mill. It produces recycled --sorry, lost my train of thought for a minute, our recycled containerboard. So we had a major project that, I think it started back in late July and it took us about 30-plus days to complete the project itself and it's running well. But other than that it's just the normal small stuff, the benefits that you get from maintenance outages and things like that.
Gabe Hajde: Thank you, gentlemen, and good luck in the year.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn of RBC Capital.
Paul Quinn: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Just following up on this line of question around cellulose pulp. Just -- I'm trying to get idea to what you think the China slowdown right now. How much of that is a factor the U.S. - China trade issue? And then if you could outline sort of in broad strokes what your percentage exposure to the Chinese market is on pulp for SBSK and I guess NBSK at Ilim?
Mark Sutton: I think the cost of the slowdown, how much of it is related to the U.S. - China trade discussion is hard to predict. I hear all kinds of assessments of it. But clearly if China was in the high-single digits in terms of growth and now they're in the mid to low I think a reasonable expectation is that -- a catalyst for that is the kind of uncertainty that's been put in place with these trade negotiations. That's why I think underlying demand is not really changing all that much. But when you're not sure about the trade environment you -- and the Chinese are very good at inventory management, you just use your inventory for a while. So we are speaking with all of our customers, trying to understand are consumers buying less of the product, it's the type of product that typically that doesn't happen unless you just can't afford it? Or is it you have enough inventory and we don't need the input material, which is the fluff pulp in its greater quantities? So, for your second part of the question. For our absorbent product pulp, so the fluff pulp category about 33% of our product goes into China.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now return the call to Guillermo Gutierrez for any additional or closing remarks.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, again, for joining International Paper's fourth quarter earnings call. As always Michele and I will be available for follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the fourth quarter and full year 2018 International Paper earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.
Analysts: Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time, we would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Company Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President-Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation to those figures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2018 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and the Graphic Packaging investments, slide 2 also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on slide 3. International Paper delivered very strong performance in the third quarter with more than 50% earnings growth year-over-year and building on our solid performance in the first half of the year. We expect the momentum in our businesses to continue into the fourth quarter and into 2019. Coming back to the third quarter, we had solid commercial performance and continued price realization across our three businesses. And, overall, we see continued healthy demand for our products globally. We are facing cost headwinds from distribution and most of our inputs, but again we see this as a reflection of the strong economy that we're operating in and the healthy underlying demand for our products. Our operations performed well in a lighter planned maintenance outage quarter and our teams managed extremely well through Hurricane Florence. Tim will cover the financial impact of Hurricane Florence in more detail. But, first, I want to thank the employees in our company who were impacted by the historic storm for their commitment to prepare, recover and restart our facilities safely and clearly in the face of their own personal hardship. I'm also very proud of the response by the IP family. IP and our Employee Relief Fund provided $1.8 million in emergency funds at the time it was needed to more than 1,200 employees to assist them with the basic needs in the aftermath of the storm. I think this is a great example of what we call The o – doing the right things and the right ways for the right reasons all of the time. Turning to the financial results on slide 4, revenue increased by more than 7% year-over-year on solid commercial performance and continued healthy demand. EBITDA improved by nearly 18% year-over-year with very strong margin expansion across our three businesses. Our North American Industrial Packaging business performed very well. We are ahead of the industry volume growth in the third quarter, driven by our focus on segments that are benefiting from strong secular growth trend Our Global Cellulose Fibers business delivered record fluff pulp shipments in the third quarter despite the impact of Hurricane Florence, and our Papers business delivered very strong results globally with outstanding commercial and operational performance. Our equity earnings in the quarter were $92 million dollars, which includes $74 million from our Ilim joint venture and $19 million from our ownership interest in Graphic Packaging. Free cash flow accelerated in the third quarter on very strong cash from operations and lower CapEx versus the second quarter as we expected. All in, the company delivered a very strong performance and we managed it extremely well through the hurricane. I'll now turn it over to Tim who will cover the performance across our three businesses as well as our fourth quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. I'm on slide 5 which shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share bridge. Operating earnings improved $0.37 sequentially, driven by strong commercial performance and lower planned maintenance outage expense. Third quarter results were negatively impacted by $36 million related to Hurricane Florence. During the quarter, we also had a favorable one-time true-up of $24 million across all businesses that will not repeat in the fourth quarter. This was mainly related to lower health and medical benefit cost. And in operations and cost, we also had higher expenses related to the Madrid mill start-up. Input costs and distribution were unfavorable, with higher costs sequentially across most inputs. The distribution environment remains very tight and our businesses continue to work aggressively to mitigate the impact. Corporate expense and taxes were favorable with a 24% effective tax rate driven by discrete tax benefits in the quarter. Lastly, equity earnings were higher sequentially despite a non-cash FX charge on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated debt which works out to be about a $0.06 deduction to our EPS. As Mark said, it was a very strong performance for the company. Turning to slide 6, I'll provide more details on the financial impact of Hurricane Florence. As I mentioned earlier, we had a $36 million impact in the third quarter, which includes $8 million in volume and $28 million in operations. Looking ahead, we expect a $15 million impact in the fourth quarter, mostly in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. With regard to insurance recovery, we're currently working with our providers to determine the potential recovery, but do not expect any material proceeds in the fourth quarter. I'd also point out that the hurricane is deemed as a single event, so our deductible will be $20 million across the enterprise. So, I'll start with the segments on slide 7, first with our North American or Industrial Packaging business, and in North America, the business performed very well delivering $622 million in earnings and a 24% EBITDA margin. By the end of the quarter, we had realized 90% of our recent box price increase. And overall, we continue to see healthy demand across all channels. I'll have more on that in just a minute. Input and distribution costs were a headwind in the third quarter across most inputs, including recovered fiber which increased by $14 million sequentially. Performance in our European Packaging business was impacted by start-up and commissioning cost as well as the overhead burden of a mill that was not at a full ramp. All in, that was a $25 million dollar impact in the quarter. Additionally, box demand was seasonally lower and we experienced especially weak fruit and vegetable demand due to adverse weather conditions. A brief update on the Madrid mill. The mill started up in the quarter. We're making progress as we go through the checkout and test phase and we'll continue to ramp up operations and production as the quarter progresses. Overall, we're confident of the business fundamentals and very pleased with the strong performance in North America and momentum in the fourth quarter. In Europe, we anticipate seasonally stronger demand and we'll start capturing integrated margins on recycled containerboard as the Madrid mill ramps up. Coming back to the North American Packaging business on slide 8. An important contributor to our strong performance is our deliberate focus to serve the fastest-growing segments and be aligned with the best customers across all segments. While our scale and footprint enables us to serve just about every corrugated segment, we are leading the way in e-commerce, fresh produce and protein. Across the business, we have segment-specific innovation teams who work with our customers to develop value-creating packaging solutions. This is ultimately how value is created from fiber to the consumer, and it is a driver of why our box shipments are outperforming the industry as reflected by our third quarter box shipments, which were up 1.5% year over year on a blended basis. On slide 9, the Global Cellulose Fibers business delivered earnings of $85 million and 21% EBITDA margins in the third quarter, driven by strong commercial performance and price realization across our portfolio. As I mentioned before, Hurricane Florence impacted results in the business by $28 million, which includes a $7 million impact to volume. Even with the hurricane, the business had record fluff pulp shipments of 8% growth year-over-year in the third quarter. Our strong growth is driven by understanding and addressing our customers' needs. We have a unique and powerful innovation engine and an unmatched service model with global reach and local execution. And our multi-mill system allows us to deliver the value to customers in the fast-growing, absorbent markets around the world. Part of that mill system advantage goes back to the conversion we undertook at Riegelwood in mid-2016. For us, it was the right decision at that time and has enabled us to support the strong growth we see today. We've delivered more than 450,000 tons of fluff pulp through our customers from Riegelwood which is right in-line with expectations. Moving to Printing Papers on page 10. The business delivered outstanding results globally on strong commercial and operating performance as well as lower planned maintenance outage expense. EBITDA margins were 23% across the segment with all the regions contributing to a strong quarter. Input costs were a headwind in the quarter and year-over-year, driven by higher wood, energy and chemicals. And in North America, distribution costs remain a challenge. Overall, an extremely good quarter across all geographies. On slide 11, the Ilim joint venture continues to deliver solid financial performance with operating EBITDA of $297 million and an EBITDA margin of 45% in the third quarter. That's before foreign exchange charges. Volume was down sequentially due to heavy planned maintenance outages in the quarter. IP's equity earnings were $74 million and were impacted by a non-cash foreign exchange charge on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated net debt, of which IP's after-tax portion was $23 million. Taking a look at year-to-date performance, operating EBITDA through the third quarter is $898 million dollars, almost double last year at this time. So, turning to the outlook on slide 12. In our Industrial Packaging business, we expect to see the last part of the recent price increase in North America. Volume is expected to be a $10 million benefit from stronger seasonal demand in North America and Europe. Operations are expected to be flat sequentially as improved mill operations and lower Madrid mill expenses are offset by the non-repeat of the third quarter true-up I mentioned earlier. Staying with Industrial Packaging, outage expense will be $57 million lower and input costs are expected to be stable. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, additional price realization will be largely offset by geographic and product mix in the fourth quarter. Volume is expected to be a $5 million benefit and operations are expected to improve by $5 million. Outage expense will be $3 million higher in the quarter. In our Printing Papers business, we expect to see a $10 million benefit from our recent price increases and improved mix. Volume is also expected to improve sequentially on stronger seasonal demand in Latin America and Europe, with an expected benefit of $10 million. Operations are expected to be a $15 million headwind in the quarter. This includes approximately $10 million of currency headwinds in Brazil. Outage expense will be $3 million higher and input costs will be a $10 million headwind, largely due to higher wood cost in Brazil and Russia. Under equity earnings, you will see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture and investment in Graphic Packaging. And in other items, we include corporate and interest expense and our estimated effective tax rate for the fourth quarter. On slide 13, turning to capital allocation. Last quarter, I shared with you our capital allocation framework and more specifics on how we will maximize value creation. I want to take a moment to update you on the recent actions and provide additional clarity on what you can expect from International Paper. So, let's start with the balance sheet. In the quarter, we took a couple of actions to derisk our pension plan and further reduce our exposure to our pension liability. First, we executed a pension liability transfer of $1.6 billion, which was funded entirely with planned assets. We also, based on improved funding levels that we saw as we were exiting the quarter, we decided to adopt a more conservative approach on asset allocation, increasing our fixed income investments and reducing our allocation to equities. The key takeaway here is that we see no funding requirements on the horizon. As I said last quarter, we will maintain a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating with a target debt-to-EBITDA of 2.5 to 2.8 times on a Moody's basis. We are currently at about 2.9, so improving our leverage ratio is a priority. Turning to cash back to shareholders, returning cash is a meaningful part of our capital allocation framework and it will be as we go forward. Earlier this month, we increased our dividend by 5.3% to $2 annually. This is the seventh consecutive annual increase since 2011 and reinforces our commitment to a competitive and sustainable dividend of 40% or 50% of free cash flow. Also earlier this month, our board of directors authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program. This is incremental to the $400 million remaining from a previous authorization at the end of the third quarter. And in the third quarter, we completed $200 million in share repurchases. Going forward, you can expect our share repurchases to be thoughtful and have a consistent cadence based on value. Turning to investments and as we committed last quarter, M&A will be disciplined, selective and compelling. And we will invest to create through organic projects that are grounded on clear, strategic and financial logic. Currently, for 2018, we are expecting that our spending on capital will be approximately $1.6 billion due to the timing of spend on very attractive strategic projects. And staying on the topic of capital allocation, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Tim. And on a related topic, I'd like to cover in this section of our call I want to share with you an update on our portfolio. After careful consideration, we have decided to explore strategic options for our Brazil Packaging business, including the possible sale of the business. Essentially, we have concluded that we cannot competitively serve the Brazil Packaging segment with the structure of our existing business. We plan to provide appropriate updates as we go forward. And coming back to Tim's remarks on capital allocation, to me, it's all about value creation. That's what drives our decisions. Our approach to capital allocation reflects our confidence in International Paper's strong free cash flow generation and our long-term outlook. Turning now to slide 14, I want to take this opportunity to share my views on International Paper and our performance. We delivered a very good third quarter and are well-positioned for a strong fourth quarter with momentum as we move into 2019. We see continued healthy demand globally for our products, but that's not the whole story. The way I see it, it all starts with our customers and our focus on commercial excellence. There's a lot behind those words. It's all about making sure we have the customer relationships and the best value chain to solve their needs – from fiber to box, from fiber to fluff pulp, and from fiber to paper. It's about International Paper's unique capabilities to solve our customers' unique needs. And speaking to packaging specifically, we're very confident in our ability to provide our customers with the best packaging solutions, because ultimately that's what matters – to be the preferred partner, to develop and supply the actual package. Across all of our businesses, we have unique capabilities to thrive through just about any challenge we may face. We have the people, the innovation, the products and a low-cost, high-quality manufacturing system to succeed with our customers. And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is going to come from the line of Steve Chercover, D.A. Davidson.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Two quick questions for me. First of all, it's good to know you still have about 10% of the containerboard price hike yet to be realized. And I'm just wondering, is it your client mix that is maybe a little slower in implementation than the competition?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Steve. It's Tim. It's all based on contracts and the negotiation around those contracts as we go through the implementation. So, for us, it's kind of a normal type of implementation across the mix of business that we have. And if you remember going back to the second quarter, we actually were able to accelerate part of that realization at the end of the second quarter and then I think the third quarter followed right as we would have expected it to.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for that, Tim. And then also on containerboard but this time in Europe, the operating profit is a little bit disappointing. And I know that part of that is due to the Madrid start-up and that will be ultimately part of the solution. But is the margin differential between Europe and North America also somewhat attributable to like your transfer pricing of the board that you shipped from North America across the pond?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I'll take the transfer pricing question. Mark probably wants to comment on the margins in Europe. We transfer at markets, so we are in the open market. We are shipping board to our integrated business. And everything we do, whether it's here in North America or other parts of the world, we're always attempting to be right on top of a market price as we think about how we sell to our integrated businesses.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: And Steve, this is Mark. On the plan we have for Europe, we see the combination of the competitive Southern European focused box business with the integration of our high-performance Madrid mill and the integration of the U.S. kraftliner into our Kraftliner segment. As Tim said, the profit for that shows up in the U.S. business. We see our business being able to get to competitive European EBITDA margins. Now, remember, there's always going to be a gap in EBITDA margins. In a North American context, you got a lot more capital employed with virgin mills than you do in Europe. So, working toward a cost of capital return, you get there with lower EBITDA margins in Europe than you would in a higher CapEx environment that you have in North America. But in North America, you generate your own energy, you have a different cost structure, so you trade capital for operating cost, and the goal is to create value by getting well above our cost of capital in both business models.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: That's good color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Adam Josephson, KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Mark, I'm just – my first question on your demand; Europe, a healthy 1.5% in the quarter. Did you see anything – have you seen anything much different in October and were you at all surprised by the slowdown in the rate of industry growth as the quarter progressed?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. In our quarter – hey, Adam. It's Tim.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: In our quarter, we felt very good about; it was very strong and we see it continuing into October into the fourth quarter. So, we only know what we see in terms of the segments that we're exposed to and the customer mix that we have. And as I've pointed out in the comments, we think we have the best customers across all of our segments but especially within these faster-growing segments very well-positioned. So, right now as we're in October, it feels like our third quarter momentum has continued.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. And Mark, just one question on vertical integration. I think you addressed this on the last call because there was a capacity addition announced on the day of your 2Q call and the question of vertical integration came up. The open market is supposed to be pretty small. But obviously, we've seen four capacity announcements in recent months from nonintegrated producers and the obvious question is where is all that paper going to go? What are your thoughts about that issue and why the limited open market has not prevented this number of capacity announcements of late, appreciating that we don't know for sure that they'll all come on but assuming they will.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: It's a great question, Adam, and I think your last qualification is a valid one. We don't really know how all of the capacity will play out. But as I said in my remarks, what really matters is the actual packaging solution, the box and the supply chain services you provide for customers. So being an open market provider of one or two grades of containerboard, you might find a place in that value chain and you might not. And I think the last time, in the 2015-2016 period where some capacity was added by different types of industry participants including nonintegrated, we saw a wide range of outcomes, from complete failure to being acquired by a vertically-integrated company and everything in between. And I think we're probably going to see some of that here as well. The way I look at it though, Adam, the big picture is containerboard globally is growing. And the virgin containerboard that's made competitively in the U.S. primarily is going to feed a lot of the fiber need. There are some dislocations right now, but I think we're going to see that mass balance of fiber to where packaging is made settle out over time because the corrugated box is a really good packaging solution for so many different segments, so I think that's what's going to happen. I said that and others said that in our company when we met with investors a few years ago, it sort of turned out that way. So, I guess we will have to see how things transpire over the next couple of years but I feel really confident about the supply chain, the value of integration because it's what addresses the customers' need.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Gabe Hajde, Wells Fargo Securities.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, congratulations on a strong quarter. Question on inventories and where you sit today and we've heard a lot about increased distribution costs and such, and it doesn't look like that's going away anytime soon. Just how you feel about inventories in your system and highoperating rates as we look at industry data, how that might persist through the fourth quarter?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Gabe, it's Tim. We feel better about our inventory levels now than we have in a long time just based on a string of events, whether it was natural disasters or specific issues that impacted our mills. We spent most of last year and much of this year really working our supply chain hard to get back to more sustainable levels of inventory at a time when you had all of the transportation issues – first, rail; and then truck and so it's been timing to get product where it needs to go, but it's also been sourcing the right kind of transportation at the right time. So, I would say, across our channels, we've been chasing to catch up on orders especially in the export markets and also working hard to get back to a sustainable footing on inventory levels and I feel like we're just now beginning to get there.
Gabe S. Hajde - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chip Dillon, Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, Mark and Tim. If you could just clarify the year for the CapEx number, the $1.6 billion, and then my main question is the – if you look at industry data, obviously, we've seen a surge of export activity in the last quarter. I think September was the highest for any quarter or any month on record. And I just wanted – it would be one thing if we were seeing a soft economy and you guys weren't running your mills to the max. But looking at the operating rates, it would seem to suggest that there was actually a desire to get board out there, and I just didn't know if you could help us understand what's causing the export market to be so attractive to make such a stretch to supply it?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, I think you've seen -good morning, Chip, it's Tim again. I think you've seen the price realizations over a period of time. The demand has been and continues to be very strong across all of the geographies that we serve and we've always thought of export as something as a strategic channel to market for us especially with a core group of customers. Part of what we've been doing, as I referenced in the response to the last question, is just catching up on orders as backlogs had extended out in time. So we saw healthy demand in the quarter. We continue to see healthy demand. I think that continues as we exit 2018 and go into next year. And it's been that way for several years in a row now, so this is not something that's new. The demand has been there consistently. On the capital spending, it's really timing. We're a little bit lower last year than what we had guided to and part of that has spilled over into this year and so we're thinking that it's right around $1.6 billion in 2018 after being $1.4 billion last year.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, this is my follow-up. Could you talk a little bit about maybe what CapEx will be next year? And in the context of that, if you think about it, the after-tax dividend yield, at least last night, was over 5%. And I know your after-tax borrowing costs are well below that. So, just any thoughts about how that impacts what you were saying about buybacks?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I think – I don't want to try to forecast for people about what we will do. I think we've laid the framework out and we see the same numbers that you see. And so I think the approach that we're taking is we're reporting after the fact what we've done in the quarter and let those actions speak for themselves over time. And the other part of your question about 2019, we're still working through the numbers. It will be lower but we don't have a number that has been finalized at this point. We normally put that out at the end of the fourth quarter when we release in January.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. So, despite the Riverdale project, it will be lower. Thanks. That's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody, thanks for taking the question and for the details. I want to take two questions – one from a packaging standpoint then I want to drill back into dividends and cash flow in a minute. Obviously, you showed better-than-industry growth this quarter and I guess that'd be one way to measure it but could you provide some sort of quantification or a qualitative view on how you're trying to distance your packaging business versus others? And the reason I asked – I mean to the earlier question about paper capacity coming in and the merchant channel being constrained because of all the buyouts that have occurred? In theory, somebody could also start opening up box plants and then you'd have more independent capacity available as well, so how do you quantify or how do you create a moat around your box business and grow that share versus peers from a performance standpoint?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: George, this is Mark, good morning. That's a great question and it's sort of embedded in those words we used in our prepared remarks. But when you think about all the different types of segments that go into the corrugated packaging market and what different customers need, we have the ability, starting with the base material of containerboard, to design the exact right package uniquely for that customer's need. And, in some cases, that's combining three or four different types of grades into a final package. And we control the making of those grades and the quality that goes into that. You can trade off specs on the inside of the box versus the outside. And all of those types of things are what we bring to the customer. In other cases, customers want additional services beyond just the physical package. They want supply chain services, maybe some fulfillment services. In some cases, our smaller customers want help inside of their plants with health and safety and reliability. So when we go to market, we study every customer – what we can offer, what their needs are and we look for where there's a match and where there's an unserved need, and then we go out and we prepare something that really is compelling for our customers. So when Tim talked about the high-growth segments and the customers within those segments, there is a lot of analytical work that goes on in that process of us targeting the segments that we believe will be here in the future and the customers within those segments. And so it's not just the physical box. It's a lot of what we call value-added services for our customers that we hope make our relationship with those customers pretty sticky.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that Mark. And as an aside, I mean do you feel you still have more opportunity to get paid for the additional service components or you feel like you're getting fair value for that? And then, my other question to the dividend and recognizing your commentary today suggest you're comfortable in your outlook and the momentum into 2019 and, yeah, the stock is up today. But when the stock is at $40 a share, the dividend yield is 5% and that is typically a level where people are really beginning to worry about the macro outlook going forward. Not that you're preparing for this but could you remind us how quickly and, to what degree, could you reduce CapEx if you needed to if there was something on the horizon that we're not all seeing yet and why and what issues you may have in securing the dividend through the cycle? Thank you, guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Thanks, George, this is Tim. Just on the capital, I mean go back and look at what we've done in prior periods. All the years are different. Circumstances are different. But I think we've demonstrated, over time, a level of flexibility where we can manage capital in the moment if we absolutely have to.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: George, I would add on that though. The context to your question is about how do you operate, what's your flexibility in a differing economic environment, a downturn or something like that. It's more than just capital though. We've got a cost structure that has a high component of variable cost that we can adjust based on demand, and you've seen us do that in the past. And we've worked very hard to make our marginal economics model for how we buy every input and how we schedule machines and what we make. And when we make less...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: ...the majority of our costs are variable. They go away. And so, we've got the ability to manage our cash flow which is what I meant when I said we are well-positioned to deal and thrive through almost any set of conditions that are out there, especially on a relative basis. And part of that is just the scale of the company and the ability for us to be able to make decisions in high-demand periods, in medium-demand periods, and in low-demand periods. So, we feel good about that flexibility beyond just the ability to temporarily cut capital. It's much more than that.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the context. Thank you, guys. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Debbie Jones, Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, two questions. One, I jumped in late, so I wasn't sure if you mentioned October volumes to-date. And then if you could just comment on any the kind of regional differences that you're seeing East or West Coast related to Ag or whatnot?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Debbie, it's Tim. Yeah, we did cover it a little – a few minutes ago. But the synopsis was that we had a strong quarter in the third quarter. We've actually outperformed market all year long based on a lot of the factors that we talked about in the commentary, and we see that momentum continuing in October as we've gone through the month. So, I think you could look at third quarter and see the similar type of result so far.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, sorry about the repeat. But my second...
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No problem.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: ... question, you have touched on this as well, but just kind of broadly speaking, I actually think it – it's actually not that surprising that you're seeing a lot of international players looking to build capacity in North America just given the increasing environmental restraints, higher cost of production that you're seeing with wage increases and things like that. And I'm just wondering if you think about getting more involved in kind of taking control of the supply that's going offshore, what you would need to feel more comfortable about that, because I think a lot of the concern for investors is just who's adding the capacity and kind of not really understanding what they might do with it.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, Debbie, that's a great question. I think there's all types of companies that have announced intentions to make some containerboard. I think the fundamental issue that I always come back to and we come back to in International Paper is that the global fiber trade is a global business. And virgin fiber primarily – but not only – but primarily out of the U.S., some in Latin America and some in, let's say, Russia and Northern Europe, is the feedstock for the global packaging business. The markets are growing more in parts of the world that use recycled fiber as we all know. Recycled fiber, depending on where it comes from originally, was new fiber to begin with. So it's not two separate universes. And so it would be expected as the global packaging market grows, to see possibly more fiber being generated out of the competitive markets. So if OCC was working before but now it's not because of environmental concerns, then taking that fiber one step earlier in the process, cleaning it up and making it recycled pulp or something, and then feeding the box market is another business model. Is it cost competitive? I think that's the way markets are designed. We'll have to see. But if there's no other option because of environmental concerns then it becomes the standard. So it's about moving fiber to the places where packaging demand is growing. And I think that's what we're seeing playing out and we're a major participant in that. We've generated very strong margins many times, best-in-class margins as a longtime participant in these global fiber markets when, in some cases, they're not quite as attractive as our domestic box business, but over time, you can see that we've built this channel strategy that's developed into a very strong global competitor.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you for that. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde, BMO.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I've got a couple of questions. First, I understand that Amazon is starting to make some changes in the requirements for packaging from some of their customers beginning in 2019. I think this is more on some of the heavier weight products that they move. Could you just talk about that and talk about the implications for IP?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I don't think we want to talk about customer-specific items, Mark, to be honest.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, it sounds like this affects like maybe 1,000 vendors in the Amazon and sort of what they're going to have to provide in terms of packaging. So I think just as – for the market as a whole, it's a fairly large potential issue.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. And we work closely with all of our customers. And I just – I think on principle, it's better if they speak for themselves and we don't try to. So we're very close with a lot of our customers, all of our customers in e-commerce. We understand the trends. We're working closely with them. I think the key there is that because we are viewed as a leader in the space, they seek our involvement and input. And so we feel like we are on the front-end of a lot of the innovations and changes that come about and I would just leave it at that.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And Mark, just coming back to kind of Debbie's question, I'm just kind of curious. If you think about the cost of making paperboard packaging; next to fiber, energy is usually the second biggest variable cost, so I'm just trying to understand longer-term how you think it makes sense or if you think it makes sense, to basically be passing fiber for recycled packaging through two energy cycles? You got to produce the recycled fiber here in the U.S. and dry it. And then presumably, you're sending it offshore to be rewetted and turned into paperboard and then going through a second energy cycle. It just – it kind of puzzles me how long-term that makes good economic sense?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think it's a great observation, Mark, and it wouldn't seem to make great economic sense, but you always have to measure that value chain against the alternative. And if you have non-tariff and tariff barriers, so other costs that are not operating costs, that raise the cost of your alternatives, one being OCC, one being tariffs on finished products, then the economics change. Is it long-term sustainable? Maybe not, but you've got a burgeoning packaging market in a part of the world that's struggling to get fiber, so in order to survive and provide products for customers, you may do something that raises your costs for a while. And I just think if you look at what makes it economically viable, it's what are your alternatives and right now there are limited alternatives for moving fiber without that extra step of cleaning basically.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Just to kind of complete this thing, would you worry if you were in that kind of situation about just another change in government policy? Because it seems like this whole thing is really swinging around pretty widely on sort of government policy in Washington and government policy in China?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Would I worry? Absolutely. I think you have to stay heavily engaged in government policy. So, when you look at the type of investments being made in odd wood baskets and those kinds of things, I think is reflective of some uncertainty about, well, how long will I need this investment, is it going to be permanent, is it going to be for a while? I think we've got to see all of that play out, but back to what I said at the beginning, this fiber has to move to where the packaging has to be made for customers and it will. It will find a way to move and the economics are going to be driven by the absolute cost of manufacturing and the nonmanufacturing cost of government policy.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks, Mark. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question would come from the line of Anthony Pettinari, Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Regarding the Brazil Packaging decision, I'm wondering if there's a timeline for when that divestiture could be executed? Is there any read to your freesheet business in Brazil which, I guess, has historically been very profitable? And then understanding that the packaging business has kind of underperformed since you acquired it, what sort of ultimately drove the decision that it might be better off with a different owner?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Anthony, good morning. I think that there's no specific timeline because we're just starting the process but we will provide updates as we have relevant information. We're going to look at several options. There's some creative options with that kind of business in that type of market, but we will move at a deliberate pace and there's no read-through on the paper business. The paper business is structured entirely differently in our IP, whereas we talk about trying to build an advantaged position, which has multiple dimensions. We have that in our Brazil paper business with our own land and eucalyptus fiber, but also the cost structure and the ability to export probably the highest quality, uncoated freesheet business product all over the world. The issue with the packaging business is it's a domestic business and it depends on GDP growth. And unfortunately for us, we bought the business that we knew was going to need some additional work but we bought it in the face of a deep, deep recession that I don't think anyone really anticipated. So with negative growth to basically zero growth, we just haven't seen the growth we needed to get the momentum to be able to be competitive in that business. The box plant part of the business is very good. Our mill system needs work and we've chosen to deploy our cash in other places that have a much higher return versus in that Brazilian mill system. And had we had 4% growth – 3%, 4% growth, we might be in a different spot. But we've had now three, almost four years of a contracted economy which has greatly affected the box businesses. The business models that have worked in that part of the world are really similar to the business model we had here, which is an integrated business model for the local market and a very competitive export product for the rest of the world. We don't need that. We have all the export capacity we need out of the best place to make it, which is the U.S., so we're not trying to replicate that business model. And that's what led us to the decision, is that we have better uses for the cash and the depth of the recession in the local economy has just been more persistent than we had anticipated.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just following up on Mark's question, you sell pulp into China. You have a lot of global consumer and industrial customers. I'm just wondering what impact you're seeing from these U.S. China tariffs? It seems like, year-to-date, the impact has been limited but at least from some of the recent calls, it also seems like something that more companies are flagging and increasingly concerned about. I'm just wondering what you're seeing for IP and hearing from your customers?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: It has been limited. We keep a very close eye on it. We're working our own channels of policy lobbying. The issue for us is that the type of products we sell, whether it's through our Global Cellulose Fibers business or even our Ilim joint venture, our products that the market really needs and it's even with a potential tariff is still the best option for the local producers. So, unlike some of the people who have been flagging their supply chain with mechanical parts and other things that have reasonable alternatives with just a little bit of work, this is a natural resource business that the alternatives are known and we have real competitive positions for the type of products like the absorbent pulp or the softwood tissue and fiber that we sell out of our joint venture with Ilim, that really is the best solution for those markets. So we are watching it very closely but that's really the reason for the limited impact.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Maguire, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. I just wanted to ask on the Printing Papers business. I thought they were great results in the quarter and I think relative to your sort of guidance you laid out, they were also quite a bit better. I'm just wondering if you could talk about what drove the upside to your expectations there and how much of that you view as sustainable versus anything that might be a little bit more transitory? And then just sort of tied to that, any concern that the stronger dollar might encourage some more imports like we have seen in the past. And just a last kind of tying it into the Papers business, last question, any thoughts on the timing of the conversion to white top kraftliner, any thoughts on – given the current economics, delaying that or pushing that out a little bit into the future? Thanks.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hey, Brian, it's Tim. Yeah, I think you highlighted a great story in the quarter. Printing Papers, across all of our regions performed very well, and it's just like we've said, it was across most facets of the business. Brazil had an exceptional quarter but even in North America and Europe, solid commercial and operational results. And I think that one of the aspects that's consistent across the regions is the ability for all of the businesses to sell more product closer to home where they can secure better margins. In terms of Riverdale, we're still working through all of our detailed engineering and making progress. There is no update that we have in terms of timing but we're looking at how we do it optimally for our businesses involved – both white paper business and the Industrial Packaging business, so no change, no update at this time but we continue to work through all of our analysis.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then, just any color on imports you might – any change in what you're seeing there?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We haven't seen anything so far, so hard to predict the future. But yeah, it's – we've had better opportunity, as I said, to sell more product closer to home and all of the regions. That includes North America, so we'll have to see how it plays out based on currency and other factors over the next few quarters.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And just sticking on the topic of imports and exports, and shifting over maybe a little bit more towards the containerboard business, I'm just wondering if you're seeing any more competition in some of these export markets from other players, either existing guys or folks who are seeing a little bit more weakness in their domestic market and looking to move some stuff offshore. And tied to that, is the 4Q outlook that you laid out, does that include some slippage in export prices that were sort of picking up related to the tariffs and the currency shifts that we're seeing?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I mean I wouldn't comment on price going forward. I think we laid out our expectations on the outlook, which would include also the export market. But we – I mean, we've continued to see extremely strong demand across regions. I think in a seasonally low period, it's normal to see some spot business that pops up in different parts of the world. That's the way I would characterize it and we'll see what happens as the season starts picking up now that we're in the fourth quarter in different regions of the world.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Weintraub, Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Thank you. I wanted to just revisit a little bit some of the comments you made on pension. Obviously, there's been a huge use of cash, the contributions during the last 10 to 15 years, and it sounded like you are – of the view, there's going to be little or no contributions at least for the foreseeable future. I wanted just to understand your confidence level in that and how much you are systematically protected at this stage versus if interest rates move one way or another, the situation changes.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. It's a great question, Mark, this is Tim. So, I just want to tell you we were always partially hedged on interest rates. And based on the improved funding level that we saw near the end of the quarter, we did increase that partial hedge to a higher amount. We can disclose all of that when we come back and re-measure in our, I guess, it'd be in our fourth quarter call at the end of January, but we felt pretty good coming out of the third quarter. The pension risk transfer, we thought was a very good move for us to make. And based on the improved funding level that we were experiencing at the end of the third quarter, that gave us the confidence to also make the shift on our asset allocation to increase the fixed income exposure and take down equities.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: And so, at this point, is it – do you feel that you are, under most scenarios, pretty well-protected or is it – again, is it kind of dependent on how things play out in various markets?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No, I think we feel like we've reduced risk greatly and that we're well-protected. And, of course, when we re-measure and we put out our annual number, we can share more details about that but I think we feel pretty good right now.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Okay. Great. And just to follow up, just to make sure I'm kind of understanding the thought process on share repurchase. On the one hand, you've described a systematic approach. And then you also suggested it would be consistent cadence based on value. And so, I guess – I think, systematic, that sort of typically wouldn't include too much of a waiting to where the stock might be trading at any given point in time. And yet that other comment of consistent cadence based on value, I guess, made me think that actually you are going to be fairly conscious of where the stock might be trading as you make these decisions. How should I be bringing those two comments together?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, it's a good question, Mark. And I think what we've said is we want to try to do both. We have not always purchased shares in a very consistent fashion over time. It's been very episodic, both in terms of timing and in terms of amount. And I think what we were talking about was systematic as we're going to be thoughtful about how we look at share repurchases versus other options for capital allocation. But we also always want to keep in mind our view of intrinsic value and buy below that. So, yeah, it's – will it always line up? I'm not sure. But we want to have a posture where we, on a more regular basis, are in the market buying our shares where we see value.
Mark Weintraub - Seaport Global Holdings LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Gaffner, Barclays Capital.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Mark; good morning, Tim. Tim, just going back to the dividend policy for a minute, I just want to clarify. Because if I look at the dividend rate, it was about 40% – a little bit over 40% of the free cash flow last year, probably a similar amount this year with the growth in the business. Are we looking at 40% to 50% of the mid-cycle free cash flow generation? Is that how we're thinking about the dividend policy on a go-forward basis?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We've pressure-tested it under a lot of different scenarios. But even under trough scenarios what we're saying is we're committed to 40%, 50% of free cash flow on an ongoing basis. We want it to be sustainable. We think, given our view of normalized and trough margin levels and cash flow, that we can return the current dividend at the $2 per share under most scenario – most all scenarios, trough-tested and as well as normalized. So it's a view of returning free cash flow under any circumstance except maybe something like we experienced in 2008, but we view it as sustainable throughout the cycle, up and down.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. I hope nobody's planning for that type of recession again.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: So do I.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: When we look at the EBITDA margins in the North American Industrial Packaging business, they have expanded quite significantly this year. I think you said almost 24% in the quarter. I mean how do you think about the sustainability of those margins on a go-forward basis because you did kind of get the added benefit of a price increase early in the year and then as we talked about before, the OCC price dropping. So just how do you view the sustainability of those margins?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, if you look at our history, I think we've been within a fairly tight range through a lot of different macro factors. If you go back to 2015 and 2016, we were still in the 22% range. So I think, over the past five, six, seven years, we've demonstrated, within a band, our ability to manage our margins by the way we choose to participate in the various channels that we operate in as well as the investments that we've made in our facilities, the lower costs and improve supply chain capability. You're not immune from the market. But I think Mark alluded to it earlier and talked about our ability to manage through different types of circumstances given our size and our capability, I totally agree with that.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, Scott, I'll just add to Tim's comment. I think you'll see – if you go back and look at recent history, you'll see our strongest margins tend to occur when the economy is the strongest, which also tends to be, at the same time, some of our cost – input costs are up and have pressure. And then if you put all that together, there's a huge leverage on the demand side of the equation. So at a 2.9% or 3% GDP economy in North America, we have a business that's capable of generating in the margin range of 24%, in the mid-20s. When we have less than 1%, which we had just a couple – a few years ago, we had about 22% margins. And it follows logic in a way based on the price-cost relationship and what's happening in our customers' lives. When they're moving their product, we're there to serve for them, we have the flexible capacity, our margins tend to be a little higher. When the economy is slower, they tend to be a little lower. But from a result standpoint, we had strong results at 22% from a return basis and stronger results at 24%. But you also have the ability to look at the high and the low being a relatively narrow band now versus a long time ago where there was a huge swing in margins based on economic outlook. So, that's why we feel confident about in the company we built, and in particular, this part of the company that we've built.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Mark; and thanks, Tim, congrats on a strong quarter despite some headwinds.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: ... of your white paper tonnages outside of North America. Can you talk about how different the demand trends in those markets look to you from your vantage point?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark. It's Tim, could you repeat that? I'm sorry we missed the first part of your question. It cut out.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Sorry. I'm just thinking about how much of your white paper business is outside the U.S. It's a heck of a lot and so I'm just curious. We tend to focus too much on what the U.S. market is doing. I wonder if you could just share with us your sort of global view of your different white paper markets and their outlooks.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. It varies region by region. Latin America has been very good for us. Brazil has been up and down as you might expect from the economic performance in the country. Russia has been very stable and solid. We've actually not been able to meet all of the demand that we had in Western and the Eastern Europe because of the fire that we had earlier in the year at Kwidzyn and the amount of capacity that we lost. So, yeah, I mean, it's – there are secular trends everywhere to varying degrees, but there's also differences in usage that make some regions less susceptible, we think, over time to the types of secular decline that we've experienced here in North America. The usage here, on a per capita basis as you know, Mark, was extremely high in North America. The rest of the world never had those type of per capita use numbers. And so we see stable demand across most of the other regions that we operate in.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, that's super helpful. And as long as we're on the topic of Russia, you've talked in the past about wanting to potentially expand your position in Ilim or certainly seeing Ilim itself expand. Are there any updates on capacity expansion or growth plans at Ilim?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good, morning Mark, this is Mark. We have a tremendous business over there and really good business partners and we've said we'd like to continue to do more with Ilim because of its competitive position and we are pursuing as was previously discussed, Ilim's capital plan – normal capital plan to expand our softwood pulp capacity. We also have a competitive kraftliner business there that's perfectly suited to serve certain specific needs in Asia, a narrower grade range but an important grade range, and so it's a good business. There's obviously a geopolitical component to it but on the ground with our employees, with our respective governments, the business has really never operated better and it's got more growth potential.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back over to Guillermo Gutierrez for closing comments.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thank you again for joining our third quarter earnings call. As always, Michele and I will be available for follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's International Paper Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.
Analysts: Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC John Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter Investor Relations Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up question. Thank you. Mr. Guillermo Gutierrez, you may begin.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2018 conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation on slide 2, including certain legal disclaimers. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2018 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim joint venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide 2 also provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin our discussion on slide 3. International Paper delivered a very strong second quarter performance and year-over-year earnings growth. We had outstanding commercial performance with volume growth and accelerating price realization across our three businesses. Operationally, we performed well in another heavy maintenance outage quarter, and we have now completed 75% of our planned maintenance outages in 2018. Input costs and transportation remain a headwind, which we view largely as a reflection of the healthy underlying global demand environment. The only notable exception is recovered fiber costs, which decreased sequentially and continues to be affected by China policy changes. Overall, we continue to see healthy demand and good fundamentals across our global businesses. Turning to the financial results on slide 4. Revenue increased by more than 8% year-over-year, which again reflects healthy underlying demand, strong commercial performance and a focus on profitable growth. Our North America Industrial Packaging business outperformed industry shipments through the first two quarters of 2018. It's a reflection of really great customers in growing segments. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, we delivered record fluff pulp shipments during the quarter. EBITDA improved by 23% year-over-year, driven by margin expansion across all of our businesses, as well as a continued focus on commercial and operational excellence. Many of those initiatives are internal initiatives unique to International Paper. Our equity earnings were $70 million in the quarter, which includes $57 million from our Ilim joint venture and $15 million from our ownership interest in Graphic Packaging. We also received a $6 million cash dividend from Graphic Packaging during the second quarter. Our cash from operations in the second quarter improved by about $160 million year-over-year, reflecting the strength of our earnings. Free cash flow for the quarter is essentially flat, and that's just due to the timing of CapEx spending in 2018. Also during the quarter, we purchased $300 million of IP shares. Tim will provide additional details on those purchases as well as our broader capital allocation framework later on the call. I'm excited to be working with Tim in his role as CFO. Many of you know him from his previous roles most recently leading our North American Industrial Packaging business. I'm now going to turn the call over to Tim to cover the performance across our businesses as well as our third quarter outlook. Tim?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Great. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'm very happy to be back in the role and able to share our second quarter performance with you. So let me begin on slide 5 of the presentation, which is our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share bridge. Operating earnings improved $0.25 sequentially, driven by strong commercial performance and price realization across all businesses. Our operations performed well in what was another heavy outage quarter and, as Mark mentioned, we've now completed 75% of our planned maintenance outages in 2018. Input costs were favorable, mostly due to lower recovered fiber prices in the second quarter. Distribution costs continue to trend higher on a very tight truck and rail availability as well as higher diesel fuel costs. We expect the distribution environment to be an ongoing challenge and continue to work aggressively to mitigate its impact. Our corporate expenses and taxes came in largely as expected with a 25% effective tax rate in the quarter. And lastly, equity earnings were lower sequentially due to the non-FX charge on Ilim's U.S.-dollar-denominated net debt, which works out to be about $0.09 deduction to our EPS. All in, a very strong performance across the company. So, on page 6, I'll turn to Industrial Packaging. Industrial Packaging, the team turned in very strong performance in the quarter and delivered quarter EBIT of $569 million with an EBITDA margin of 23% in North America. We continue to see good demand across all channels and realized about 50% of our recent box price increase as we exited the second quarter. We've also completed approximately 75% of planned maintenance outages in the first half of the year. Operations and costs in the second quarter includes higher LIFO inventory revaluation charges related to the recent price increases. And on input costs, we saw the favorable impact of lower energy and recovered fiber costs, which was partially offset by higher distribution costs across the system. In our European Packaging business, we continue to see compressed margins on our non-integrated business. But having said that, the Madrid mill start-up is in process and we expect to have paper on rail in the coming days. Once up and running, it will materially improve our margins, improve our cost position and our product range. Again, we're very pleased with the business fundamentals and our strong performance in the North American Industrial Packaging business. Turning to Global Cellulose Fiber on slide 7, delivered $69 million of earnings in the second quarter. The two big drivers were the acceleration of price realization and lower planned maintenance outages. On the last point, you may recall that we moved some outages to help meet strong customer demand in the quarter. Global pulp demand is healthy and demand in the fluff segment continues to grow at 4% to 5% annually. During the second quarter, we delivered record fluff pulp shipments, which represent about 75% of our pulp mix. Overall, we're pleased with the progress that the business is making on the commercial side, and the optimization initiatives that they're bringing to the bottom line. Moving to Printing Papers on page 8, we continue to see improved demand globally, and North American mill operating rates have improved significantly since last year. As such, we're realizing price increases across all the regions that we operate in. Volume improved sequentially despite the truckers' strike in Brazil and the lingering effects of the incident at the Kwidzyn mill which returned to normal operations earlier this month. The impact of the truckers' strike of $7 million was offset by favorable FX. Operationally, we did perform well and we've now completed 85% of planned maintenance outages for the year. And although input costs were essentially flat, distribution costs remained elevated, particularly in North America. We're pleased with the improved earnings and the runway in our paper business. As you can see on slide 9, all three businesses continue to show strong year-over-year profitable growth. At a high level, you can see that we came out of a weaker 2016 with consistent revenue growth quarter-over-quarter. In our North American box business, we're ahead of industry volume growth through the first half of this year on what is certainly a tough industry comp. In our business, we are well-positioned in segments that are benefiting from strong secular growth trends. We are also progressing well on our recent box price increase that was announced earlier this year, with 50% realization at the end of the second quarter. And looking forward to the third quarter and year-end, we should be at a 90% realization as we exit the third quarter with full realization by year-end. As I mentioned earlier, the pace of price realization in our Global Cellulose Fibers business accelerated in the second quarter. We're also making good progress with new product introductions in our fluff pulp segment, which is one of the reasons we have expanded fluff pulp to about 75% of overall pulp mix. In papers, we are seeing improved demand and have value propositions in global brands to capture profitable growth. Turning to slide 10, the Ilim joint venture delivered record operating EBITDA of $307 million in the second quarter and an EBITDA margin of 44% before foreign currency charges. IP's equity earnings were $57 million and were impacted by a non-cash foreign exchange charge on Ilim's U.S. dollar-denominated net debt, of which IP's after-tax portion was $39 million. Taking a look at our third quarter outlook on slide 11. In the Industrial Packaging business, we expect to see a $50 million benefit from continued realization of our recent price increases, mostly in North America. Mix is expected to be a $10 million headwind mainly due to geographic mix. Also note that North American has one less shipping day in the third quarter. We also expect $5 million of incremental expenses related to the Madrid mill start-up during the quarter. The mill is in the start-up process as we speak and we expect to ramp up to 1,000 metric tons per day by the end of the year and to run at full capacity of 400,000 metric tons within one year from start-up. Staying with Industrial Packaging, outage expenses will be $55 million lower, while input costs are expected to increase by about $25 million. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, we expect to see a $15 million benefit from our recent price increases and improved mix. Volume is expected to increase seasonally with a benefit of $10 million, as we continue to run our system full to meet customer demand, and outage expense will be $14 million lower. In our global Printing Papers business, we expect to see a $20 million benefit from our recent price increases and mix. Volume is expected to improve sequentially on stronger seasonal demand in Brazil with an expected benefit of $10 million. Also within Printing Papers, operations are expected to improve $15 million, partly offset by higher input costs of $10 million, mostly related to wood in Brazil, Europe and Russia, and outage expenses will be $43 million lower. Under equity earnings, you will see the outlook for our Ilim joint venture and investment in Graphic Packaging. And lastly, in Other items, we include corporate and interest expense and our estimated effective tax rate for the third quarter. Looking at slide 12, I want to take a moment to share with you our capital allocation framework and more specifics on how we will maximize value creation with our strong and sustainable cash from operations. We will maintain a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating, which we view as foundational to the strength of International Paper and provides us with the financial flexibility to maximize value creation. Specifically, we will target debt to EBITDA of 2.5 times to 2.8 times on a Moody's basis. With regard to our pension plan, we feel very good about where we are today with no funding requirements on the horizon. Going forward, we will continue to assess if there are attractive opportunities to further de-risk the plan on a structural basis. We will invest to create value. Our investments will be selective and disciplined, and they will be grounded on clear strategic and financial logic. We will start with a commitment to maintain our safe and sustainable world-class operations with low-cost advantaged assets. We will also invest in cost reduction projects with high returns and quick paybacks, and in strategic projects, with a meaningful spread above cost of capital in our core businesses, Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers, all of which further enables us to grow our free cash flow. M&A will be disciplined, selective, and compelling. It must align with our strategy of advantaged positions and attractive markets, and create compelling value for our shareholders with clear financial targets. EPS and free cash flow accretion within the first two years and returns above cost of capital within the first three years. We will return cash to our shareholders through a sustainable dividend and systematic share repurchases. Our dividend policy is clear. We're committed to a competitive and sustainable dividend of 40% to 50% of free cash flow, which we will review annually as earnings and cash flow grow. We will also make share repurchases with a minimum threshold to offset dilution from our compensation plans. And we will continue to evaluate our free cash flow and intrinsic value to ensure that additional share repurchase opportunities are weighed against other capital allocation options with a commitment to maximize value creation. As Mark alluded at the opening, we did repurchase $300 million of shares at an average price of $57.32, and we have $600 million remaining on the current authorization. With that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Tim. We're very pleased with our strong performance in the quarter. It's our best second quarter in more than a decade. But more importantly, we're pleased with the momentum we carry going into the second half of the year. We continue to see profitable growth across our three businesses with a healthy demand backdrop and high mill operating rates. We're monitoring the tariff situation carefully and, although we do not see any near-term impact to our business, it's certainly difficult to predict the timing and potential impact of evolving trade policies, but we're watching it very closely and are involved in the public policy debate. Our team is focused on delivering on our earnings commitments, and that starts with commercial and operational excellence. We believe taking care of our customers and running safe, efficient operations creates sustainable value. We also have internal catalysts to further accelerate our performance, such as the Madrid mill, which fundamentally changes our business model in Europe, as we move from practically 0% integration to about 60% integration on recycled containerboard. And in Global Cellulose Fibers, the team continues to optimize the business and is bringing innovative solutions to our customers as we grow together in the absorbent pulp market. Looking ahead, we are confident in our commitment to deliver a second consecutive year of more than 15% EBITDA growth. With that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Sarah, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for all the color on the capital reallocation strategy. Just wanted to ask Tim if you marked for the pension to kind of current rates. How close to that targeted 2.5 to 2.8 times range you think we are today? And sort of related to that, for the right acquisition, how high do you think you'd be willing to go with that leverage level?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. So, currently, we are roughly a little bit below 3 times. So I don't think we're far off. But I don't want to talk about what we might do and when. But the target is to be consistently in a 2 5 to 2.8 times leverage multiple, and it'll be a combination of debt that we pay down and earnings performance.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: And, Brian, I could just add on the question about how high. I mean, fundamentally, we will remain an investment-grade company. And so there's a lot of that goes into that statement, but one of the things is managing even in an event of any acquisition; number one, how high; and number two, how fast you get it back to the level that we're targeting. And that's just in our mind not negotiable. We think it's important, as Tim said, the word foundational is what it is for International Paper.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And on the share repo in the quarter, obviously $300 million is the most it's been in a while. Just wondering, philosophically, was that just more of an opportunistic thing in the quarter or, obviously, you want to offset dilution from equity issuance through the year. This seems like it'll pretty much do it. But is the messaging and the communication here that this is going to be more of a consistent ongoing thing, or should we take it as this was kind of it for the year and more of an opportunistic thing too?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, I wouldn't forecast what we might or might not do in the year. The commitment is that we're going to be systematic about share repurchases and, at a minimum, we will repurchase shares on an annual basis to offset the dilution from our compensation plans. So we thought we had an opportunity in the second quarter, we bought some shares. As I laid out, all of these things are related and there's a number of actions that we could take around capital allocation whether it's balance sheet, share repurchases, dividend, is something that we look at annually. So I see them as all related, and we'll be reporting back as we do them after the fact.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. One last one for me, just switching to the base business. With the elevation in U.S. freight rates, it's been pretty well publicized. Just wondering, do exports look more attractive to you these days? Has your kind of thoughts on where you want to be putting your tons between the domestic and the export market changed much because of that? And maybe you can kind of just update us on where that mix stands today.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. It really varies by business. So, if you look at Global Cellulose Fiber, it's mostly an export business. Our markets are in other regions of the world as well as North America. For the containerboard business, we look at it as a strategic part of our mix. We obviously value our integrated box channel. And so we make sure that we are managing the customer demand here in North America and as well as balancing that out with exports. But your question around just margin structure of one region versus another, we still see good margin structure here in North America even on a marginal basis with the transportation costs as they are.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Gail?
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: (22:05) year-on-year on adjusted basis. And then it's a bit slower than we've seen. I'm just wondering is there anything you're seeing in the business. Are there any end markets that you stand out?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hey, Gail. Hi, this is Mark. We didn't hear the first part of your question, if you could repeat it.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Just industry box shipments in 2Q were (22:27) which is somewhat slower than what we've seen. And I'm just wondering, are you seeing any end-markets that are slowing down or changing, or just is there any shift on the demand front?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Cut out just a little bit again, Gail, but I think I got the essence of the question. We felt really good about our box demand in the second quarter and it was against I think the toughest comp of the year year-over-year. So, protein produce, e-commerce, those segments continue to perform very well for us and we were really happy with growth both on a large customer level and our local business across the entire quarter.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And during the quarter, Ilim announced that they were looking at a large kraftliner expansion in Russia. You guys are working on a large expansion here. There are other producers that are looking at kraftliner on a level that we haven't seen in probably at least three decades. And I'm just wondering how you see that playing out globally. Do you think the fiber balance is there that we need that much more kraftliner these days?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: A great question, Gail. Specific to International Paper's efforts, on the Ilim side, the way projects work in that part of the world, you've obviously got to announce that you're going to study and look at something so you can get the different government agencies involved. Forestry is managed differently there. Infrastructure in this particular case is in Siberia, and we believe that's an opportunity much like our pulp business to serve an underserved market from a fiber standpoint, that'd be in Asia. But it's just that. It's undertaking a project and a lot of things have to happen for that project to come to fruition. I think that's probably true from some of the other ones I also saw that are not International Paper. And then you take that all the way to something that's certain and sure like our Riverdale conversion. Our view is kraftliner is growing globally because the box market is growing globally. It is the feedstock for all of the fiber uses downstream. And so it's hard to predict what the markets will look like three, four, five, six years from now. But International Paper has first and second quartile high-quality kraftliner. We have the position in the markets that need it and want it and value it. So, for us, it makes sense to continue to be looking at investing in that market over time.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Tim. Morning, Guillermo.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Morning.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Morning.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Mark, I wondered if we could just step back and talk a little bit about the kind of the pricing model in Industrial Packaging. In the past, John Faraci, your predecessor, talked about a willingness to maybe rethink that model at a particular point in time. And I just wondered right now, with the market in pretty healthy condition, whether this is a time you might engage customers to kind of rethink this basis on kind of trade paper pricing.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Mark, I'm going to let Tim comment, given his closeness to that particular market in Industrial Packaging. But pricing, as you know, is at the box level very unique to the type of customer and the type of packaging. There's a catalyst in this industry in North America for the input material changing and contracts are designed around that. There's lots of different ways to do it. Customers buy a lot of other inputs that are priced different ways. But, for right now and for the foreseeable future, this mechanism while imperfect, works for the parties in the value chain. And so, that's kind of how we look at it. But the pricing discussion is really a conversation between International Paper and individual customers, to some extent precipitated by some input cost changes. And, Tim, do you want to add to that?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, no, I think you said it well. The only thing that I would add to it is the way – it's inappropriate to first talk about what model we might move to. But in the various contracts, it doesn't establish price. It establishes the basis for us to have a conversation about how the contract will perform and how price may move or not move over time. So I don't know that I can add much more than what Mark said. It works at the moment. Our customers find value in it and it's been around for a long time. And so what we negotiate on actual price is our conversation to our customers and agreeing on the basis of supply.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Fair enough. But as a follow-on, I just wondered, Tim, can you or Mark talk about the options for fixing that Brazilian packaging business and maybe whether you're interested in expanding packaging kind of across Latin America more broadly? You're in the two biggest markets right now, Mexico and Brazil.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. It's been a challenge, Mark. No question about it. And I think that we like our box plant assets there. We're challenged on the mill cost side, but we have a great customer base. We got pulled in the downdraft of the economy, and that hit us harder than we ever expected it would. And we're battling our way back from that. But, yeah, we're happy with the engagement of the team and the things that they're working on. But it is taking more time and it's harder than we thought given some of the economic realities on the ground.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I mean, does that mean you need like to have virgin fiber mill assets there or what does fix this, Tim?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I think we have the ability to continue ramping up our commercial execution. There's huge leverage there in terms of marginal volume that we put through our box plants. And that will go a long way to restoring margins. There are some cost opportunities, but I think we want to be very careful and very selective about how we think about incremental investments there.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I was going to ask a different question to start, but just given the way the stocks in the history have been acting recently. Tim, I know it's ultimately investors' and analysts' jobs to consider valuation, but has the fact that the market's been effectively applying a higher cost of capital on your results, with the stock having come down, change at all the way you think International Paper will think about capital allocation going forward and the returns that you'll require from new investments? Has there been any migration in those views over the last couple of quarters, and why or why not?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hi, George. Yeah. I think it's what I was trying to outline earlier. We're going to be selective. We're going to be disciplined and we're going to invest in things that support improvement in our core businesses. So I would say, no, there has been no change in our thinking, other than to say we are trying to make better and better choices about investment decisions over time.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And I guess a related point and then I'll ask one more as my two-part and turn it over. With again the return that's being applied or discount rate applied to your equity value by the market these days and how it's changed apparently over the last few quarters, does that make buyback any more attractive? You're using a more systematic approach. You've talked about taking in the dilution. But does – equity has it moved up in terms of repurchases, in terms of capital allocation over the last six months and again given the way it's performed, why or why not? That's question one. And question two, just as we think about the heat map table or slide 11, are there any other points that we should consider in terms of sequential EBITDA trends, are we basically looking at or whatever the number works out, so I think about $130 million, $150 million sequential pickup in EBITDA 2Q to 3Q? Thank you, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I'd just say, and Mark maybe want to comment on it, but I think the businesses are performing very well and we're set up for a strong third quarter and second half. And related to the first question, I don't want to start forecasting what we're going to do at moments in time. I think we're going to take a broad view. We're going to look at our cash availability and then we'll make the best decisions across the whole capital allocation framework that I talked about.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for the thoughts.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Tim, you discussed the leverage target at 2.5 to 2.8 times, and I think that's down, or at least a clarification from the kind of below 3 times level that you pointed to recently. And I'm just wondering, to follow up on George's question, kind of the thought process behind refining that target leverage change. Does it actually represent a shift and is it based on where you think we are in the economic cycle or discussions with investors? Any color you can give there?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Clarity. Mark said it. We're going to maintain an investment-grade credit rating and we think that at those leverage targets it is very supportive of our current rating. No more than that.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, just shifting to a kind of bigger picture question. Mark, the Chinese Government has discussed I think banning imports of pretty much all grades of recovered fiber, which seems like it could have pretty profound impacts to global supply chain. I'm just wondering how you think that could impact IP over the mid- to long-term in terms of OCC prices domestically, or opportunities to send pulp or kraftliner into China, or maybe unintended consequences. Whatever thoughts you could share on kind of what this shift could mean.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: That's a great question, Anthony. And obviously, we're spending a lot of time trying to figure out strategically different options if you play these statements out to reality. Bottom line, though, is China's got a dynamic economy. It's going to need fiber in the long-term. And from an International Paper standpoint, given we have a large position in the new fiber, virgin fiber, which then becomes, as you know, recovered fiber around the world, we feel very well positioned to be a major player in that value-added fiber, whether it's in the form of a finished product or semi-finished product like containerboard, or whether it's in a less finished like, for example, our softwood pulp from Ilim. It's hard to see and I don't pretend to know what the Chinese Government is thinking around the puts and takes. If a position like that hurts one industry in China, but it helps another and helps trade balances. There's a lot of that at play. We're going to monitor it very well. But I think the big picture is that the world is going to need more fiber for all of these sustainable fiber-based products over time. There'd be dislocations from time-to-time and where it's generated and where it's used. But I think, from an International Paper business model, we are very well positioned with the world's best fiber to be a major player in providing that fiber need in different stages of the value chain, different levels of product sophistication. We feel good about that and we'll continue to try to monitor it and be ready to take full advantage of the position we can play.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. One question that's really striking me here is you just had a great quarter. You're laying out terrific momentum coming into the third quarter. The stock though is trading off and it's trading near the low of recent ranges. And certainly one of the catalysts this morning probably is the Cascade announcement that they're looking to go forward with that purchase and a potential conversion of a mill in Virginia. I mean, how concerned are you at this juncture about the capacity that has been announced? And as you overlay what you see happening demand-wise and expect to continue to happen demand-wise, how concerned are you? And are there things that you think are in your capabilities that will help you manage the various scenarios that could play out that you could talk to?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Mark, that's a loaded question with a lot of potential directions it can go in. But let me just say the way we look at this. We just had a recent period where a couple of million tons of containerboard, various types of containerboard were going to be added to the U.S. market. And the underlying box demand, the products that worked versus the products that didn't, I think we navigated through that pretty well. This is another potential global sense in the future. We believe fiber-based packaging is growing. We don't know how many of these projects are going to actually come to fruition and what type of end-product quality. We think it starts with our customers that buy the packaging. And so, that's why we spend so much time saying things like commercial excellence. There's a lot behind those two words. And by having the customer relationships and having the best value chain from tree to box and the recycled fiber in between, we believe we'll be well-positioned, better positioned than anyone really to really benefit from that. So I think it's a robust market. It's a resilient market. And I think we have some very recent history that we can look at and draw some parallels to. And we're going to always make the containerboard in our system that we need for the box orders we have. And right now, you've got containerboard systems in the case of International Paper basically running wide open and full, which is actually not sustainable with respect to customer service and the flexibility you need beyond just when you take mills down for maintenance. So, hard to predict the future. Some of this is way out to 2021 and 2022. But we are very confident in our position. We're confident in the role that we're playing and some of the capacity that will come on. And we're very, very confident in our ability to serve customers on the box end, because that's what really matters in all of this is are you a preferred supplier for the actual package.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you for all the color. And just kind of as a follow-on, for instance, with the Riverdale project, if the uncoated freesheet market continues to perform quite well as it is now, is that type of where maybe you have flexibility and you do that a little bit slower and you wait for that corrugated box demand growth to absorb the capacity, or are those things that are sort of set and it gets done in the timing that's been laid out?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I'll ask Tim to comment on that, given it's a near-term project and there's some unique product given it's got the white top component.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. So the paper margins are important, but we're really looking at what our Industrial Packaging customers are requiring and we're investing in better capability to supply a better product to them through our integrated channel. So this gives us options for a better white top product, more brown containerboard in the geographies where we need it and in the grades and basis weights that we need. So we would see that project continuing on a timeline that we laid out when we announced it targeting mid-2019.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens, Inc.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Morning. You mentioned that you're seeing improved demand in white paper. Obviously, the quarter was off. So can you give us a little bit of a sense of what you're seeing shifting there? And also was there a negative mixed shift in paper? The results were obviously excellent. The costs were fantastic. But I was surprised that the price realization wasn't even a little better.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. So, no, on the demand side, we were hit by two things. We had the operational issues in Europe around Kwidzyn, the fire and then reliability issue that's since been corrected. And then, we had the truckers' strike in Brazil, which obviously impacted supply chains for a period of time. In North America, it's really been the performance of our customers, stronger year-over-year sequential demand of our product from us. So those are the main reasons, Mark.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then just one other question. Can you give us a sense of where your pulp mix can go from here and what the timeline you're expecting? And also what kind of an operating rate you've got in pulp right now?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, we're running the system flat out. In fact, one of the challenges in the quarter was just product availability, given how much demand we have. And so we don't see that really changing as we're in the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter. We're 75% today, and the goal is to keep as much as we can adding to our fluff and specialty pulp mix, which could approach 85% at a point in time.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Mark, there is just one thing on the pulp. We do have a part of our capacity is the NBSK asset in Canada. So there's kind of a base load of non-fluff. It's a very good product. It's high quality and very profitable. The plan would not to be to convert that obviously to fluff.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Sure.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: But I think Tim's comment about probably 85% in the absorbent markets and then some of the specialty markets that are not exactly absorbent end uses would be where we think we can get to.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Fantastic. Thank you.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. So, just to start, I mean obviously great quarter on Industrial Packaging. But, clearly, Brazil and Europe are still challenged. Will Madrid be enough to get you to where you want to be? I mean, the integration level, I think you said would be 60%. But will it get you to cost capital returns or do you need something virgin over there as well?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hi. This is Tim, Steven. We are already integrated on a virgin basis with our operations here in North America. So we think we have that piece covered for our European converting business. Will Madrid take us all the way to cost of capital? It'll get us darn close. So it's a big factor in terms of product availability for the basis weights and grades that are growing the fastest. And so, as Mark referenced earlier, it gets us to 60% integration on recycled. And we think in the range for the integrated business converting and mill gets us mid-teens on EBITDA margins but with a lower capital base. So, should get us pretty close to cost of capital over time.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I think Tim said it right. It's a little bit of a unique business model because, as we've described the channels to market, we make the kraftliner in North America. We ship it, in this case, over the ocean and we convert it in Europe. So you can draw sort of a box around that part of the channel. And then we were buying on the open market all of our recovered fiber, except for a small mill in the Moroccan business. Now, we're going to be 60% integrated. There's still 40% of the recycled paper that we don't make or won't make. But we're a pretty good buyer. And where our geographies are, we should be able to buy that economically. And then there is virgin medium in the European context, the semi chemical medium, which we do not make. But we're a very good customer of the premium suppliers. So, when you put all that together, that channel to market from board to box is going to be cost of capital. It's just not measured the same way as a single geography would be because, as I said, the containerboard that's virgin is actually captured in the North American Industrial Packaging results.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Got it. And then one other question. If in fact China is permanently out of the OCC market and, by extension, re-emerges as a virgin board buyer, which mills in your system are well-suited to serve that market? And I guess that would exclude Ilim, which is obviously close.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Would exclude Ilim? I don't get that point.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, I mean, I'm sure you'll say, well, Ilim is adjacent to China, so that's our conduit into China. But if they need board from North America, are any of your mills...
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Actually...
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: strategically (46:18) situated or would you wish you had something on the West Coast?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: We do.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No, we do. We have a mill on the West Cost and it does ship our product to China and other parts of Asia. But we also have Southern mills that are positioned very close to ports and have product capability and they ship as well. And Ilim today has a small amount of capacity around kraftliner board that they do ship into Northern Central China and supply that part of the market. So I think we're well-equipped across a number of geographies for supply to China if we need it.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Well, thank you both.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Mark, just a follow-up on, I think it was Mark Weintraub's question earlier. How do you think about the relationship between the level of North American containerboard industry margins and how much competition they attract? It seems as if margins have reached a level that have clearly attracted a number of companies. And given that, how sustainable do you think the current margins are?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think the – it's a good business. So there's always going to be interest in a good business. But the absolute containerboard margins aren't really the final equation. The final equation is the box and having the ability to address all of the various needs of the box customers. And so I think there's going to be a pretty resilient value chain for a company like International Paper that makes both steps of the value chain, the containerboard from very competitive softwood fiber, all the way through to the box. And I think that's going to continue to be the hallmark of that business. It's a lot more. And I think, again, I'd just refer us back to just a couple of years ago, there's a lot more than just adding containerboard capacity and having that really work out in a sustainable way as an investment. You've got to see it all the way through to the box customer.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. And just one on the China situation again. I think RISI reported that of the 10 lowest cost mills in the country now, 7 were 100% percent recycled in the second quarter. Obviously, China is not changing its policy or doesn't appear to be doing so, which is why all these Chinese companies are building mills that touch outside of China. I mean, do you have any reason to expect the current state of affairs in terms of virgin versus recycled mills, and which one is cost advantaged versus the other to change anytime soon in the U.S.?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Anytime soon, I think that would depend obviously on primarily the recovered fiber price, and it is a wildcard to figure out exactly where China's end game is on this because that's the big lever. And then the rest of the inputs, energy and primarily natural gas, that would be the other input that you would have to track. And then, at some point, you just look at the fiber balance and I think it's dislocated right now because of China. But if any growth in recovered fiber comes at the expense of virgin fiber, you can quickly do the math. And then you're now creating less generation of recovered fiber for every ton that you theoretically would displace a virgin. So it ends pretty quickly.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, Mark. Hi, Tim. Welcome back to the CFO role. My first question has to do with CapEx. I noticed that it was a bit higher than it was year-to-date last year, of course without the consumer business – well, that's taken out. But the point being, are you still looking for around $1.5 billion CapEx or have you re-thought that, especially given some of the tax deductibility, and maybe you found some projects that you didn't have otherwise?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No. The plan hasn't changed. It's just the function of timing, Chip. Given outage schedules and project schedules, it just disproportionally fell into the first half of this year. So we're 60%, 60-plus-percent complete on the capital plan for the year.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. Got you. And then, following up on the whole discussion about China, we know last week that their Environmental Ministry is possibly looking to cease all waste paper imports, which would suggest to me they would basically have to re-footprint about 18 million tons, which is like half our industry. That would also seem to suggest that OCC does stay down while board prices, because of the shortage there, stay up. I didn't know if that was any of your thinking when you were thinking of getting much bigger in Europe in a hurry, because it looks like that they're going to benefit for years, while we see how China re-footprints itself. And even leaving that aside, are there other thoughts you might have about how your strategy could change if we do see a scenario where China basically needs to re-footprint a very major amount of containerboard on a global scale?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So I think, Chip, the first part of your question, was that a factor in our interest in building a bigger business in Europe. No, not really. The interest in Europe was we believe it's a good market and we can build a competitive operation by what we were trying to do. And, obviously, the things that affect the price of the raw material like recovered fiber matter. But you have to believe they're going to change structurally over time. And if you just do the mass balance of fiber, it's hard to find scenarios that really structurally change that for a long period of time that you would justify an investment on. As far as what China is trying to do, I think it's very difficult to predict. I mean, it's extremely popular right now for trade positions by countries to take a very extreme position, see what kind of effect you have, and we seem to be doing it in our trade discussions. I think others are taking positions that, to all of us, look illogical on the surface. But there may be an actual end game in mind or a position that's somewhere south of that extreme position that ends up being where they really want to go. And I think we just have to game it out, think it through and be ready for different scenarios, and that's what we're doing.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got you. And real quickly on fluff pulp. You mentioned the growth rates and how you're up I think you said to about 75% of your mix. Do you see a situation as the market grows where you might need to make a capacity change in the next three years to five years there? Or do you think you can just instead not add any capacity and just transition more of your paper grade into fluff?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. What we're doing, Chip, and what we will do is look at the customers we have, the demand they have, and we're going to work hard whether it's through capacity additions or optimization to make sure that we can supply them product they need.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is actually John Dunigan on for Scott. How are you doing, Mark, Tim, Guillermo?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, John.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, realizing we're a bit late in the call, I'll just keep my questions to one for right now. You held on to the 15%-plus EBITDA growth rate for the year again obviously. But do you believe free cash flow can grow at that same clip or is there anything either positive or negative that couldn't cause free cash flow to dislocate from the EBITDA growth?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think, over time, we should expect to see free cash flow grow as we generate more cash from operations. The comment I made about the quarter was simply, as Tim just reiterated, CapEx timing. But, no, our expectation is to grow free cash flow because we're growing cash from operations. That's not automatically going to result in incremental CapEx. But as part of our capital allocation, we should be able to show the returns for that incremental CapEx that's in cost reduction and in the strategic category of capability and, in some cases, some capacity debottlenecking. But we want to lift the entire cash flow equation from cash from ops as well as free cash.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for getting me on. Two quick questions, one on paper in Brazil and the other clarifying on guidance. There were just some trade articles about producers in Brazil sending offset to Mexico and avoiding duties. I was just wondering if that has a financial impact on IP or any thoughts on an impact to trade flows going forward. And then I'll move on to guidance aspect.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hi, Debbie. It's Tim. No, we don't see any impact on anything that we have done up to this point. It's hard to speculate on what might happen going forward. But any change that did happen would not be retroactive in any way.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, on guidance, you did note an uptick in paper volumes in Brazil. I think last year they actually went down sequentially. Am I missing something there? And then I don't think I caught your inflation guidance for Industrial Packaging. Not sure if you gave an exact number on that.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Inflation guidance for?
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just in the sequential bridge that you gave. It's kind of an uptick in freight logistics cost.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We didn't break it out, but you can follow up with Guillermo. But, in general, in Industrial Packaging in North America, we have usually between $110 million and $130 million on an annual basis of inflation in the business. And then what – I'm sorry, I forget the other question that you have.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You just mentioned you put in the guidance that you would expect Brazil that volumes to be higher sequentially I believe and when I look last year, that pattern doesn't hold. So I just wanted to know if there was something there that...
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Okay. No, we do expect them to be up. I don't remember if there was some unique circumstance last year. But from second to third quarter, we expect them to be up slightly.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back over to Guillermo.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Sarah. And thank you again for joining our second quarter earnings call. As always, Michelle and I will be available for your follow-up questions. Let me now turn it back over to Mark for some closing remarks.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Guillermo. Just to wrap up. As you've heard from our remarks, we're very pleased with our second quarter, a very strong performance. International Paper employees executed very well in a very strong economic environment, running our operations close to full. We're very excited about the great outlook that we see for the rest of the year across all of our businesses. I think we're hitting on all cylinders right now and we have a balance of really good commercial performance with our customers and our product offerings, as well as we're running very well. So we appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.
Analysts: Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC George Leon Staphos - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Marcio Farid - UBS Brasil CCTVM SA
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sera and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2018 International Paper Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Guillermo Gutierrez, you may begin.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Sera. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Landau, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. There is important information at the beginning of our presentation that you should take time to read including certain legal disclaimers on slides 2 through 7. For example, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. As noted on slide 3, a reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2018 press release and today's presentation slides. Relative to the Ilim Joint Venture and Graphic Packaging investments, slide 4 provides context around the financial information and statistical measures presented on those entities. As indicated by the information on slides 5 through 7, International Paper's proposal to acquire Smurfit Kappa is governed by the Irish Takeover Rules. Under Irish Takeover Rules, International Paper Management is prohibited from discussing any material information or significant new opinion that has not been publicly announced. Any person interested in shares in International Paper or Smurfit Kappa is encouraged to consult his or her professional advisor. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin the presentation on slide 8. International Paper delivered solid first quarter performance and strong year-over-year earnings growth. We continue to see healthy demand and solid fundamentals across our global businesses. Price realization momentum continues across all three of our businesses, and we remain focused on delivering differentiated and innovative solutions to the right segments and the right customers. Operationally, we executed well in a heavy maintenance outage quarter and managed through weather-related disruptions and other unusual events. We completed approximately 35% of our scheduled maintenance outages in the first quarter and we expect to have 75% of our total maintenance outages complete by the end of the second quarter. Transportation and other input costs were a headwind in the quarter with higher wood, chemicals and energy more than offsetting the lower recovered fiber or OCC cost. And on equity earnings, our Ilim joint venture in Russia delivered record performance. Turning to the financial results on slide 9. Revenue increased by nearly 10% year-over-year, reflecting strong commercial performance and solid global demand. This includes record first quarter shipments of Fluff & Specialties in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. EBITDA improved 19% year-over-year. This performance reflects the solid business fundamentals and margin expansion across our businesses. In fact, we had record first quarter EBITDA in Industrial Packaging. Total equity earnings were $95 million including our Ilim joint venture as well as our 20.5% ownership interest in Graphic Packaging. Cash from operations improved by $30 million year-over-year, while free cash flow decreased, largely due to the fact that we spent nearly one-third of our $1.5 billion 2018 capital plan during the first quarter. I'll now turn it over to Glenn who will cover performance across our businesses and our second quarter outlook. Glenn?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on slide 10 in the presentation, which shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings per share for the first quarter of 2018 of $0.94 bridged sequentially from the fourth quarter of last year as well as our 2017 first quarter results of $0.56 as a year-over-year reference. Operating earnings improved year-over-year largely due to $0.51 higher revenue driven by the flow through of pricing initiatives across all our segments as well as mix and volume growth. Sequentially from the fourth quarter, as you can see on the bridge, we saw continued price and mix gains of $0.10 from both prior year and current increases. However, given seasonality, this was more than offset by softer volumes as expected. On a seasonal basis, although demand remains quite strong. As Mark mentioned, operations were impacted by weather disruptions, primarily frigid conditions across the east and heavy rainfall in the south, as well as other unusual events which ended up impacting the quarter by approximately $50 million or roughly $0.08 but will not repeat. A detailed reconciliation of these events is included on page 24 in the appendix. And while we are still evaluating potential insurance recovery, keep in mind these were discrete events with discrete deductibles, so any recovery is unlikely to be material. That said, our operations on balance performed well despite these upset conditions and in an otherwise very heavy planned maintenance outage quarter. Supply chain costs continue to trend higher due to very tight rail and truck availability as well as higher diesel fuel costs. And looking forward, it is hard to see much relief here, so we believe this headwind will linger. On fiber, lower OCC costs were largely offset by seasonally higher wood costs, and energy and chemicals were higher sequentially. Lastly, Ilim delivered sequentially higher equity earnings and we also reported equity earnings from Graphic Packaging of $8 million, which was offset by purchase accounting deductions of approximately $6 million in the quarter. Moving now to our segment performance, I'll start with Industrial Packaging on slide 11. The business delivered a record first quarter result of $464 million EBIT despite weather and unusual events and heavy planned outages. Both domestically and globally we continue to see strong demand across our channels to market with export containerboard up approximately $40 per ton sequentially and continued flow through in domestic box. As expected, volume was seasonally soft, but we were in a position to repatriate volume from export markets to meet U.S. demand as our system remains oversold. Operations were $54 million lower versus the fourth quarter driven by weather events, which impacted results by approximately $31 million. The remainder was largely Pensacola insurance recovery in the fourth quarter of 2017 that did not repeat. In terms of the heavy planned outages already referenced, we completed approximately 35% of our annual plan during the quarter including pulling up some work opportunistically at the mills impacted by the upset conditions. Lastly, higher wood costs for energy, chemicals, and transportation more than offset lower OCC costs in the quarter. Taking a closer look at segment positioning in the North America corrugated packaging market on slide 12, we outperformed the industry in the first quarter, largely due to our strong overweight positions in the fastest growing segments. And while our scale and footprint enables us to serve just about every corrugated segment in a material way across North America, our deliberate focus on the fastest growing segments, those benefiting from secular growth trends is paying dividends as we apply our vast network of packaging design and innovation expertise to meet and exceed our customers changing needs. Leading the way in both e-commerce and fresh produce and protein, our objective is to grow with these markets over time and to be well aligned with the market leaders in these segments. So turning to the next slide 13, our approach to innovation begins by fully understanding the needs of our customers through the value chain to the end customer. Across the business, we have segment specific innovation teams that work with our customers to develop value creating solutions. Pictured here, we have an award winning retail beverage display with immediate brand recognition, combining functional design with storage capability, while also very easy to move and reposition for maximum visibility. Our club store box with a tear out window for frozen protein that improves retail efficiency by simplifying restocking. In e-commerce box with impactful print inside that allows for added branding and enhances the cost to consumer unboxing experience, and a printed point of purchase bin for watermelon season. So these are just a few examples of solutions we bring to our customers every day. Moving to our Global Cellulose Fibers business on slide 14, we continue to see robust global demands, particularly in absorbance and specialties, which represents about 75% of our business. Pricing mix improved $12 million versus the fourth quarter and volume was down partially unexpected seasonality, but also unplanned lower shipments of NBSK from our Grande Prairie mill in Canada due to ongoing rail service issues, which have now been largely mitigated. Our North America pulp mill operations took the brunt of the weather disruptions, which impacted results by approximately $12 million in the first quarter and maintenance expenses were $50 million higher sequentially as we completed the heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year. All-in, we are very pleased with the strong performance and progress of the business, stepping up EBIT by $66 million versus the first quarter last year with record fluff shipments. Turning to slide 15, one of the most exciting aspects of the Global Cellulose Fibers business is our R&D capabilities. Our innovation engine is essential to how we create value for our customers and IP. It starts with our basic philosophy of global reach and local execution. Remember that we export approximately 85% of our North America production. Our business brings together a world-class technology center with leading industry experts and strong customer technical support networks. We create value by understanding and addressing customer needs through a robust product development process that currently has more than 1,000 patents. A very recent example of how we're bringing innovation to our customers is our new absorbent fiber called Elegance, which we launched in Asia last week. This innovative fiber is especially desirable for adult incontinence consumers who value discretion. And there's more to come, we have a rich product development pipeline underpinned by our unique capabilities and innovation engine that is well-positioned to create value for our customers and IP. All of which fuels the path to our target mix improvements. Moving now to Printing Papers on slide 16. We are now clearly seeing improving global demand. With the Southern Hemisphere and Eastern Europe more than offsetting slower secular declines in Western Europe and North America and in the North America supply demand balance, we see a backdrop that has improved significantly from last year and we continue to realize announced price increases. On an enterprise basis, price improved sequentially by $22 million and we see that as continued realization globally. Mix was a $9 million headwind unexpected seasonally lower demand in Brazil and volume was also seasonally lower in Latin America and Europe as expected. Operations were $8 million unfavorable, driven by weather impact in North America and unplanned downtime at our Kwidzyn mill in Poland. Distribution in North America continues to face headwinds, which we expect to continue as we explore improvement options. Also, like the other businesses, frontend loaded on outages, Printing Papers completed more than 35% of its scheduled maintenance outages in the first quarter and will complete nearly 85% by the end of the second quarter. Input costs were higher, primarily due to seasonal wood costs in North America and Europe, and higher purchase pulp cost in Brazil and Europe. But overall, we feel really good about our outlook in Printing Papers this year with a stronger demand environment and better industry fundamentals, all of which allows us to focus on our commercial excellence. Turning to slide 17, our Ilim joint venture generated record EBITDA and equity earnings in the first quarter with EBITDA margins of 43% and an annualized ROIC of more than 25% associated with our investments. During the quarter, we also received $160 million in dividends, representing another year of solid cash distributions. On slide 18 before moving to the second quarter outlook, we show our strong trend of revenue performance across all three of our business platforms on a year-over-year basis by quarter, looking through to the next quarter. We see the strong growth as a reflection of improving industry fundamentals and outcome of our customer product and geographical segmentation, we see this as sustainable, and importantly, early in this current phase of margin expansion. While price underpins a portion of this trend, volume and mix improvements are meaningful components as we focus on bringing differentiated value to our customers. Looking through to the end of this year, revenue growth will continue to accelerate in all three segments as we realize recent price increases grow and improve our mix. In fact, we expect a year-over-year CAGR in Industrial Packaging, Cellulose Fibers and Printing Papers to be 6%, 9%, and 4%, respectively from 2016 through the end of this year. Now, turning to our second quarter outlook on slide 19, in our Industrial Packaging Global segment, we expect to see a $25 million benefit from recent price increases in North America packaging and export containerboard. While mix is expected to be a $10 million headwind globally, volume is expected to increase seasonally with a benefit of $35 million. In operations, the non-repeat of the prior quarter's weather disruptions is expected to be a benefit of $28 million, which will partially offset, which will be partially offset by about $10 million, largely due to LIFO inventory revaluation charges on previously announced price increases. Outages will be $11 million higher and input costs expected to decrease by about $20 million. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we expect to see a $15 million benefit due to recent price increases and mix improvements. Volume will be sequentially flat with continued strong demand and a non-repeat of weather disruptions is expected to be a benefit of $12 million with a modest offset of $5 million due to higher distribution costs. Outage expenses will be $26 million lower, although still another heavy maintenance outage quarter. In our Global Printing Papers business, the benefit of recent increases and mix improvement is expected to be about $20 million and volume is expected to improve by $10 million on seasonally stronger demand globally. Operations will be flat quarter-over-quarter and maintenance outages will be higher by $11 million. You can see our outlook for Ilim JV and Graphic Packaging partnership on the equity row of the slide. And lastly, in terms of corporate and interest expense and as well our estimated effective tax rate, they remain consistent with our previous disclosures. So with that, now let me turn it over to Mark. Mark?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Glenn. We're very pleased with the performance in the first quarter and the momentum that we carry in 2018, which is underpinned by healthy demand and solid fundamentals globally. As Glenn mentioned earlier, we continue to see profitable revenue growth across our three businesses. We also have meaningful catalysts that will further improve our performance including the startup of the Madrid mill later this quarter, which will produce 400,000 metric tons of high performance lightweight recycled containerboard for our European packaging business. We also have more runway as we optimize our Global Cellulose Fibers business, which is already well ahead of our investment commitment, and in our papers business, we're seeing improved demand globally. Looking forward, we have clear line of sight to 10-plus-percent EBITDA growth and strong cash generation in 2018, with an improving trend of performance throughout the year. Before we open the call for questions, I recognize there's a high level of interest in our proposal to acquire Smurfit Kappa. At this point, there is no new information to share. We have a compelling proposal on the table and we're disappointed we haven't been able to engage with Smurfit Kappa. Relative to the Q&A session of this call, I'd like the focus on the quarter and the strong year we have ahead of us. With that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to touch on, as I look across, the main business here – thank you Guillermo for some of the new slides and some of the color. It looks like one of the things that isn't in there any longer, it's kind of the volume and the price per ton outlook that you used to provide in the back, perhaps could you give us some color as to you know where you are in realization of some of the price in the containerboard and in the cellulosic fiber business, what's and if perhaps you could remind us what yet you have announced out there yet, particularly on the pulp side, there seemingly is a new announcement everyday there but what IP's announced, and how we might see that flow through over the balance of the year?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Chris, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. I'll just make an overall statement about the pricing movement across the business as you mentioned. As we've said I think on the last call, we expect and we're seeing what we would say as a normal realization pattern both in the Industrial Packaging business and in the Cellulose Fibers business. But with some particulars, I'll ask Glenn to try to cover a couple of the particulars that you asked.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah, Chris. Hi, Glenn here. The way I would think about that is basically what we shared back in January was 10% plus EBITDA growth. And what we share there relative to pricing and volume was primarily the carryover of price increases that were implemented in 2017. You're absolutely correct, and as Mark said, we have had further announcements and we are implementing current prices. What we see there is those increases change our view, make it more confident in the 10% plus and we will see them roll out as scheduled through the remainder of the year as upside to our views. For example, the March 1 containerboard increase on boxes is a tailwind to the previous stated 10% plus or...
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: And Chris, just a reminder on what I said about normal realization in that box price example that Glenn just referenced. It's normal for us across segments and the mix of customers that we have to see two to three quarters of our implementation until we get to full realization. And we expect that to be what plays out in this particular increase.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. This is incremental. That's where I was going with this as to what you've got there. Second question I had, Mark, and I appreciate you don't want a lot of questions about Smurfit on the call, but could you just perhaps give us a sense of the decision tree that you worked through with respect to timing? I mean, obviously, this isn't a bid that has a shelf life forever but kind of the decision tree as to when you feel you have to make a decision and then get back to run what you do on a regular day-to-day basis without the overhang?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, I appreciate the question, and as I mentioned at the start of the Q&A, there really isn't anything new to report on that. There's a process that we're in right now and we will continue to look at our options, but I'm not really at liberty to say what the next process or as you said decision tree is. Fundamentally though, if you look at the performance of the company, we're running the company very, very well and that's where our focus is right now.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I might have missed this, but I had a question probably more for Glenn on the equity income line. You mentioned or in the slides that basically it looks like almost all of the equity income, the $95 million, was from Ilim or said differently, only $3 million would have come from Graphic. And so could you just walk through why that apparently was only $3 million?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Chip, absolutely. So, subsequent to Graphic making their earnings release, we saw a number of $12 million. We got an estimate, a pre-estimate of that of $8 million and we had corporate accounting changes or corporate accounting adjustments that took $6 million off of that. So, the net-net is essentially $3 million that showed up, we'll true up the difference in further quarters. But that's essentially how we get to the math. You're right, the large percent of the $95 million is Ilim.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Understood. And it seems like that would be sort of their GAAP number and not their – if I'm not missing, if I have this right, and not their adjusted number. They basically had twice as much adjusted income as they had GAAP income. So, is it sort of fair to say that you didn't make that adjustment?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: We made our internal adjustment from the estimate given which was $8 million to get to the $3 million answer. Ultimately, we will true up in the future from a purchase accounting standpoint.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. There was no adjustment for going from reported to adjusted earnings, okay. And then, the next question is, just want to make sure I have this right. I think you called out – roughly looks like to me a little over $100 million in net positives going from the first to the second quarter, not including pricing and industrial and fluff, but not to make you go through all those numbers, but does that sound right, a little over $100 million on a pre-tax basis of net improvements in the three segments, not counting the price in those two segments?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. When you look at the bridge, ultimately the large portion of that is the revenue uptick across the businesses. So, yeah, directionally you're in the ballpark.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research Group.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Just to clarify, so the numbers on the outlook which you gave, and they came fast and furiously, so I'm not sure I got all of them first time, but so they did not include any potential from fluff or the box price increase or they did?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: No, they absolutely did, Mark. So, our quarter-over-quarter look into the second quarter was holistic to include all our recent increases.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And I'm sorry, so on the Industrial Packaging side, what was the price mix number 2Q V 1Q?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark. This is Mark Sutton. So, what Glenn outlined by business, I would encourage you to follow up with Guillermo and Michelle because they can walk you through all of that detail, but the number for Industrial Packaging, Glenn decided was $25 million due to recent price increases. There's also a number for Cellulose Fibers and for paper, but the IR team will be happy to go through that with you in detail.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, just lastly, wanted to also just clarify on that from the first question. So, the 10% plus in EBITDA that did not include benefit from incremental pricing, but I think on the question it was suggested is that, that would all be additive. Is that the right way to think about it? Or are there other offsets so that we really can't do that simple math of the 10% and then whatever pricing have that additive? Just wanted to clarify that.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Yeah. So, Mark what we said on the 10% EBITDA plus outlook 90 days ago was that it included flow through from previously announced 2017 pricing actions and our outlook on input cost and other elements at that point in time. Fast forward to now, we just discussed that there was a number of new price increases that are out there. There's also movement in some of the inputs. So, that's why there's a plus sign there, and you're right, those latest price increases that have been announced for 2018 were not considered in that original outlook.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: As well as any changes to inputs or volumes that you or we may see going forward.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right. And I guess that's why I just wanted to focus on it. So, with that, today's point in time, would that be anticipated to be a partial offset or not necessarily?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Well, I think there's a net upside.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, everyone.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Just a question on the Cellulose Fiber business. Just a little confused by the price benefit there. It seems like maybe not getting as much leverage to some of the price increases that we've seen, and I know discounting happens, but just wondering if there's just more of a delayed impact there, if we should expect the acceleration to come a little bit later in the year? And then, just sort of relate it to the weather outages in the quarter, some of that volume, it sounds like wasn't able to get out, but it was produced and it's just sitting there. So, does that mean you know we should expect a little bit more volume than normal as you get those shipments out the door and recognize that revenue?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Good question. Two points there, this is Glenn, relative to Cellulose Fibers. One on the first question is, is we're implementing price increases and I think I heard earlier there have been a lot of incremental price increases, we're realizing those as we expect to realize them, and yes depending on which channel to market, they have varying degrees of lag. So, a lot of this is still back end loaded in this year to the extent it was already announced and is being implemented. From a standpoint of your next question relative to...
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So what – what he asked about was volume and if there is going to be a catch up?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: So, the point there is at Grand Prairie as I said we had flow backs associated with supply chain interruptions. We lost volume there and we call that out in the summary section there. We are recovering from that, but that was a headwind and did cause us some loss volume in the first quarter.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I would say overall some of these products were qualified and we are the primary suppliers of the idea that we will have catch-up ability is definitely in our commitment to our customers. There's strong demand for the fluff and specialty segment of the product mix and also good demand for the special market pop like, what we make in Canada. So, good operations will allow us to get more of that product out to market, so we expect strong demand and some of that we'll be able to catch-up, there's no doubt.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And just a follow-on, you know, some of the industry box shipment data that's come out shows maybe a little bit of a deceleration from the trend we were on coming out of last year. Just wondering, if you're seeing that as well, maybe if you could kind of comment under April volumes, how they've been shaping up so far and then just sort of in general, do you think if there is any deceleration, is it weather driven, economically driven or just tougher comps, any kind of color you give there will be helpful?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think seasonally there're some changes in box demand. I guess, it depends on an individual customers' mix. I can only speak for IP, we see continued strong fundamentals and it's broad based across many segments. And recently, we've seen box demand, the traditional offset we've seen with GDP that gap has closed and we see for the foreseeable future that that's going to be a sustainable trend. So, it's pretty strong across the segments, wherein Glenn had shared a chart in the presentation around some of the segments and where we're underweight and overweight. If you dig into the sub-segments there and the customers that participate there, you can see what drove our slide over performance to the market. And so far this quarter, box demand remains very healthy and strong.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about where your inventories stand, both on the containerboard side, both in terms of all the outage issues in the quarter? There were press reports that you had lost or were talking about with customers 100,000 tons and relative to the tightness and the logistics side of things?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Sure, Gail. This is Glenn. Overall, as I indicated in the core presentation, our businesses in North America, but across the globe are sold out. We're not – we're running with any lack of order downtime and we're hand-to-mouth so to speak to meet our customer needs and that's been exacerbated by some of the upset conditions, weather related and otherwise, in the first quarter. And some of the supply chain constraints, like we talked about at Grand Prairie. So, again, we're – our supply chain is working incredibly hard to put what we need and what customers need in inventory to support their growth. But we're tight.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And going back to (32:46) a little bit. In the past, you've been willing to share kind of what your long-term modeling looks like and I'm just wondering if you could, I know you mentioned that would just tracking closer to GDP, but can you put some specific numbers to that and how that might have compared to this time last year?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We are seeing, I guess, from public information that trends right now look closer to GDP and that's a great outcome if that's sustainable. Clearly, some of the secular movements whether it's fresh food and e-commerce has closed that gap in the medium term to the extent you believe the runway on those secular trends that could be more than norm, but we're just going to have to see that play out.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: And Gail, I would just add to Glenn's answer, on the long term planning, we never live in the moment of current demand, we look at a number of different things, so that we can plan appropriately our capability and the box plans, our capacity for container board, and so that long term planning still has a very rigorous look, and it almost always is a lower number than the moment that we're in unless the moment we're in is really low, so we don't, we don't confuse in the near term, we're happy to have the near term where we have it, but our long term and our investment plan is based on a much more sober look at the overall market, and but right now, we're lucky to be able to have the capability and the footprint to serve the demand while it's there.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Thanks very much.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for all the details, as always. I had two questions, the first is really on the subject of your non-North American operations, we look at the paper business in, or let me rephrase it, on the one hand, North American paper, we look at the business and recognizing there is a firm amount of freight and maintenance outage burdened this quarter. Nonetheless, you know, generating a million or so of EBIT on the revenue that that segment does, does that suggest perhaps you need to take another look at this business strategically longer term, and then the related question, is getting ahead of myself, you know, when we look at the non-North American packaging businesses, again we see very modest EBIT on relatively large revenue gains. At some point, do we need to think about the strategy, the structure? Whether it's within Brazil or Europe in terms of your containerboard and Box business there? Thank you, guys.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thanks, George. This is Glenn, and those are both good questions. Relative to North America papers, we feel great about where we are, probably we feel as good as we have in the last decade in terms of the dynamic, again we acknowledge we're in secular decline and we don't think that rate of decline has changed materially. But what we do see is our good industry fundamentals. We are shipping less exports to meet U.S. demand, and quite frankly, there are less imports coming in. So, those are good signs. We have price traction. We do have headwinds, supply chain is a headwind, but that's something – somewhat in our control that we're going to manage and optimize. So, again, does this make us rethink of the business? No, I think this is a reinforcement that this is a cash generating business, it has the potential to – with our asset quality to draw up a lot of cash and we have assets that are very material to our other businesses. So, I think it's right in line with our strategy, but when you look at it holistically, given our geographic footprint, the printing papers around the world, it's a growth business when we're in a mid-cycle environment and we're certainly seeing that right now by the revenue growth over the last couple of years and into the future with Brazil and otherwise. Fair point on packaging outside of North America. We have positions obviously in Europe and South America. In Europe, we're augmenting that position with catalyst, which we believe is going to make a big difference in integration, our Madrid mill, and we're quite committed to our market access in Europe, but we have some squeeze now as a non-integrated player and that's why we're addressing that with some organic moves to do this conversion. Relative to Latin America, structurally we're somewhat impaired there, but we're growing our market access, we're building customer relationships, and I'm not going to open up a can of worms here relative to our aspirations globally, but clearly, we see fit to improve our market access in those very profitable pools around the world through acquisitions if we can do it at the right price.
George Leon Staphos - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, I want to just follow up on George's second question there and talk about the international container board operations. Can you, A, give us some sense of kind of the sequencing on Madrid ramp up and sort of how you think about that in the context of what looks like an awful lot of new supply coming in Europe over the few years. And then, secondly, down in Brazil, the business is EBITDA negative. It's been five years since you bought that business, what's a reasonable timeline to be generating reasonable returns in Brazil?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Two good questions, Mark. I appreciate them. Relative to Madrid, we have line of sight. Clearly, there were some obstacles, largely due to labor and management of that labor in Spain, but Madrid is now looking to be ramping up by the end of this quarter and we feel great about that. That addresses a primary concern. Understand the backdrop of new capacity, but we also like the growth quotient in Europe, so a lot of that new capacity we think will be absorbed by growth. The good news for International Paper is our mill is 100% integrated at day one. So, we get to keep that margin, which is meaningful now given where OCC's at in Europe and around the world. So, again, we feel it is a big step forward for our business in Europe. Orsa continues to struggle but improve. There's year-over-year improvement two years in a row here. We're focused on our customers. We're cautious on capital allocation. So, it's really about understanding market access and understanding how to navigate Brazil in a non-recessionary environment. Line of sight, we think we have line of sight to an EBITDA positive business, that certainly isn't a return that's acceptable to us, and we'll make decisions and keep our options open on how we operate across Latin America. But clearly, we see Latin America as a profit pool we want to be a part of.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Hey, Steve.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So, you had some extraordinary items in Q1 that were more extraordinary than normal. And you said it hit the quarter by about $0.08 and you also moved some maintenance forward. Can you quantify that on the maintenance front, either in dollar terms or in percentage terms?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah, we can, and what we talked about was the cost headwinds. There were some volume headwinds as well on that 50%. We talked about Grand Prairie maybe as another issue. But yes, of the $0.08 hit, that's going to be a non-repeat. The pull forward predominantly in Industrial Packaging, let's say that's about $15 million of outages out in the second quarter that'll come in that have already been taken care of.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That's great. And then also a question on the Riverdale conversion. How is that going? And when does the free sheet machine there get turned off, so to speak?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: So, Riverdale is on track. We have not disclosed specifically our point at which we pull the plug. We are ultimately going to time that with the engineering and time that with market demand. But as we outlined and disclosed from a macro standpoint, we're right on track with the project and we'll keep updating you as we go along.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Steve, what we did I think when we announced a project, we talked about it being online, which would obviously mean the conversion would take the uncoated free sheet somewhere in the middle to second half of 2019, and right now, that's still our current thinking.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you both.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Glenn, you talked earlier about OCC being low around the world. I just want to follow up on that. What are your longer term views along those lines? I know some have been of the view that OCC has to go up over time because of some eventual global fiber shortage, but we obviously have not seen evidence of that as of late. So, can you just talk about what your view is to the extent you have a strong view along those lines?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I think we do have a fairly firm view long-term and I appreciate you framing it long-term, because short-term is a lot more complicated answer. But long-term, it comes down to if you believe in global growth and the fact that boxes ultimately will facilitate that global growth that there will be strong demand for recovered fiber and there will be pressure on that important substrate over time. We suggest in any medium term period it can be quite volatile. This definitely impacts the trade today, forcing even different fiber streams to meet some of the needs. We'll watch it closely. We still remain very confident in North America that our low cost virgin position is a winner, but we see OCC a strategic, not only in the U.S. but around the world. And the good news, Adam, is we're located both in Europe and in North America and Brazil for that matter where it's produced. So, ultimately, we have the first access. So, we have the right to first supply, the rest of the world's growth has to come from our region. So, again, in any medium term situation, we'll have access, and over the long-term, to your original question, we see you know, incremental pressure.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. Why not?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Adam, I'll just add – just a high level statement around what you would have to believe to arrive at the view Glenn just described. If you believe in global growth of fiber based packaging, then you understand that OCC is going to become more and more valuable. If you look at where a lot of the growth is occurring and the source of OCC of course is a box that starts with virgin tree fiber. So, we believe in global growth, and fiber based packaging enhance the value that OCC is going to play long-term in that value chain is going to be pretty important. That should lead to a commodity that's worth a lot more. But there's always going to be dislocations like what's happening in China, but cleaning it up is the right thing to do. But it's going to cost money to do it, but it's still the best solution for that type of packaging.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. And just aside from OCC, obviously, just about everything's been inflationary at least in the states in recent months, just along with an improving economy to the extent the economy continues to improve, you know, the freight, labor, chemicals, other stuff. Do you expect those buckets to remain quite inflationary as we've seen them in the recent months?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. It's a great question. And when we look at our year-over-year view, you know, we – we do see inflationary pressure for sure. We see it in energy and chemicals. I think what we're experiencing more than that right now in terms of wood is more seasonal. But you know OCC is – is the big variable and whether that neutralizes or not, I guess will play out during the year, but certainly, transportation is structural. You know energy and chemicals is – is material. Wood, we think it stays very competitive.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much, Glenn.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hey, Scott.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Mark or Glenn, when I – when I look at you know slide 20 on the EBITDA guidance and then you've got the comment around strong and sustainable free cash flow on – on that slide as well. I'm just trying to triangulate down that the free cash flow. So, get 10% plus EBITDA growth in 2018, do you think you'll be able to get to a 10% plus growth in free cash flow as well or there are some things that hold it back in 2018, relative to 2017?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good question. And we talked 10% plus, we frame the 10% plus relative to what we said last quarter and what we believe now. We don't forecast cash flow. But I – but I can say that it – it should be within – within the same conditions materially to somewhat equal.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: So, yes to the extent we have upside in EBITDA, most of that will translate into free cash flow.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, fair enough. And then, just as my follow-up question, if I look at the proxy that you filed back on April 5, in regard to compensation, there was a little bit of a change to the long-term management compensation, especially around return on invested capital, I think you move to an absolute ROIC versus a relative ROIC prior, which would seemingly give you a little bit more leeway to change your ROIC targets on a long-term basis. Can you talk about that, and am I reading that correctly?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: So, what you're, what you're seeing here is, is a change, it was a change under consultation with multiple external advisors including our board advisor. You know, we had an issue with, with relative ROIC in that – in that plan meeting versus, versus competition, just because of the variability associated with that. While we have built in the ROIC piece of the long-term incentive plan is a structural imperative to have a meaningful spread to our cost of capital, balanced by TSR. So, again, we think a very robust view of growing the size of our intrinsic value with TSR and maintaining over time a ROIC with the spreads of the cost of capital. So, so again, we believe a much more clear and clean way for our organization to see value creation and also to report back out on it. Clearly, the baseline for any payments is our cost of capital, but target is, is a meaningful spread of 200, and again, today we – we would do any capital allocation with that factor in mind.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Glenn. Appreciate it. Thanks, Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: So, you've described a couple of your businesses as representing attractive profit pools in this call. Can you expand on what sort of criteria you focus on in determining what constitutes an attractive profit pool. And the second question is fairly simple. Can you tell us more about commercial excellence? My guess is that that's mostly a customer focused program, but I'm wondering, if there are specific financial targets on it as well?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, Mark, on a profit pool comment, what we look at and it's part of this framework we described around building attractive positions, building competitive positions and starting attractive markets. One of the attractiveness criteria of the market is that, there's profit to be made and that you can actually see that flow back through the value chain, so that the producer in our case of packaging has a chance to capture some of that profit. There are other markets that have high growth rates, so that's an attractiveness criteria, but based on structure and where they are in the world, there's not much money to be made, and I think if you look at International Paper, you might conclude that our on the ground operations in Asia didn't meet our test for being able to capture a profit pool even though the market has some of the highest growth rates in the world. Instead what we did is we shifted our manufacturing focus and made products that they need in that market and produced them where they should be produced, and hence, we captured the profit pool. For our packaging, when we look at the world, there is more value appreciated by customers, and hence, more ability to create a compelling value proposition and capture profit in the Americas and in Europe. So, that's how we think about that – that is one of several attractiveness criteria.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And on commercial excellence, are there financial targets there or is that really just making customers happy?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, I think at a high level, it's more than just making customers happy, it's really integrating what we do operationally with what we do commercially. We talk a lot about some of the programs we use to run a good operation in supply chain, in manufacturing; lean manufacturing tools, processes that evaluate data and do predictive analytics on our factories. There's a whole world of similar initiatives around helping customers find solutions to their issues and it might be that our package helps the throughput in a certain customers filling plant, things we've been working on significantly, but when you think about International Paper's journey over the last several years, building the company we have today, a lot of our focus is rightfully been on successfully bringing new people into the company, integrating acquisitions, building a really competitive set of offerings, and focusing on getting our best possible position from a cost and product quality standpoint, and blending the human side of all of that. We've done a very good job of that. And I think it shows in our results with our returns, with our cash flow, with our dividend capability; and we want to re-energize our efforts now on taking the company we build and taking the next step in integrating commercial excellence and operational excellence. So, the targets in there are really reflective in our normal financial targets. We want to produce best-in-class margins and in some cases we already do. We want to increase our distance in our lead. It's also about profitably finding ways to grow the company. We're not a high growth company, but we should not shy away from the ability to grow our company; hence, why we talk about profitable revenue growth. So, if you've got returns like International Paper has, well above our cost of capital and you can profitably grow, you're going to create higher intrinsic value and that should be exciting for investors.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: That's super. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marcio Farid with UBS Global Research.
Marcio Farid - UBS Brasil CCTVM SA: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have just one follow-up question on the JV Ilim, I'm not sure how much you can comment on it, but the company has clearly been performed pretty well. So, I just wanted to understand what are the long-term plans there? Do you see room for more investment on capacity growth or the idea is just to pay dividends from here? Thank you.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks for the question. Ilim is a fantastic business, it's one of the best examples we have of our competitive position of serving a really attractive market. A lot of Ilim's products end up going to Asia. There is optimization underway right now in Ilim across the business that gets exported out of the country and across the businesses that served the Russian market. And as Ilim has already in the past disclosed there's opportunity for growing that business through further investment, and that plan is underway in various stages. But business has a tremendous amount of potential, it's performing very, very well. We've got great people in that business and great assets and we have very attractive markets especially the adjacent market in Asia.
Marcio Farid - UBS Brasil CCTVM SA: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question does come from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Thank you. Just want to make sure I have my numbers are right. It looks like you've cut about $11 million out of the maintenance expense from the year, at least versus the first quarter and with the – looks like the $14 million extra you spent in the first quarter versus the plan means that we kind of are looking at a nickel of benefit in the back nine months in terms of the maintenance being less than what we would have thought before, you know, based on the first – the numbers in the first fourth quarter call back in February.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Hey, Chip. This is Glenn. Yeah, I mean, you caught it. Your numbers are directly correct.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Just want to make sure I got that. Thank you.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: So, thanks, everyone for being – I'm sorry, operator.
Operator: And now, I'd like to turn it back over to Guillermo.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: And Guillermo is going to turn it back over to me. Thanks, operator. Thank you for all being on the call and for your interest in International Paper. As I said earlier in my remarks, we have a lot of momentum coming out of the first quarter, and it's driven by solid fundamentals and significant success with our customers and really all of our businesses. We look forward to delivering a very strong year of performance in 2018. We also look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Guillermo Gutierrez - VP, IR Mark Sutton - Chairman and CEO Glenn Landau - SVP and CFO Jean-Michel Ribieras - SVP, Global Cellulose Fibers Timothy Nicholls - SVP, Industrial Packaging, Americas
Analysts: Lars Kjellberg - Credit Suisse Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Chip Dillon - Vertical Research George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Chercover - DA Davidson Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Anthony Pettinari - Citi Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. Guillermo Gutierrez. Please go ahead, sir.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning. And thank you for joining International Paper's fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Landau, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-US GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to US GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim joint venture, slide four provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Guillermo, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining International Paper's fourth quarter and 2017 full year earnings call. I'm going to start on slide five. International Paper delivered a strong year of performance in 2017. When we entered 2017, we said it would be a year of two halves. And we made a commitment to a strong second half performance in order to deliver more than 10% EBITDA growth for the year. I'm very pleased to share with you today that we delivered 16% EBITDA growth in 2017, excluding the Consumer Packaging business, which we are recording as discontinued operation. The 16% EBITDA growth includes 10% of organic earnings growth and 6% from earnings growth related to the pulp acquisition. Including Consumer Packaging, we delivered $3.9 billion in EBITDA in 2017 or a 13% year-over-year growth. Our performance was driven by excellent commercial execution across our businesses and solid synergy realization in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. We continue to grow value for our shareholders with an ROIC of 10%, solidly exceeding our cost of capital. We also made substantial progress on many fronts, including the outstanding integration of our Global Cellulose Fibers business, as well as accelerating strategic investments for growth in Industrial Packaging. We also made an important strategic move in Consumer Packaging that further enables us to focus on growing value in our core businesses. We generated strong free cash flow of $2 billion in 2017, which enabled us to strengthen our balance sheet and increase our dividend for the sixth consecutive year. I would also like to take this opportunity to highlight the continued strong performance at our Ilim JV, which delivered solid operational and financial results and provided more than $130 million in cash dividends in International Paper in 2017. So overall, I feel very good about what we accomplished in 2017. And as importantly, I'm really excited about how we are positioned as we enter 2018. Turning to our full-year results on slide six, and I'll remind you again that Consumer Packaging is now reflected in our financials as discontinued operations from 2013 onwards. Do keep in mind that our free cash flow does include discontinued operations. For 2017, we grew revenue by 11%, driven by the pulp acquisition and excellent commercial performance across our businesses, with improvements in volume, pricing, and mix. And those improvements accelerated throughout the year. This enabled us to offset significantly higher average for recovered fiber cost and other input cost headwinds such as transportation to grow our margins and deliver solid earnings and free cash flow in 2017. Moving to slide seven. International Paper continues to be a strong and sustainable cash generator, which enables us to execute our strategy and optimize capital allocation to continue growing value for our shareholders. On slide eight, International Paper delivered another strong year of return on invested capital, with a 300 basis point spread to our weighted average cost of capital. This marks our eighth consecutive year of value-creating returns for our shareholders. I'll now turn it over to Glenn, who will cover the performance across our businesses and a few other financial topics, including our first quarter outlook. Glenn?
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on slide nine in the presentation, which shows our full-year operating earnings per share bridge from 2016 to 2017. Notably, as you can see, price and mix improvements played an important role in our earnings growth in 2017 and was largely driven by realization-associated increases announced in our North American Industrial Packaging and Global Fibers businesses earlier in the year. Operations, on the other hand, were negatively impacted by two significant hurricane events and the interruption of production at Pensacola. Our maintenance outages in legacy operations were a partial offset. Our reported higher outages in our acquired pulp business are captured in the pulp acquisition column. Input costs were clear and sustained headwind through most of 2017, driven by significantly higher recovered fiber cost, OCC on year-over-year basis, along with higher energy and transportation costs, especially during the latter part of the year. Moving across the bridge, I'll point out the negative swing at Ilim. It was due primarily to FX. And lastly, we have the baseline carryover benefit of the pulp acquisition whose positive contribution accelerated as the year progressed. Now, let's turn to slide 10 and focus on our results for the fourth quarter that show a strong finish to a solid year. International Paper delivered record operating EPS in the fourth quarter of $1.27 and continued to see healthy demand in US and globally. Our North American Industrial Packaging business and Global Cellulose Fibers business both had record volumes in the quarter. And we benefited from the full realization of first half price increases and continued price gains in export markets across our portfolio. Global Cellulose again outpaced our plan, delivering more synergies and faster. And our Ilim JV delivered strong performance, with $64 million in equity earnings underlying the strength of that platform. All-in, we had another very solid quarter capped with stronger free cash flow and generation. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter EPS bridge on slide 11. We saw more price realization in the fourth quarter, now driven by further gains in containerboard exports and higher prices across all pulp grades. Volume was strong as well, with record shipments in North America box, containerboard exports, and our pulp grades in the quarter. Unlike the year-over-year trend, inputs provided some relief in the fourth quarter as OCC moved off its historical highs established in third quarter. This was partially offset though by seasonally higher wood costs, higher chemical costs, and higher transportation associated pipe rail and truck capacity. And lastly, Ilim delivered sequentially stronger results on higher pricing and solid demand. Relative to our segment performance, I'll start with Industrial Packaging on page 12. As I already mentioned, we realized meaningful price gains in containerboard exports and solid demand across all international channels, backstopped by record shipments in North America box. Baseline operations improved sequentially as well, even excluding the non-repeating items of both the hurricane impact in the third quarter and the benefit of the final tranche of Pensacola insurance recovery of $14 million in the fourth quarter. Maintenance outage expense decreased by $10 million as we had our lowest maintenance outage quarter of the year. And input cost improved as OCC pulled back from the third quarter historical high. Although partially offset by seasonally higher wood costs and very difficult transportation operations, primarily availability, which again reflects the strong underlying demand environment, which we are experiencing. Taking a closer look at our Industrial Packaging business in the fourth quarter. Our margins expanded meaningfully, as expected, driven by several factors. First, we continue to see strong global demand for our corrugated packaging, as reflected by record shipments in North America box and containerboard exports in the fourth quarter. Second, our multi-channel go-to-market strategy continues to be an important driver of our platform performance. These channels to market, which include the integrated box business and our domestic and export containerboard segment, provide choices for International Paper to maximize value. This was especially evident in the fourth quarter where we saw a significant margin expansion, largely due to higher realized prices. And lastly, I want to address our industrial packaging mill optimization initiatives. We've now brought online about half of the 250,000 tons of capacity we announced in 2015. This added capacity is not only providing us with the needed flexibility to optimize our product and geographic mix, it has enabled us to keep up with strong and steady market growth, no more apparent than in the fourth quarter. So now, moving to Global Cellulose Fibers on page 14. This business delivered solid results in the fourth quarter, with earnings of $98 million and an EBITDA margin of nearly 23%. This was driven by outstanding commercial performance, driving price and mix improvement across the portfolio. We continue to see strong demand across all grades, but particularly in our fluff segment. Executing our plan to qualify our Riegelwood 18 machine on fluff on an accelerated basis allowed us to serve the growing demand from our customers and increase our mix towards more fluff pulp, ultimately providing margin uplift better than planned. And on the synergy front, we again accelerated our realizations in the fourth quarter. And I will come back to that with some more color on the next slide. Moving on, and with full transparency, fourth quarter operations did benefit by $15 million from the inventory valuation associated with our LIFO accounting convention. And maintenance outage expenses remained low during the fourth quarter. And input costs were moderately higher on seasonal wood costs. All in, we are very pleased with the progress made integrating the Global Cellulose Fibers business. And just to make one underlying before we move on, we are extremely well positioned to service our customers globally and have made outstanding progress in bringing synergies to the bottom line. I do want to point out though, as we enter 2018, we do have higher maintenance expenses planned. And we will have a significant step-up in corporate allocations to this business, impacting reported results only at the segment level. Turning to slide 15 and taking a closer look at Global Cellulose Fiber synergies. The business delivered very strong performance in the fourth quarter, capturing $53 million across the enterprise and bringing the full year to $155 million. You will recall that our original 2018 exit target was $175 million, which we then revised upward to $200 million. We can say proudly that we are closing 2017 at $205 million run rate, exceeding our target a year ahead of plan. In summary, we are capturing more synergies faster, exceeded our target and, therefore, have executed in a central pillar of our earnings growth commitment associated with this acquisition. With that, we officially close out our synergy reporting and move to the next step of further optimization. And as you can see in the table, meaningful optimization opportunities are still in front of us in 2018 and beyond, particularly in manufacturing supply chain operations. Moving to Printing Papers. Results came in better than expected on improved commercial performance, particularly in Brazil, where we benefited from stronger-than-expected seasonal volume gains, better mix, directly correlated with higher domestic net demand. We also saw realization in the quarter across all our paper segments, confirming more recent initiatives have good traction on price. Maintenance outage expenses were higher than the third quarter, as expected. And input costs were impacted by higher wood costs, particularly in Russia operations, as well as higher pulp costs in Brazil. So coming back to North America, our operations were impacted by seasonally higher operating costs and unusually cold weather, as well as higher distribution cost due to the constrained availability of trucking options in this environment. Now, on to Ilim on page 17, that JV delivered very solid results, driven by higher pricing and strong volumes, only partly offset by higher seasonal wood and energy costs. There were no maintenance outage expenses during the quarter. And our equity earnings benefited from a non-cash FX gain on the JV's US-denominated debt. Turning to the balance sheet, on page 18. During 2017, although we expected, we delivered step-change progress towards bringing our leverage ratio back to our stated target of less than 3 times debt to EBITDA on a moving adjusted basis. Our pension gap decreased by $1.4 billion on a $1.25 billion voluntary pension contribution, which was partially funded by a $1 billion debt issuance at very attractive terms. Internal to the plan, very strong pension plan investment returns were only partially offset by a 50 basis point decrease in the discount rate. Further, and as I've - we discussed earlier, during 2017, we took meaningful measures to derisk the plan, including transferring approximately $1.3 billion of pension benefit obligations to a third party, effectively reducing the cost of our PBTC insurance premiums. Going forward, we will remain fully committed to a strong balance sheet. And as we enter 2018, we will continue to deleverage by paying down additional debt in order to meet our commitments and sustain our investment-grade credit rating. On slide 19, I want to take this opportunity to update you on the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to International Paper. First and foremost, with regard to border tax policy, our position has been clear. Tax policy should help drive economic growth and level the playing field with competitors around the world. While a lot has been achieved here, we continue to evaluate the impact of these significant changes and many smaller changes to International Paper. But there is no question, the main impact to us is the headline corporate tax rate, which moves from 35% to 21%. Correspondingly, you will notice that we recognized a $1.2 billion non-cash benefit in special items in the fourth quarter, which includes the remeasurement of our US deferred taxes to the new corporate tax rate. I'll remind you that we do not have any US federal NOL carryover. So essentially, International Paper is a full taxpayer of tax. Of course, we also pay state and local taxes, which takes our projected global operational tax rate to approximately 25% to 27% in 2018. Another important impact of the tax reform to International Paper is the accelerated depreciation, which will allow us to develop the full amount of our US-based capital investments within the same year through 2022 versus 50% previously. Lastly, relative to the repatriation of cash, also known as the transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings, this means we are no longer taxed when bringing cash back from our foreign subsidy. With that said, we do have to pay for this flexibility. And we currently estimate this cost, net of foreign tax credits, to be approximately $200 million to be paid over the next eight years. Net-net, however, this flexibility is a strong positive to International Paper. All in, we expect a positive cash tax impact exceeding $200 million in '18 and beyond. Now, turning to our first quarter outlook on page 20. We expect to see a $10 million benefit from additional price realization in containerboard exports and a $5 million benefit on improved pricing in our Paper segment associated with announced 2017 increases. Volume will be down seasonally versus the fourth quarter as we go into this normally slower period and, therefore, expect a $40 million impact in North America Industrial Packaging and a $20 million impact in Brazil paper. We will also see a modest decrease in Global Cellulose Fibers of about $10 million, driven by the impact of Chinese New Year. Our North American mill operation is affected by the severe weather experienced at the beginning of this year, summing to a cumulative impact of $35 million, primarily in our Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses. And also, recall that during the fourth quarter, our North American Industrial Packaging business had a $14 million insurance recovery payment for Pensacola. And our Global Cellulose Fibers business had a $15 million benefit for inventory valuation, LIFO. But this is more about timing. And neither of these items will repeat in the first quarter. During the first quarter, we will also see $15 million higher cost in our European packaging business, primarily related to the Madrid mill startup. Given our uneven outage schedule, planned maintenance outage expenses will increase by $145 million in the first quarter. And further, input costs will be a headwind of $35 million across our business, driven by our higher wood, energy, and transportation costs. Lastly, in the other items category, we include corporate expense, interest expense, tax rate, and the equity earnings from our Ilim JV and our ownership interest in Graphic Packaging. Although here that our equity earnings from Graphic Packaging will be before tax. And the effect of approximately 1% is included in our tax outlook. Net-net, we are off to a strong start in the first quarter, despite seasonal and timing noise. And our confidence in the full year remains robust. Turning to slide 21. You can see some of our key planning assumptions for 2018. As stated previously, we expect higher maintenance outage expenses due to the impact of an 18-month cycle and extended averages at several mills, all of which is an investment in the future, as we position them for longer maintenance cycle schedules, saving cost in future periods. For more specificity, you can find the 2018 quarterly maintenance cost by business on page 27 of the appendix. And as has become the norm, it is important to point that more than 70% of our average are planned during the first half of the year. Relative to capital expenditures, we have allocated $1.5 billion for 2018, including $500 million in strategic capital, as we fund value-creating opportunities in our core growth businesses, which I will discuss further on the next slide. Lastly, please note our estimates for D&A, interest expense, corporate items, and our new effective tax rate. Slide 22 shows additional details on our $1.5 billion capital investment priorities for 2018. Approximately, $900 million will go toward maintenance and regulatory projects to maintain our safe and sustainable world-class mill system of low-cost advantage assets, ultimately keeping the lights on with added benefits of improved liability. Further, we will also invest $100 million in high-return cost-reduction projects where we have a healthy pipeline in our core businesses with IRRs of 30% or greater, which we will fund over time to optimize our advantage assets. And lastly, we will invest $500 million in strategic projects with healthy spreads above our cost of capital. These include, for example, the Madrid Mill conversion from newsprint to lightweight recycled containerboard, where we'll see the benefit starting in the second half of the year. And a recently announced Riverdale machine 15 conversion from uncoated freesheet to virgin white top containerboard with a total capital investment of $300 million over 2018 and 2019. Again, we are taking this additional step to unbundle our capital expenditures to scale and emphasize the meaningful shift to value creation in our growth businesses. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. We are very pleased with the progress we made in 2017 and, as I mentioned earlier, with the momentum we're carrying into 2018. We're confident in another year of 10% plus EBITDA growth, driven by continued strong outlook in our core businesses and the full year price flow-through of 2017 increases. We continue to see healthy demand and solid fundamentals across our portfolio. We're making great progress on our optimization initiatives, as we improve our world-class manufacturing system. We have great customers in all of the important segments in the businesses that are core to International Paper. In addition to our EBITDA growth, we're also confident about our equity investment outlook. The Ilim JV is well positioned for another strong year performance. And we will start to see the benefits of our investments in Graphic Packaging. All in, we expect another year of strong cash generation. And we'll continue to allocate capital to grow value for our shareholders. And with that we'll open up the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lars Kjellberg with Credit Suisse.
Lars Kjellberg: Yes. Good morning. And thanks for all the details. I just wanted to have a couple of clarifications on the input cost. You talked about $0.60 for the full year 2017. Do you have any sense where you're going to get through 2018? And also, if you can comment a bit on fluff prices. There's, obviously, some degree of time lag. So should we not have expected a bigger positive from pricing and fluff in the first quarter?
Mark Sutton: Why don't we start with that first? And I'll turn that over to Jean-Michel.
Jean-Michel Ribieras: Good morning. Fluff prices, as you know, as always, I've mentioned, some time difference. And we actually [indiscernible] reason and also price increase for February. So we mostly expect to see the benefit of these price increases in Q2. We did announce this month a price increase in Q4. But it was only captured and officially reported this month. So again, I think some of the announcements we had in Q4 were not clearly taken. And because now they are officially, I think, we will see the benefits in Q2, but not in Q1 - or very small in Q1.
Lars Kjellberg: Okay.
Mark Sutton: So, Lars, can you repeat the question on input -
Lars Kjellberg: Yeah, you talked about a $0.60 hit, I guess, in one of the references you made in the presentation. Could you kind of - yeah. So how do you think input cost - what sort of impact do you see for the full year in 2018?
Mark Sutton: Well, in the full year in 2018, what we spoke to is $35 million across our businesses, driven by higher wood, energy, and transportation costs.
Lars Kjellberg: No, I appreciate that. But if you kind of look at a full-year basis, I suppose just the first quarter. Do you have any view on -
Mark Sutton: On a full-year basis, we're looking - go ahead, please. Glenn, would you want to refine that?
Glenn Landau: No, Lars. What we've outlined is the 35, we've outlined the first quarter. And we are continuing to refine as we look forward for the balance of the year.
Lars Kjellberg: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. Just one clarification on the guidance. The 10% EBITDA growth and then a couple of price increase announcements in the last week or two and a number of new different product rates. Just wondering if that's contemplated in the guidance, or if you think you can get to that sort of an EBITDA growth level even before the impact of those price increase announcements, recognizing that even if they did happen, they will be impacting you more later in the year?
Glenn Landau: Yeah. I think our outlook is based on our exit rate performance and our initiatives. And we don't include any outlook of initiated increases in that number.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks for that. And just a question on the balance sheet. You're getting a little closer to your leverage targets. The pension looks like it's in pretty good shape. I think you've outlined before, not a lot of cash needs there. And you're obviously getting a fair amount of money - a benefit from the tax law change. Just wondering if you have any updated thoughts on uses of cash, going forward, so we see the dividend maybe move up in line with some of the - giving some of the cash tax benefits back to the shareholders. Any kind of priorities you've got for use of cash at this point?
Mark Sutton: Brian, this is Mark. That's a great question. And if you think about our capital allocation framework, we don't plan on changing that framework. It's a balanced framework with shareholder return through dividend and occasional share buyback, with balance sheet maintenance to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet, investment-grade, as Glenn mentioned in his remarks. And a certain amount of that cash we generate for strategic projects, small acquisitions, things that are creating value across the Company. So a tax saving flows more into free cash flow. That free cash flow goes through that balanced framework, just as it did before.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just one last one for Glenn. Just on the cash tax rate. I think you mentioned you get some accelerated depreciation benefits. Any guidance on how that would compare to the book tax rate of 25% to 27%?
Glenn Landau: All in. So we factored all of the points I related to earlier into that new effective tax rate.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Glenn.
Glenn Landau: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: First, just coming back on that question Brian just asked. So what would the cash tax rate be, Glenn, in '18 and '19? Do you have any guidance on that?
Glenn Landau: Mark, we don't give guidance on the cash tax rate. But I underlined that we are a full taxpayer. The incremental savings due to the tax reform is around $200 million a year. And roughly, you can think about that as a third of our tax obligation.
Mark Wilde: Okay. I want to just step over to kind of capital spending in light of the - some of the tax law changes and also in light of a weaker dollar. And I'm just wondering whether these changes are going to affect your kind of capital spending cadence over the next few years, given the fact that you can accelerate the depreciation on new capital programs and also whether it's going to pivot IP back more towards a domestic focus?
Glenn Landau: Well, Mark, we have a balanced approach, as we speak too often, in terms of our capital allocation. Clearly, we've unbundled our strategic capital projects. And we've already oriented them to our core businesses of Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers, where most of those assets are in North America. So we were moving in that direction earlier. And it's accelerated depreciation and just helps us along those lines.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. And I would add that the cadence of capital is really driven by the opportunity to get returns and the demand signal we have for the businesses we are in. Where we spend it? Obviously, our regions compete on returns. So there could be an opportunity to do more cost reductions sooner, for example, in a US asset than somewhere else. But we're not going to spend more capital because of the depreciation change. It's going to change the economics of some of the capital we spend. But it will all be based on solid strong returns and a demand signal that says, our customers need better products or more products. And on the internal side, we've got lots of opportunity across the entirety of International Paper to get better on the cost and productivity side.
Mark Wilde: I guess, kind of following on that, Mark, then. In your biggest business, in the Industrial Packaging business, the box volumes have picked up pretty markedly over the last 18 months from what we had seen over the last several years. Is that a change in the demand signal in your view? Or is that just a cyclical element?
Mark Sutton: I think it's a change in the demand signal, if you look at the absolute growth of the box market. But you have to remember, converting capacity is very flexible. So with the system, the size, and the geographic scope of IP, we have had the capacity to address that in our box-making operations. Where you've seen us add some capacity starting with way back with the valiant restart is adding containerboard capacity to match more of the box demand we're seeing through all three of our channels. Most importantly, our own box channel, where most of our containerboard goes. So that is true demand. And our box plants in certain regions are a lot busier. We've hired people. We've added shifts. We're creating jobs in areas where we have entire shifts of business that we didn't have before. So again, matching what our customers want with our core capabilities and doing it all in a profitable way is what drives all of these investment decisions.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then, lastly, just on - one of the capital elements is this Selma conversion, which I think you've talked about is $300 million. But according to some stuff in the trade press, you've talked about a $500 million investment in some local meetings down in Alabama. And I just wondered whether that's like money that you're spending in kind of preparation for the second machine conversion down there, or the trade press just has it wrong?
Glenn Landau: Ultimately, Mark, you just need to focus on the $300 million. That's what's associated with this project.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah, I think, Mark - this is Tim. The other is normal maintenance and regulatory spending, which will be done in - over a long period of time. So we're going to try $300 million in specific for the project.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fair enough. I'll turn it over. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel: Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions for you. And, I guess, to kind of come back to the cash tax component. I appreciate you're not necessarily given that guidance that way. But we're trying to, I guess, get a sense of the differential. So when we think of the $1.5 billion you're spending this year in '18 - and I think it's going to be a pretty chunky number next year - what portion would be US-based that we'd be able to accelerate the depreciation on? Or how would we think about that?
Glenn Landau: It's going to be the lion's share. You could count on $1.2 billion of the $1.5 billion on a run rate basis.
Chris Manuel: Okay. So in short, then we would expect, at least for the next year or two, that the cash tax rate probably is a little below book then? Would that make sense?
Glenn Landau: We're not going to forecast that. But the $1.2 billion will be the write-off on that capital.
Chris Manuel: Okay. Thank you. And then, my second question was, when we look at box - to Mark's question earlier - box has picked up a bit the last few years. But when we look at, particularly just even this last quarter, I think your volumes were modestly higher or still continuing to lag a bit. I get that at times, things happen to flow. But how would you have us think about on a go-forward basis that - I think most of us are kind of looking for box shipments with the economy getting better and with eCommerce and different components being 2% to 4%. How would we think about IP participating in that? Should be anticipate that you'll kind of be at industry rate? Should we anticipate maybe there's some leakage there? Or how would you have us think about it?
Timothy Nicholls: So, over - hi, this is Tim. Over time, we expect to be at market rate. And they do have been slow. And I think you saw in the second half of the year, we started picking up just through normal churn of business and customer wins. But we saw really strong demand right through the end of the year. And it's continuing in January.
Chris Manuel: Okay. And just a sense of what January is out for you?
Glenn Landau: Right - through January and their preliminary numbers, but we were up a little bit over 4% in January.
Chris Manuel: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Yes, good morning. Just a couple questions. First, you mentioned that the fluff business or cellulose business would get a bigger part of the corporate allocation. Can you let me know how much per quarter roughly that will be in 2018 versus 2017?
Mark Sutton: Okay. Yeah, think about 30 million of new allocated for the full year.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then on the pension. Just to be clear, you show that you got the ratio down to 3.3. Is it really a little below the 3 times around there, because I believe you didn't get the proceeds from the consumer sale till after the first of this year. So if you adjust for that, it's even lower or was it already adjusted?
Glenn Landau: it's already adjusted.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Got you. And then last thing Glenn, you mentioned that the unlimited tax payments that you have to make would total about $200 million over the next 8 years net of credits. Now, I guess it's fair to say you probably could use those credits at some other point and if that's true, sort of, what was the gross amount, was it closer to say $300 million or $400 million?
Glenn Landau: We haven't disclosed that - it's a meaningful number. But this is the net.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then I guess the last thing is on the - in the fluff business, I think you - if you could just repeat what you said would be some of the changes going from the 4th to the first. I know was the inventory write-up, could you explain how that works. Is that a function of what pricing was doing. And is that something that could repeat in future years.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Repeat the question.
Chip Dillon: You remember the fluff you had inventory benefit in cellulose, I should say a $15 million from an inventory. I guess a positive or credit. And could you just let us know how that worked and if that would likely repeat?
Mark Sutton: Sure. Chip. Certainly that's something we measure over time and it's somewhat hard to forecast, but that's a one-time that's LIFO. It's a one-time event true up we do on annual basis in the 4th quarter.
Chip Dillon: Okay Got you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, and good morning. Thanks for all the details. And congratulations on the progress in '17. I wanted to come back to the question on box volume. And I know you've made progress in this regard. But the 0.3% volume growth really is more, when we think about it, emblematic of the growth rates we were seeing prior to eCommerce hitting stride, whatever would have been, at least gaining critical mass, a year and a half ago. So is there something underlying in the business, Tim, that's caused the greater growth to be flatter, perhaps, than we would have expected, considering especially your strong weighting with some of the larger etailers that are out there? Or was it very much as you had expected? And if it was as expected - part two of this question - IP, given its scale, given its size, given its position as number one, we probably would expect not initially lead the market every quarter. But it has generally trailed most of the publicly reported companies in terms of box growth over a number of periods. So when should we expect - should we expect that gap to ever close? Thanks. I had a couple of follow-ons.
Timothy Nicholls: Sure. Hey, George. Yeah. I mean, we did trail in '17. We performed in line '16. We had some customer turnover. We made some choices, started picking up business in the second half of the year. So it was in line with our expectation in what we thought we would do with our customer base. And I think it will continue ramping as we go through the first part of '18.
George Staphos: Okay. Fair enough. And you expect to be able to maintain more of an industry growth rate, recognizing - there are no guarantees in life. You need to monitor month-by-month and quarter-by-quarter. But from what you'd see right now, there is no reason why you shouldn't be at least trending with the industry over 2017. Would that be a fair assessment?
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah, I would put it this way. Our expectation is we will do it over time. I mean, we'll pick our spots in terms of how we look at margin. And we will make choices from time-to-time where we think we are making the right decision for maximizing sustainable margins.
George Staphos: Okay. That's fair. Thank you for going through that. I don't know if you can comment to this. But nonetheless, there's been some discussion in the trade press about International Paper being out with a containerboard price hike to customers. Can you comment as to whether you've been notifying customers in that regard, or where you stand in terms of any pricing action in containerboard in North America?
Timothy Nicholls: No, I really can't, George. We can't for our customers.
George Staphos: Okay. Fair enough. And, I guess, the last question I had to start - I mean, the bigger picture. Actually, two questions and then we'll turn it over. First, you mentioned - again I think within the box business that you've been pleased with your commercial performance over time. How do you measure your commercial performance? Is it just the timing of what you get the containerboard price into the market? Is it margin in boxes? I know you can't discuss too much live, Mike. But how do you evaluate your commercial performance and which is suggesting your view that you've been doing well in that regard? And the bigger picture question is, going back a number of years ago, there was a much larger EBITDA target that the Company had been hoping for. And obviously, the markets and the Company's portfolio have changed such that maybe that's not we should ever be thinking about anyway. But what other things can IP do that would step-change directionally the EBITDA closer to that 5 number than where it's currently been and, obviously, been making progress? What would you have us think about? Is there an Analyst Day, perhaps, coming up where you might be able to talk to that? Thank you, guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. There was a lot wrapped up there. And let me try to go back to the first part and unbundle some of it. I think, at a macro level, we look at margins. We look at - not just on box, but how we think about all the channels that we operate in. And growth is a piece of that margin. Price is a piece of that margin structure, cost is also. On a more granular level, it comes down to customer-by-customer and understanding our customers' needs, understanding where we can deliver value propositions that are meaningful to them. And we do that across our portfolio of customers. So we do it high level. And we do it right down to how do we execute with any specific customer.
Timothy Nicholls: George, I'll take the second part on the $5 billion that we shared back in 2012. You're right. The Company is a significantly different company than we were back then. And I think the way we get the EBITDA grow and it's put together years like we had in 2017 with double-digit EBITDA growth. And we think we'll do that again in '18. And positioning the Company to have high returns. So our returns today, return on invested capital, for every bit where we said they would be at the $5 billion. What we haven't done is delivered. That's not the number to think about. The number to think about is growing International Paper from where we are and maintaining a solid spread in actual returns above our cost of capital and that's, we think, the best way to create long-term value. So we position the Company to have our strongest business, get the most resources. And we position the company to have a growth profile. It's not a high-growth profile, but a growth profile with packaging and a growth profile with cellulose fibers. And I think if we put that together, we'll have more opportunity to create more value than even the Company that we just described in 2012.
George Staphos: Thanks for all the thoughts, guys. '
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with DA Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thank you. Good morning.
Glenn Landau: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Chercover: First of all, freight is becoming a hot topic again. And a few years ago when it was tight, the industry raised their inventories. And I'm just wondering if you could - and I'm not sure that you can - would you do so again?
Timothy Nicholls: Hey, David, it's Tim. Let me just speak to Industrial Packaging. What we're trying to do is make sure that we have the capability to service our customers when they need to be serviced. So fourth quarter was a lot of commotion - rail lines not running as effectively as we would have liked them to, knock-on effect between rail lines, knock-on effect to trucking, complications from structural issues in trucking itself. But we did, given our capability, service all of our customers. And so, we were able to sort through that. But for me, thinking about - it's not a level of inventory, it's the capability. And we produce thousands of SKUs for 15,000 to 20,000 customers. And making sure we have the right thing in the right place at the right time is how we go about managing our system.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think, Steve, I'll add on to Tim and speak for the rest of the Company beyond Industry Packaging. When we think about inventories, it's one of the choices we had in our value chain. And so, when everything is working great in transportation area, the velocity of the inventory is moving, the levels tends to be lower. If there are bottlenecks somewhere in the value chain, then that's a use of cash to have more inventory and spend less on emergency transportation. The whole goal is to serve the customers' needs. And so, absolute inventory numbers are not certainly designed to velocity that inventory through the system and meeting customer expectations at profitable levels as what we designed to. And we have the supply chain systems in place, people. So we were organized what we've centralized, what we haven't, and the IT systems to underpin and to be able to do that.
Steve Chercover: Yeah. I appreciate that. Because it seems to me that people look at inventories in isolation, and it's just one factor to service customers and maximize profits. Thanks. So then, one other question on - especially on cellulose. Pulp prices continue to go up. And the discount between list and mill net is starting to narrow. And was that part of the synergy capture that you mentioned?
Jean-Michel Ribieras: Hi, it's Jean-Michel speaking. We are maximizing our customer. It's exactly like in packaging. We're going to the best segments where our customers look at the long term, where they value the products we do, especially the big portfolio of products we do. We don't have one fluff specialty. We have niche products of fluff. So this is even more important actually than the 1%, 2% discount change or whatever. We have a lot of customers. Now, we actually sell net prices, don't have discounts anymore. So the optimization is much more a capacity to answer our customer needs, both in terms of products and innovation. And when you look at our growth in sales - and let's thank our customer - because we have had record fourth quarter. We've had a very nice year in terms of growth. The market is continuing to have a very strong demand. And we are winning in this market. So I think this is clearly the main point. And just to be clear, in the synergy, you don't have pricing. Pricing is not in the synergy. So what you do have is mix improvement, for example. Let me give you an example. [indiscernible] got no more capacity at warehouses. We had Riegelwood 18. Between the knowledge of our innovation center and the knowledge of International Paper, we're able to qualify Riegelwood much faster than we ever thought about it. And Riegelwood 18 is a very big success in the market. And today, the machine is producing about 10% more than the initial investment. And the machine is fully qualified. And for this year, it's sold out. This is well ahead of what we had planned. And that's one of the synergy we've had of getting together. But not pricing. There is no pricing in synergy.
Steve Chercover: That's terrific. Okay. merci, Jean-Michel. And thank you, everyone.
Jean-Michel Ribieras: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Mark, just - first one question was, how are you, treating the Consumer Packaging and Graphic when you're giving off the EBITDA guidance of 10% plus 2018 versus 2017?
Glenn Landau: Basically, it's excluding Consumer. Consumer is a discontinued operation. And our 10% plus is from the new base.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So if I understood you correctly, you said that the - that EBITDA guidance included nothing for the containerboard anchor depreciate or pulp price initiatives that you also have underway. But that was just your exit. And so if I take 10% of your $3.7 billion, that's $370 million. And so, you just do the math of what that would be, and that's like $0.70 per share of accretion, all else equal. And then, additionally, we have that lower tax rate, which adds $0.25 from last year as well. And then, I guess, we'll have to factor in what we think will happen with Ilim and then whether Graphic/Consumer does better or not. Is that an appropriate framework to think about how you see 2018 playing out using the exit from 2017?
Glenn Landau: Yeah. I think, in general, that's directionally correct. Certainly, any initiatives that have happened subsequent to the end of the year and not in the run rate are what we call the plus piece of that 10%.
Mark Sutton: I think, Mark, the other thing to think about is, you get all top line changes that are all positive. The way it will work out, we just don't know exactly how. If all of that happens that you just described, that probably means a really strong economic environment when that happens. Lots of things are unpredicted like where inputs go, transportation we talked about earlier. So there is sometimes a margin squeeze on that strong economic background, comes with activity as it is value chain. So that's why -
Glenn Landau: There's puts and takes.
Mark Weintraub: Yeah. No, I appreciate that. It's a very fair point. And, I guess, just the one thing that is - I don't want to say different than. But on the 1Q guidance, you're giving - you're certainly calling for a lower profitability than - at least where expectations, I believe, by my quick math on it - than where people might've been expecting. But again, your full year doesn't seem to be doing that at all. Maybe talk a little bit about - and it does certainly seem like you have a lot of maintenance in the first quarter. That certainly could be a part of this.
Glenn Landau: That's exactly it. I think we framed it as seasonally slow, heavy maintenance. And there are some non-repeats. The main message here is the full year that Mark underlined. And a new rate of 10% plus in this first quarter, as we've seen in the past, is timing. We feel good about the fundamentals in the first quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. And then, very quickly, lastly. So the box shipment data came out this morning. And that showed average week up 0.4%, which - I was just curious what you had seen in December. It just seemed a little bit surprising, given there had been talk about how strong December in particular was, albeit against a relatively difficult comp. And - but for the full quarter, if you looked at the industry data, it wasn't actually that much ahead of yours. It's just like 1% on an average day basis. But again, a little bit antithetical to the notion that business is really good, which is what I'm hearing from everybody.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Mark, it's Tim. Yeah, our fourth quarter felt very strong. We see the box market is strong in the fourth quarter. We see it continuing in the first. And you mentioned that it was a tough comp. And if memory serves, I think it was the toughest comp of any month in the year. I believe December of '16 was close to 6% daily. And so, it was a beat on that comp in December. So I see it as a very strong market.
Mark Weintraub: And can you share with us what your December - or your December specifically, what your comparison was?
Glenn Landau: I don't have it on top of my head. You saw the quarterly number. But December was strong for us, led by eCommerce again, which was over 20% for us. So, yeah, we had a very strong December.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. I've just got a couple of follow-up questions on cost. I think in the past you've talked about an manual labor inflation hurdle of $120 million to $230 million. Is that still a decent target for 2018? Or could you see something above that, given the tighter labor market in US? And then, on the 1Q outlook, you quantified the impact from energy, wood, and transportation. Is it possible to carve out how much of that was transportation or basically freight?
Glenn Landau: Okay. Two questions. First one relative to inflation. I still think that's a good point that you mentioned relative to year-over-year inflation. We have contracts with employees. That's not going to change a lot in the near-term. The variability that we would see in other inflation would be more along the PPV lines. Relative to the guidance of $35 million of input headwinds, that's certainly wood, energy. But transportation is meaningful. It's certainly kicked in as the businesses have spoken to it, about constrained availability in the fourth quarter. We think that will continue in the first quarter and throughout the year. So I won't give you a percentage, just meaningful.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. And then, just switching to the 2018 outlook. One of the catalysts you identified was the Madrid startup. Can you remind us the timeline there? And then, more broadly, European Industrial Packaging, I think profit was negative in 4Q. As you look to 2018, what's kind of the timeline there for margin recovery and profitability in Europe?
Glenn Landau: Well, that's a good question, Anthony. And clearly, as we have laid out, the Madrid mill is a big piece of that margin recovery. That gives us the vertical integration we were looking for in the recycled segment. It's going be a low-cost first quartile mill. Candidly, as we have laid out the time-frame here, it has been delayed somewhat, mostly just due to engineering scoping. But we feel good about the ultimate outcome. And we should see those benefits in the second half of the year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi. Just two quick ones for me. I just wanted to confirm on the annual purchase for key inputs slide that the delta between last quarter and this quarter is primarily due to removal of the Consumer business. Just some of the numbers seemed like a pretty big shift like caustic, for example. And then, is this something that we would use then for assumptions for 2018, just give us a 2017 on it?
Glenn Landau: So on the input slide in the appendix you're talking about, yes, those have all been adjusted for the removal of our discontinued operation of Consumer. And they would be good estimates for you.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thank you. And then, just - if you can just give us your updated comments on OCC. I didn't quite catch what rate you're assuming for your Q1 guidance. And just what you're seeing in the market right now in terms of what China is doing?
Timothy Nicholls: Hey, Debbie, it's Tim. Permits have been granted. It feels like it will be somewhat flattish in the early part of the quarter. And then the best view we have from on the ground in China is that things would start accelerating again after Chinese New Year. I think you also have to consider this is one of the lowest generation times of the year. So it's what China is doing, it's what's happening with generation. And then, transportation going to have an impact as well, just trying to move fiber from one place to another.
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: I'll now turn the conference back to Guillermo for closing remarks.
Guillermo Gutierrez: Thanks, everyone, for taking time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call. Our numbers are on slide 24 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co. Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co. Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co. W. Michael Amick Jr. - International Paper Co.
Analysts: George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 International Paper Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will open the call for your questions. It is now my pleasure to handover program over to Guillermo Gutierrez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Kristen. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Landau, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2017 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Guillermo, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. I'm going to begin today's presentation on slide 5. International Paper delivered strong results in the third quarter, with earnings growth across all of our business segments. These results were driven by continued solid business fundamentals and price realization, particularly within our North American Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses. Our Global Cellulose Fibers business also generated $52 million in synergies, which contributed to solid margins for the business in the quarter. Our Papers business delivered solid results as well, underscoring the resiliency of our overall portfolio. Unfortunately, our operations were impacted by two hurricanes during the quarter. And even as our teams managed the recovery extremely well and safely, often through very challenging personal circumstances, it was nevertheless a significant headwind in the quarter. We also faced record high OCC prices in the third quarter, with average prices $14 per ton higher than in the second quarter. Our Ilim JV delivered solid operational results, driven by strong underlying demand and price realization. And yesterday, we announced a strategic decision to transfer our North American Consumer Packaging business to Graphic Packaging. I'd like to take a few minutes to share some thoughts regarding this announcement. So turning to slide 6, I'd like just to start by revisiting how we think about strategy and value creation and how that framework shaped our decision to transfer our business, our North American Consumer Packaging business and to essentially invest in a stronger Graphic Packaging. Quite simply, our strategy is to create value in fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper by establishing what we call advantaged positions and serving attractive markets. What this means is that, when we choose the right products and the right markets and the right customers in those markets and importantly when we execute successfully, we create the most value for our shareholders. So turning to slide 7, when you look at our North America Consumer Packaging business, we have a talented team of people, very good assets and really great customers. However, we also realized that our business does lack the overall scale and broad portfolio offerings and the integration levels between board and converting required to grow value in this segment today. At the same time, we recognize the strong potential of the consumer packaging space overall, and wanted to find the best way to participate and create the most value for our shareholders. And so after evaluating a range of strategic options, we concluded that putting the business together with Graphic Packaging could unlock the full potential of our business today. And at a high-level, we're transferring the business and establishing an ownership interest in Graphic Packaging through a very tax-efficient structure that captures the greatest value for our shareholders. IP is investing in a strong consumer packaging platform, that is well-positioned for long-term value creation. We are creating option value in the consumer packaging space, while we remain focused on growing and improving our core businesses. And with that, I'll turn it over to Glenn, who will walk you through the details of the transaction and the rest of our third quarter performance discussion. So, Glenn?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'm speaking now to slide 8 in the presentation, which outlines the key points of this transaction that combines our North American Consumer Packaging business with Graphic Packaging. First and foremost, we consider the $1.8 billion consideration for our existing Consumer Packaging business to be an excellent value for International Paper shareholders, given the implied multiple of 8.6 times our adjusted 2017 estimated EBITDA for the business. We believe strongly the transaction captures the underlying value of North America Consumer Packaging, our business today while also allowing International Paper to participate in the value-creating potential of the combined entity going forward. Regarding the specifics, IP is contributing our North American Consumer Packaging business into a subsidiary of Graphic Packaging that will hold the assets of the combined businesses for $1.8 billion. In the form of an ownership position in new entity of 20.5%, which was valued at approximately $1.14 billion at the time of the agreement and has appreciated by approximately $70 million by the close of trading yesterday. We will also receive $660 million in cash proceeds from a new loan that will be assumed by Graphic Packaging. The agreement incorporates a two-year lock-up whereby IP cannot sell its ownership interest in the partnership and a five-year standstill whereby IP cannot increase its ownership interests. From a financial pro forma standpoint, we expect this transaction to be earnings neutral to slightly accretive for IP in 2018 and it's also important to note that no current cash taxes are due at the time of the transaction given the efficient tax structure we've put together. Further, we intend to use the $660 million cash proceeds to pay down existing debt, ultimately keeping the transaction leverage neutral. Going forward, we expect to receive dividends of approximately $25 million per year beginning in 2018 based on Graphic Packaging's current dividend policy. So let me sum up this discussion by saying that we feel very good about this agreement, which should close in early 2018 pending customary regulatory approvals and conditions. And International Paper is investing in a new stronger and premier consumer packaging platform that's well positioned for shareholder value creation, while further enabling our company to be focused on growing meaningful value in our core businesses of Industrial Packaging and Cellulose Fibers. So now back to the quarter. Turning to page 9 to review our third quarter financial results, the company delivered solid margin expansion and free cash flow during the quarter driven by healthy demand across our businesses, price realization and lower seasonal maintenance outages. In terms of the quarter-over-quarter bridge depicted on slide 10, we saw a significant price lift in the quarter, mainly driven by our North American Industrial Packaging business as well as continued pricing momentum in Global Cellulose Fibers. Volume was down sequentially with one less shipping day in our North American box business and seasonally slower demand in Europe. Our North American mill operations were impacted by the two hurricanes, resulting in the $30 million higher costs in the quarter, which we do not expect any insurance recovery on. Maintenance outage expenses were lower and input costs were sequentially higher, driven mostly by record high OCC prices, which peaked in the quarter. Corporate and interest expenses were also higher and the effective tax rate was more favorable, due – mainly due to investment tax credits on energy projects. And lastly, earnings from our Ilim JV were strong on improved pricing and favorable FX. Now turning to the businesses, beginning on slide 11, earnings in Industrial Packaging improved sequentially on continued price realization and lower maintenance outages. Pricing in our North American box business flowed through as expected and the 2017 spring increase is effectively complete. We also continue to benefit from higher pricing and flow through in export containerboard markets. Volume, again, was lower given one less shipping day in North America Packaging versus the second quarter as well as seasonally softer volume conditions in our EMEA Packaging business. As we said, our operations were impacted by two hurricanes with a net impact just to Industrial Packaging of $20 million during the quarter. Beyond the hurricanes, our mills were also affected by certain isolated reliability issues, which combined, put additional cost pressure on a system which continues to run full to meet our strong demand. Input costs in the third quarter were also higher driven by record high OCC prices and marginally higher wood, chemical and distribution costs associated with the impact of the hurricanes. And lastly, the business received $5 million in insurance proceeds related to Pensacola during the third quarter. On slide 12, we've outlined some of the details of our recent announcement to convert our number 15 paper machine at the Riverdale Mill from uncoated freesheet to high quality virgin whitetop containerboard. This again is an excellent example of our strategy that Mark outlined: to establish and leverage advantaged positions in attractive markets and to grow value by investing in high-return projects that support growth in our strategic segments. Further given our refocusing of resources to our core businesses, this project will be funded within our existing annual capital investment allocation run rate. We are aiming for a mid 2019 startup, which is timed well given our outlook on incremental demand. Now on slide 13, our Global Cellulose Fibers business delivered very solid results as well in the third quarter. Earnings improved $45 million, driven by better pricing, lower maintenance outage spending and strong synergy realization, despite having overcome a $5 million headwind from Hurricane Irma. All-in, we're very pleased with the progress in Global Cellulose Fibers, which improved to a 19% average EBITDA margin in the quarter, again exemplifying our commitment to allocate our resources to growing profitable businesses. Project to date, Global Cellulose Fibers is performing well ahead of our initial acquisition financial model expectations. Turning to slide 14, as you can see, our Global Cellulose Fibers business delivered very strong synergy realization performance in the third quarter, capturing $52 million across the enterprise, including approximately $17 million of one-time benefits for tax credits related to the energy projects I spoke of earlier. All-in, we have high confidence in our ability to continue to deliver synergies at a faster rate than originally outlined. And we also want to take this opportunity to reaffirm our new synergy target of $200 million, which we view as an essential pillar to the sustained earnings potential of the business. Moving to Printing Papers, results came in better than expected, driven by improved price and mix, particularly in our Brazil business, as well as continued price realization in European Papers. Maintenance outage expenses were significantly lower in the third quarter as expected, while input costs were impacted by higher fiber and energy. On slide 16, as you can see, our Consumer Packaging business results improved sequentially across all components of the financial bridge. Commercially, pricing continued to improve on realization of the April 2017 price increase and planned mix upside was delivered. Lastly, maintenance outage expenses were significantly lower in the quarter again as expected. Moving to Ilim, the JV again delivered solid results, driven by higher pricing, which was partially offset by lower volume related to the Bratsk maintenance outage. And equity earnings also benefited from a non-cash FX gain on the JV's U.S. denominated debt. So, let me now turn to page 18. This is our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect to see flow through benefits from the spring 2017 North American containerboard and box price increase as well as further price realization in export markets, which in the fourth quarter alone should amount to an incremental $20 million. In Global Cellulose Fibers, we anticipate additional price realization and mix benefits of $15 million on continued strong global demand, particularly in China. We also want to note that Brazil Papers – in Brazil Papers, we expect an additional $10 million in earnings on better seasonal mix. On volume, our North American box business will be unfavorably impacted by one less shipping day, even as we expect demand to remain very strong. Across our other businesses, we anticipate stable volumes with some modest seasonal improvement as noted in the heat map for a total benefit of about $15 million. In operations, our North America Industrial Packaging business will improve by $35 million as we put the hurricanes and other operational issues we discussed earlier behind us. Within our Global Cellulose Fibers business, operating costs will be modestly higher and planned maintenance outage expenses across the entire enterprise are expected to increase by $11 million in the fourth quarter. Input costs, again, in North America Industrial Packaging, are expected to improve by $35 million quarter-over-quarter. This is driven by lower OCC costs, but partially offset by higher wood and chemical costs. Across our other businesses, we anticipate $15 million in higher input costs, partly driven by the lingering effects of the hurricanes primarily in wood and chemicals. Lastly, in the other items category, we included our refined outlook for corporate expenses, interest expenses, tax rates and equity earnings from our Ilim JV. So to close, on page 19 for me and before I hand the call back over to Mark, we wanted to address our capital allocation priorities. While we speak often about our balanced use of cash approach, it all starts with strong cash from operations. And we remain confident in our ability to continue to grow our cash generation. With that said, in the near-term, we are clearly in a de-leveraging mode following our pulp acquisition last year as we aim to bring our leverage back to less than 3 times debt-to-EBITDA on a Moody's adjusted basis by the end of next year. And as noted earlier, the cash contribution of the Graphic Packaging transaction was structured to ensure we have no obstacles and a clear path toward meeting our balance sheet commitments. At the same time, within the quarter, we also took material risk off the table with targeted moves inside our pension plan, including the recently announced annuity purchase that essentially transferred $1.3 billion in pension benefit obligations to a highly rated retirements benefits provider. All this enabled us to continue to increase our dividend. Earlier this month, we announced our sixth consecutive annual dividend increase since restoring it to pre-recession levels in 2011, keeping with our commitment to a competitive and sustainable dividend as earnings and cash flow expand. And lastly, we will continue to reinvest in value-creating projects, and with a healthy spread above the cost of capital, such as the Madrid and Riverdale conversions we have discussed in detail. So in summary, the takeaway here is that we are confident in our cash generation and reinforce our commitment to a balanced use of cash as we enter 2018. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Glenn. International Paper is well-positioned for a strong fourth quarter, and with solid results across the board and solid cash generation. We continue to see healthy global demand across our key businesses. And we expect additional margin expansion from our first half pricing initiatives. On input costs, we expect some relief from record high OCC prices in the third quarter with some offsets on seasonally higher wood as well as higher chemicals and energy. We also anticipate another quarter of strong synergy generation in our Global Cellulose Fibers business and a seasonally light maintenance schedule across our mill system. Net-net, we are optimistic for a solid performance in the fourth quarter with excellent cash generation and a very strong year for International Paper. With that, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thanks for the details. And congratulations on the transaction announcement and the progress throughout the year. Just housekeeping, folks, I just want to double check. On the bridge sequentially that you provided, unless I'm double counting something, I kind of came up with something between $0.15 and $0.20 sequential pick up in earnings fourth quarter versus third quarter. Is that in the ballpark? Or did we miscalculate something?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: I think that's roughly in the ballpark, there is certainly a sequential uplift, George, quarter-over-quarter.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that, Glenn. Second question I had regarding Consumer. Obviously you're putting the North American Consumer business into the venture with Graphic Packaging. When we think about Kwidzyn, obviously that was part of Consumer, it produces a lot of different grades, but one of them was coated board. What's the role of Kwidzyn in the strategy for International Paper on a going-forward basis?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: George, it's a great question. We do have a board machine at Kwidzyn, and we also have one at our Svetogorsk mill in Russia. They serve targeted segments that are generally in the Consumer Packaging. That's not part of this transfer into Graphic Packaging. And when we think about what we do in Europe, we have – we serve a number of markets, packaging, industrial and consumer, uncoated freesheet, we make boxes. We don't do any consumer packaging converting. And really when you look at mills in countries like Poland and Russia, you tend to have the model where you use the wood advantage and you make some of the products that the market needs locally in all kind of segments. So, that's still an important part of our EMEA Paper and Packaging portfolio.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Mark, thanks for that. My last two and I will turn it over. One of the things that we were picking up at recent industry conferences and we're seeing a little bit in your results here as well, some building impact from inflation throughout the supply chain, everything from input cost to labor. Can you comment on that and to the degree to which your customers are beginning ask you, maybe mostly in the box and containerboard business how you might be able to help them either with the systems or machinery approach or some other approach that help them take cost out of the supply chain, and how are you dealing with inflation as well on your business? And then Riverdale, a little bit more costly conversion than what we've seen in the most recent round of conversion, I know whitetop's a consideration there. Is there anything else that we should consider in terms of the capital cost per ton on that conversion? Thank you.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hey, George, it's Tim.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, Tim.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: On Riverdale, I'll start with that – hey. Start with Riverdale and then I'll go back to your previous question and Glenn may have something he wants to add. But on Riverdale, we know this internally, a machine is not a machine, a mill is not a mill, and so, it depends on what you're trying to do. This is going to be a two-ply sheet. It's a bit more of a sophisticated – I mean, we understand that we've done it before, but sophisticated investment. And when you look at it on an annual ton basis, we still think it's very attractive with very attractive return. So, we're going to be making a whitetop liner, not a brown product as the lead product on the machine. So, I think it's understandable on that basis. Your inflation question, I mean just from a box standpoint and Industrial Packaging standpoint, we work with our customers all the time on trying to help them take cost out of their system. And we do it through a number of means. We have technical experts inside. We're either looking at case erecting equipment or we're looking at process flow. So it's pretty much ongoing. And we don't often talk about it, but just in general inflation internally to the business, we have a significant lift every year that we have to try to cover and then have initiatives that create value on top of that. So I'm not familiar with the conference you're referencing or the comments, but that's just a little color on what we do.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Tim, the internal inflation, I'll let you go here, what is that roughly, can you remind us?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: It varies from year-to-year, but it's significant. I mean, it's over $100 million. So – and then in recent years, medical cost have jumped up a little bit, so it's not uncommon for us to have $120 million to $130 million of just general inflation built into the business that we have to cover.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, sir.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: George, this is Mark. Just a final comment on inflation. One of the things we target in our internal improvement, something we call non-price initiatives, so reliability improvements in our manufacturing operations and cost improvements in all our business processes, we target to overcome that internal inflation at a minimum and maybe in some cases do better than the internal inflation. And then we work on input cost and all of that with our commercial terms. So it's part of our philosophy of how we need to operate every year. One last comment on Riverdale, capital costs are also relative to what system you're investing it in. And the way we look at this is, this will be the 17th containerboard mill in our world class systems. So the investment in Riverdale also enables savings in other parts of the system that don't show up in just a capital cost per annual ton. We are currently buying bleached fiber to make whitetop in a mill that was designed to make brown linerboard, that mill will now be free to make brown linerboard. So there's system effects, when you have a system our size, that the capital cost per ton can be a little deceiving.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Mark, thanks for that. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: First of all – good morning. I had a question on pulp actually. It looks like the pulp price realizations were up $33 a ton year-over-year, with presumably a richer mix, but list prices were up easily $100. So, evidently the discounts are growing. And I guess, question one is, is there a pent-up pricing that we're going to see in the future that we're going to start to catch up with realizations?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Hi, Steve. Jean-Michel speaking. Good morning. I think there is a couple of things to look at. First of all, there's a big mix effect, too, in the price of pulp because you get a price, which includes fluff, which includes softwood in general, so sometimes it doesn't appear really like it is, because if you just take fluff, our realization is more like $65. So, it's kind of high of what you have here. The other thing is, we have – when we take what happen usually in the market, but then what happened this year is after the contract negotiation in 2016 and that's a (24:48) question of rebate or whatever, in general, the prices went down in Q1. So, when we compare to last year, you have to be careful because you have the drop of $20 in Q1 that we have tendency to forget. So, if you take December to today or quarter-to-quarter, you have the increase was down, plus the drop, which will make up for. So, the actual price increase realization is more around $65.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So, thanks, Jean-Michel. Does it make sense to reduce the discounts, so that the realizations are closer to what the lists are?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: So, to be honest with you, this is a – it's a complicated and complex question. Some customers wants to work with an index. And the reason is relatively logical, which is because we do multi-year contracts. And they feel that it's better with an index. But I'm not always sure that an index and a discount is the right way to make price. Even if when you look at the long-term, ultimately it comes to the same number. But we don't sell on the index. Let's not forget that we have a lot of customers, which are list price quarter-to-quarter or monthly price, so the mix of contracts, list price, is always another difficulty to do, but I understand your point. This being said, as of today, we haven't found a better way to look on very long-term contract pricing, that doesn't mean we're not trying to find one.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then just a quick one on the Graphic Packaging deal, so I guess we're going to create a second equity earnings line similar to Ilim and you'll get a $25 million annual dividend, is that the way to model it?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: There'll be an equity earnings line and we will also get, from a cash basis, a $25 million dividend.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. And if you were to monetize it and I – looks like a great investment, in the couple of years, would you get 64 million shares in GPK plus the 4% cash component?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: So, essentially it would be broken down, so 19% of that would be in shares and the remaining would be in cash.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Oh I was thinking it was 16% or 17% (27:14). Okay. Thanks, Glenn.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with The Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. One, obviously waste paper OCC's been very, very volatile, wanted to get your take as to what you're seeing currently and what would you expect to happen in the months ahead?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I'm sorry, Mark, that was for OCC?
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Mark, Tim. I don't know that my crystal ball or our crystal ball is any better than anyone else's. I think that we believe that there may be some elements in the China market that are starting to buy again. I think there was a period of review given permit levels and making sure that no one exceeded a permit level in China for this year, caused a bit of review and maybe a cessation of some part of purchases. And now, it may be that some of that is starting to come back as we approach the end of the year. But I think the full effect of what's happened in China is still rippling through the North American market. So, in big picture terms, I think OCC goes higher, it's hard to put an exact time on it until we see exactly what China does around not only re-issuing permits, but at what levels.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And do you have any intelligence on where that dialog on contamination levels in particular might be? And if, in fact, that were to be at the 0.3%, what type of capability do you have in your system to, for instance, bring OCC to meet those levels? And how might the market play out if, in fact, these very aggressive limits on contamination levels were to be put in place?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: That's a great question. I think it's a bit of wait and see. I don't know that we would say we have any differential capability that anyone else does not have, it's a challenge, it's at very low level. I think it's going to impact some grades of waste fiber more than others obviously. But yeah, it's very low and I don't know how that ultimately gets worked out.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So Mark, let me add just a little bit. This will settle out given the importance of this input material for the Global Packaging business. So for example, if capital is needed to better screen OCC at different quality levels and the economics are there because by not doing it you've eliminated part of the supply, the capital will be spent. There are other ways to manage fiber quality, the fiber quality gradient by treatments on recycled paper machine. So my view is, this is a really important long-term input material for the Global Packaging business. And as the market grows, the fiber quality will be stretched. And over time, you will find capital solutions or other types of workarounds to manage a different quality of fiber, just like you manage in some cases different qualities of virgin wood fiber. And so, there is an engineering solution to most of this that the economics will drive.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Makes sense. And two real quick ones. Can you tell us where your box prices were exiting the quarter versus where they were on average versus the quarter? And then maybe just what current demand trends through the first two weeks of October in containerboard and corrugated were?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Demand has been good. We're having a very solid October so far. And you know it's a tough comp given what happened seasonally last year. Yeah, we exited the quarter higher on pricing. We were probably $8 to $10 above what the average there is in the appendix. And we think we're getting full realization on both of the – both the $40 from last fall and the $50 from the spring. If you recall, there's a little bit of – it's customer-by-customer, but some customers were not impacted by the published down early last year. And so, instead of getting a $40 or $50 they got, you know, $25 to $35 depending on the movement. The other thing is, it did not apply to all tons. If you're looking at the number and thinking that it's below the $90, there's still a little bit more realization to go and some of the segments like agriculture, pricing was already set as price increase announcements came through and so that will catch up over time.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Brian.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Last month, obviously, some of your competitors floated a price increase in containerboard. And I know you guys make your own determinations on price, obviously you chose not to participate in that, but just wondered, if you could comment on what the decision making process was like there? And your thoughts on the ability to pass through some of the inflation that you're seeing in some parts of the business now?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, we don't talk about forecasting price going forward. I can share a little bit about the type of internal dynamics in general that we look at when we consider pricing. There's a number of macro factors that go into that consideration, but it's not just a numbers exercise. So we try to think both tactically and strategically about pricing and how we want to manage through cycles. So we were looking at a number of factors, OCC cost being one of them, and trying to take into account – at the end of the day what we're trying to do is we're trying to grow margins sustainably. And so all of the decisions that we take, whether it's commercially or operationally is about creating value and doing it on a sustainable basis.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And a question on Riverdale, I was wondering if you could comment on what made that the right asset to convert? And once the conversion is done, where do you think that it'll – where you think its cost position will lie against your other containerboard assets and versus the North American industry in general?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. A good question. Well, we like Riverdale, it's a good mill, it's in a good fiber basket, and it's got good access to all the geographies that are important to us. So we like the mill a lot. It's got a great team there. And so we're excited to have those team members become a part of Industrial Packaging. What was the second part of your question? I'm sorry.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Just a sense of where you think like maybe quartile wise...
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Oh yeah.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: ...it will fit on the cost curve, yeah.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, yeah, comparing it to brown and white really doesn't make a whole lot of sense. From a white standpoint, we think it'll be first quartile. So we'll get a cost advantage. It's going to be a very high quality sheet. So just everything about it looked good, and as Mark said, it does free up other machines that were producing whitetop for us, they now produce brown, and so we get a benefit there as well.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. One last one. Any initial (35:32) thoughts on 2018 maintenance expense or capital – CapEx numbers?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yes. This is Glenn speaking. Again, we'll lay out the full view of 2018 either later in the quarter or after the end of the year. But as we look at our outage schedule into next year, we have a heavy outage schedule coming at us as we move, continually move forward into our 18-month outage program. So net-net, we can expect higher outages next year, but we did not quantify that for today.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Hi, good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: In terms of the Graphic Packaging deal, is there any significant kind of corporate over – like overhead that might kind of be stranded with the company? Like, would we expect a fairly higher corporate line next year just as you work through that?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah, I think you're right on target, Gail. Certainly there will be some stranded overhead that we're going to put our energy around mitigating to the largest extent. We will plan to keep that at the corporate line next year as we work it down. We haven't quantified that exactly yet, but that's an expectation that was factored into all the analysis.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. But you'll quantify it, I guess, as they start modeling next year. And just some of the outages and issues that you've had in containerboard between Pensacola and Orange this year. Tim, can you just give any sense of where you are with your inventories? And where you might think you'll be kind of as we enter next year?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We've been tight all year, Gail. In fact it's starting with Hurricane Matthew last fall and working through that and then Pensacola as you managed, and now two hurricanes that impacted two different containerboard mills. So it's tight, we're managing it, we're getting better at how we manage it. I think we're on steady footing at the moment. And I expect us – when you run tight, you build capability. And so I think we've demonstrated to ourselves that we can run with lower levels than we've carried in the past. One wrinkle in all of that is what's happening with the transportation markets, which have been somewhat disrupted due to the same influences but also a lot tighter, given what some of the rail lines are doing around business model, but also trucking. So when supply chain delivery times start stretching out, then we need to start working with more inventory to support our network.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And maybe just one last one. I don't think you quantified but can you give any sense of what your box shipments have been doing year-on-year through what you've seen in October to date? And I appreciate it's a tough comp, but...
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Tough comp, but we are running on an absolute basis up about 4% so far through the month. So it feels very strong to us right now.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning, Mark and Glenn. First question has to do with the Riverdale conversion. If you could give us the timing of when that starts to switch over from white paper, is it going to be one – like three months or two-month period, where you're doing all the work? Or are you going to stage it like one of the other conversions we know about? And then secondly, that's a lot of whitetop at once. Are you planning to tweak your system, where maybe you'll focus more on your whitetop production at Riverdale and de-emphasize it elsewhere? Or how should we think about that?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hey Chip, it's Tim. Yeah. That's exactly the play, move it from where it's being produced today, get a better cost structure, get a very high quality sheet, and then free up those assets that are currently running it today to run other products. So that's exactly the play. On the conversion, we said mid-2019, the long lead time on all of that is finishing the detailed engineering, getting the equipment on order, getting the equipment delivered, getting everything ready to go from a project standpoint, the actual conversion really doesn't take that long, 30 to 45 days and it can come off of uncoated freesheet and be back up on containerboard.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, one other quick one. When you look at the pulp situation, I know there was a question earlier, but – and you mentioned the discount, I would imagine that varies when you re-strike contracts? And if you could just remind us, I understand that about maybe a third or so, maybe 40% are actually renewed or are subject to renewal each year and that's when that discount is addressed and I would imagine there are some movement there based on where the market is overall at that time. Is that a fair way to look at it?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Hi, Jean-Michel speaking again. Yes, you're correct, we are in the middle of – almost the end actually, the contract renegotiation. Some are more than one year, so every year roughly we do have 30% to 40% of our contracts, which are being renewed. It's really customer per customer, because it will depend of the volume they want, the product they want, the mix, so it's difficult to give a trend. I will say so far our renewal, which is the most important, because it shows the confidence from our customers is going very well. So I think that's the first thing, that means the customers are satisfied with new GCF. And this is what we wanted to achieve first and foremost. And then customer per customer really it varies tremendously.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark. Welcome back.
Operator: Mark, if your line is closed, can you please unmute it at this time?
Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Can you hear me?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: We can now.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: We can hear you now, Mark.
Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. I'm sorry about that. So in your white paper outlook, you call the outlook stable in most places, I'm curious what your expectation is for white paper imports. And I was also hoping you could give us a sense of what the demand looks like from the Brazilian white paper perspective.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Mark, I'm going to ask Mike Amick, who runs our – most of our Paper – white paper business globally to take a shot at that. Mike?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Mark. And hello, Mark, welcome back. Yeah, on demand from an import standpoint, as you know, North America has been down about roughly 20%. We saw that continue in the third quarter. And with respect to outlook, I don't know that it will change a whole lot. We also with respect to Brazilian demand, and in particular across Latin America, we posted two positive quarters in Brazil domestically, let's say it was (43:18) about a 0.5%. So it continues to be a little on the light side, and I wouldn't call it robust. We do – are moving into a seasonally stronger period, and we...
Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Right.
W. Michael Amick Jr. - International Paper Co.: ...expect to see that pick up. And demand right now both across the Americas looks pretty good as we kind of closed out third week in October.
Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's super helpful. And just – I'm sorry to come back to Riverdale again, but as you move that whitetop to Riverdale and re-optimize at the other mills, is that going to actually free up productive capacity as well?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yes. So it's absolutely right, Mark. We currently produce whitetop at two other mills in our system, and we would move all of that to Riverdale, and then have the benefit of producing other products at those two mills.
Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: And as you produce those products, is that going to reduce your changeovers et cetera, and will that actually increase the capacity of those assets?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: It'll increase a little bit incrementally, it's just – they'll be producing products that are easier to produce, and so we should be able to squeeze a little bit more volume out of those two mills.
Mark william Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: That's super. Thank you very much.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Just a couple of follow-up questions here. One, if I could come back to the cellulosic business, Jean-Michel or Mark which ever you want to take this, just so I make sure I understand this right. When we look on a year-over-year basis, there is somewhere between $130 per ton to $160 per ton higher for various grades, with SBSK fluff et cetera. And you guys produce about 4 million tons there just a tick under, when we think about – and appreciating that some of that maybe 20 (45:17) is already down or some movement in there, I mean there could be directionally $100 million of price lift year-over-year, that could be a $400 million swing. Help me understand how that might phase in or help us scale and size what the opportunity may be appreciating that maybe not everything happens in one year and you talked about indices and different components, but I mean it sounds like a pretty big swing, and help us understand how this phasing could occur?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Yeah. So, let me come back. We produced roughly 3.5 million metric tons, (45:55) most, we have on that about 65% fluff and specialty and 35% market pulp. So, they, as you know, move differently. The market pulp moves faster even if in the NBSK from Grande Prairie, we work a lot with contracts too because NBSK from Grande Prairie is very, very well appreciated. When you look at the upbeat on (46:23) prices compared to when we started the year, it's big, it's already in our number now, but you can see it, it does create an amount, which is maybe not far from the number you mentioned. And it's in our number now. I don't think there's – maybe a little bit more if Q4 continue to be strong like that. So, yes, it is a strong dynamic. I mean, if you take a 3.5 million metric tons and you get just $20 increase, that's $70 million dollars, so any increase in pulp is very strong for us.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Are there not kind of contracts for example on the two-thirds that you make that's in the fluff side that those are generally locked for a year and then they get reset the following year or I guess for a bonus (47:15), I don't feel like that's all been realized when we look at spot versus contract in the numbers.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Yeah.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, is there another substantial step-up, perhaps, in 2018? That's what I'm really trying to get at.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: No, you won't have on 2018 from what we've announced in 2017. 2017, what we announced will be done by the end of the year. When we have a contract that moves, they – even if they are for one year, they are – most of them, most of them again is generality, a quarterly revision with index. So, the time you get it, it's sometimes six months that you get it. And so far, most of our increase have been on the first half of the year. So, we're getting it this quarter, and so we got another 15 and we're planning to get on average another 10 or something like that, all grade included for next quarter.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: But you have the average annual yield curve.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: The average annual curve will be there, yes, because we've been very strong on the second half, if you compare to first half.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I'll follow up a bit later. One other question, I kind of wanted to touch on was, when I look at your corrugated business, it looks like you were – perhaps, Tim, you can help me with this. You were down a couple points in the quarter. I think the market was up a couple points. Was there something in particular about your mix, in particular customer mix or would we kind of expect that to go back towards market levels as you work through the next couple quarters?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah we're actually – yeah. I mean, like any point in time in a business like converting, there's things moving in and things moving out. So, we had taken some decisions that hit us earlier. We also have some new business that's coming in, that hasn't been fully ramped up yet. So, I attribute it to just timing. And you'll see our growth numbers go up as we go through the next couple of quarters with those wins coming in.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Was there anything potentially hurricane-related, that you had a bigger footprint through a region or something of that nature but...
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: A little bit, but it was – it hit us for about 7,000 tons. So, big enough but not significant in a way.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Good luck, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks. Good morning, Glenn. Thanks, everyone. Mark or Jean-Michel, just a couple on pulp, if you don't mind. In terms of the Chinese mills using more pulp in lieu of OCC at the moment, how sustainable do you think that is? And why?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: That's a very good question because I think, it's sustainable in the condition of – because they don't have the choice right now. I'm sure if they had more OCC or recycling product they could use, they would probably mix it up. So it's more a question of, is the OCC or is the recycled products going to be more available in China than anything. In terms of is it possible, it is. Actually, you see in China that all grade prices are going up, so it's not only pulp or OCC, it's all the grades because pulp and other raw materials are more expensive, it has gone through and prices are up. Is it sustainable? I can't tell you that, I don't know. Really no idea. I mean if we stay like we are today in terms of what's going on with the imports or what's going on with the government limiting the recycle, it could stay for some time.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right. Related question Jean-Michel, I mean, some producers – pulp producers have talked about these global pulp market conditions being the best they've been in a decade, just given all the supply disruptions and the additional Chinese demand, because of the recycled fiber import restrictions. How sustainable do you consider these conditions just based on all these unusual supply disruptions, the China situation et cetera?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: So I'm going to separate if you allow me, market pulp and fluff pulp.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Because in fluff pulp, we don't see that impact. Fluff pulp is linked to the – and consumer consumption, and they use fluff, they cannot swing from something to another. So, the fluff pulp market worldwide continues to be very wealthy with a 4% to 5% growth. And we are growing about 4% to 5% as the market. So, I think this is one thing you have to separate from the market pulp. The market pulp is today probably, I would say, more shake up than it should be, because there is a lot of things as you were mentioning both from the demand standpoint and from the supply standpoint, which are all going out in tightening it up. How long it's going to last? I don't have a crystal ball, I don't know, but I do think with time that pressure should not be as big as it is right now.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. And one last question about fluff versus market a bit, over time fluff and softwood have moved roughly in tandem with each other. Do you have reason to think that will not continue to be the case and if so why?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: So, I think it is always a question of supply/demand as you know. And they will lack (53:04) some trends, but fluff is always much less cyclical. So, when the market pulp goes very, very high, very, very fast, we go, but because – not so fast. And when the market goes down, we don't go down as fast either. So, it's a less cyclic market. Then, of course, you have some products with sawmill which can go from fluff to SBSK (53:34) for example, so that can impact one market or the other. So this is more why I think you've seen some trend following each other. I kind of think that with time it could be that that link separates a little bit more.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot, Jean-Michel. I appreciate it.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Hi, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. I wanted to go back to Industrial Packaging. I think you addressed some of the questions on price mix and the hurricane impact. Could you talk about Europe and Brazil specifically? I think Europe was a bit lower than I was expecting? And then just kind of the outlook for both of those regions going forward?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I can start with Brazil. Yeah, we had a slightly better quarter, which was good to see in Brazil, volume was a little bit better. We've actually been performing quite well on a volume standpoint. Our operations ran very well during the quarter in Brazil as well. We're nowhere near where we want to be, but it seems like the economy was starting to pick up a little bit more and volume was beginning to recover.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: On the volume recovery, do you have any sense of what specifically is improving and driving that? Because there's been a lot of comments about the backdrop in Brazil improving and I don't think a lot of answers as to what specifically is driving that.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: It took a little bit of a hit early in the quarter on protein, given all of the disruption from the news that you – I'm sure you've seen, related to some of the political scandals. But that didn't turn out to be as bad as we thought it might and actually recovered through the quarter. But it's fairly broad based. It just seems like economic activity is picking up broadly in Brazil over the past quarter.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: And, Debbie, in relation to the EMEA question, you're correct, couple factors. One is the seasonality in the third quarter that we spoke to, relative to box demand. The other factor is we are in the full conversion of the Madrid mill and we didn't have any – or didn't have material newsprint sales or production in the quarter, which put some stress on fixed cost absorption.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So when we look to 2018 then I'm assuming that European contribution becomes positive...
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yes.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: ...in that segment. Okay. And then just final question. You talked a bit about the $210 million in EBITDA for NA consumer, but – and you're going to quantify the corporate later, but were there any other one-time items that you could call out? I think there was something maybe related to maintenance. To help us just understand the deviations that we're already noticing?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Inside the $210 million adjusted EBITDA, that we're using...
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: ...it was largely Augusta, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And can you quantify that?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Well, in the quarter it was $15 million to $20 million (56:56).
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one final question this morning. Our final question will come from Dr. Mark Wilde of BMO Capital Markets.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Glenn.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You know, Mark, you've got two businesses now that are going to be reported below the EBITDA line. And I just am curious as to whether this is making you think any more about potentially kind of raising your stake in consolidating Ilim going forward?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, Mark, the Ilim joint venture is, as you know, a very, very well advantaged business. And we continue to be happy with that investment and with our partners. And we will continue to grow that business together. The ownership structure, if we change it ever, will be done cooperatively and collaboratively with our partners. But having it below the line isn't the driver. Making sure it's the right thing to do from a value creation. But I understand what you're saying around getting full recognition for that powerful EBITDA generation. And that's strategically as we kind of think about what advantaged positions mean, that's one of the criteria we look at is what's the best way to structure it and make sure that it's properly recognized and that our investors can see it for what it is.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Just another one. Glenn, can you just help us with the transaction yesterday? If you guys monetize that position two plus years down the road...
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Right.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): ...what's the tax implication of that?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Okay. So essentially if we sold the business outright, we would basically have a $1.2 billion (58:47) tax basis on the $1.8 billion and we'd pay 38% of that. On any appreciation above and beyond that, down – two years down the road, we do have a tax receivable agreement in place, so that would allow us to get an offset since there would be a – that we would have a gain, but the JV would also have a tax basis step up in the amount equal to that gain realized by us. So basically Graphic [Packaging] would pay us the NPV of 50% of that gain back. So, there is an offset on the accretion of the deal on taxes that we would pay if we exited our original tax exposure, less the basis.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then just a couple things on containerboard. Can you tell us, Tim, did you get any benefit from that summer corrugating medium hike?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No, it's fairly neutral to us. We do purchase a little bit of medium through trades and so it has a modest negative impact, but it's not substantial by any means. And most of our contracts on the box side are in terms of price pass through and what not are linerboard based, there's a few that have a medium component but not many.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then can you – with regards to Riverdale, can you just help us think about sort of the potential conversion of that second machine down there, at some point how you're thinking about that?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I think that it gives us tremendous optionality. So we look out in time and there's still good demand on the uncoated freesheet side of the business for number 16 and – but we have the option at a point in time further down the road of thinking about other uses for it.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Are there any inefficiencies in trying to run it as a split mill right now or going forward?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No. I mean, we do that in a number of places across the system where we have a landlord and tenant making multiple products, we know how to do that. So, I don't – it actually works quite well in terms of covering all the fixed costs that are in there in everything. We did look at a point in time, what a conversion would look like, and so, we know that and it's just a matter of understanding what the business need is to support our customer growth at a point in time.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, Mark, one thing interesting about Riverdale, it's a little unique for most of our mills, is it was built by Hammermill and it was built as two distinct process lines. So many years later, it makes the conversion to one product on one line co-existing with another product on another line, actually a pretty good fit versus mills that were built to be multi-line mills with a common pulp mill and a common backend. So it's really working in our favor now.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. That actually gets to the question I was kind of – I was really curious about. Finally, any thoughts about potentially converting white paper over to containerboard down in Brazil?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: That's not on our radar screen right now, given the two things, one is, it's probably the best place in the world to make high quality uncoated freesheet and it's – we competitively export it around the world. And two, you've got to look at the forest, and most of the Brazilian softwood is spoken for, would take a long time to plant and grow, and you got mostly eucalyptus forest. So the fiber basket is really conditioned for hardwood based grade, so at least in the near future.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Fair enough. Good luck in the fourth quarter, guys.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Mark.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thanks.
Operator: That will conclude our Q&A session for today's call. It is now my pleasure to hand our program back over to Guillermo for any additional or closing remarks.
Guillermo Gutierrez - International Paper Co.: Thank you. And thank you, everyone for taking time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call for – after this call. Our phone numbers are on slide 21 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in the third quarter 2017 International Paper earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co. Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co. Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co. W. Michael Amick Jr. - International Paper Co.
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2017 International Paper Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Landau, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2017 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Jay, and I had my thanks to everyone calling in for our call. We appreciate your interest in International Paper. Starting off on slide 5, the transitional quarter that I spoke about on the last call came in as we expected. International Paper delivered solid results overall, driven by Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers. In our Industrial Packaging business, favorable market conditions and healthy demand underpinned the solid quarter. Results in Global Cellulose Fibers were driven by strong global demand along with record fluff pulp sales, favorable pricing trends and synergies which are being realized in a faster rate than originally conveyed. The recent price increases are coming in as we expected with most of the benefits coming in the second half of the year. OCC with the greater headwind than we had originally expected, driven by stronger global demand. We successfully executed our heavy maintenance outage schedule in the second quarter and as we sit here today about 75% of our planned maintenance outages were completed in the first half of the year. The Ilim joint venture delivered another strong quarter of operational EBITDA. However, IP's equity earnings were negatively impacted by a non-cash FX charge related to this joint venture's U.S. dollar denominated net debt. All in all, we finished the second quarter as we expected and we're well positioned for a very strong second half. On slide 6 and continuing with the financials, I would like to point out a couple of key metrics. First, year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter was 9%. This was driven by the pulp acquisition, overall volume growth in our businesses and increased pricing in several of our businesses. You can also see the negative $0.04 impact of ruble that I mentioned earlier in the quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Glenn to discuss each of our business segment's results and our outlook. Glenn?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yes. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'm on slide 7, which is the overall enterprise bridge from the first quarter to the second quarter. So starting from the left to right, price improvement in the quarter was significant, driven by North American Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers. Volume was seasonally stronger as expected. Operations and other costs improved quarter-over-quarter and maintenance outage expenses were significantly higher again as we planned. Input costs in aggregate were a modest headwind as higher OCC up $24 million quarter-over-quarter were largely offset by lower wood, chemicals and energy costs. Corporate expenses were lower and the effective tax rate was more favorable due to the benefit of the catch up of a state tax rate change. And lastly, as Mark already noted, earnings contribution from the Ilim JV were a headwind this past quarter, this was driven by a non-cash FX charge on their U.S. denominated debt although somewhat offset by solid operations. Now, turning to the businesses and beginning with Industrial Packaging, earnings were higher driven by seasonally stronger as well as higher underlying demand along with improving prices in North American domestic and export containerboard markets, and of course North American box. As these price increases continue to ramp up, we will see the majority of the benefits hit in the second half of 2017. Operations and other cost improved but were negatively impacted by cost associated with Tropical Storm Cindy, a few isolated reliability events in the quarter and higher LIFO inventory reevaluation charges primarily related to increasing prices. I would also note that IP receives $13 million in insurance proceeds related to the Pensacola incident in the quarter, which is roughly the same as those received in the prior quarters. Input costs in the second quarter were higher, driven by OCC that was up roughly $20 per ton on average quarter-over-quarter. And lastly, closing up the first half, we successfully executed our heaviest planned maintenance quarters with nearly 70% of our maintenance outages behind us for the year. So moving to slide 9 and taking a look at our history in North America and the portion of our Industrial Packaging business, we are entering a period of significant market expansion in the second half of this year as our price and cost initiatives continue to be realized. The takeaway here is simple, this is a business that's resilient and able to relatively consistently deliver value across a broad range of economic conditions. The key drivers of this large improvement in the second half includes good growth, driven by both domestic and export demand, increasing prices in North America and also on exports, lower maintenance outages especially in this period and ongoing cost reduction initiative. So with that said, we are returning to peak historical margins in the face of higher input costs, which point to a healthy and growing global market environment and ultimately sets us up for an excellent run rate going into 2018. Turning to slide 10, I'd also want to take a moment to highlight the current state of our kraft linerboard exports from North America. As we talked about often, our export channels for kraft linerboard out of the US network are strategic for IP and provide us with many options to fully capture the value of our total containerboard system. Drawing your attention to the chart, we predominantly serve the globe's kraft linerboard needs in three regions; Latin America, Southern Europe and Asia. As you can see, global demand growth for kraftliner continues to be robust in 2017, up 3% to 4%. Further pricing trends have been favorable in all the regions and we expect that momentum to continue, which is another key driver enabling us to restore margins into the mid-20% level. Moving to slide 11, I wanted to briefly highlight an attractive acquisition that we recently closed in Morroco. We purchased Europac's Tangier facility, which was only recently started up in 2016, so quite modern facility. With this acquisition, IP received a very solid set of assets and an attractive portfolio of customers that are a great complement to IP's existing EMEA packaging business and customer base. This acquisition allows for significant optimization and growth opportunities and again, underlines our commitment to the region. I can share that we are off to a great start in the first month of ownership. Now turning to Global Cellulose Fibers, lots of green on this chart, coming off a transitional quarter in Q1, the business turned in very solid performance across the board. Earnings improved by $63 million quarter-over-quarter, driven by increased prices, improved mix, solid operational performance, and greater synergy benefits. The business saw a record fluff pulp volume and continue to grow within the Specialty Products segment. All in, with consideration of a light outage month in June, we exited the second quarter with EBITDA margins north of 20%. Going a bit deeper on synergies on slide 13, we delivered $34 million of synergies to the bottom line in the second quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $48 million and approaching quickly our full-year target for 2017. Further, we exited the second quarter at an annualized rate of $126 million, well ahead of our full-year run rate target of $100 million. This gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to meet and ultimately beat the original $175 million synergy target and get there more quickly than we originally thought. This alone is really another key driver to our year-over-year improvement. On slide 14, moving to Printing Papers, financial results came in largely as expected as earnings were modestly lower due to heavy planned maintenance outages which were partially offset by higher volume out of Brazil mostly export and Europe. Slightly lower pricing and less favorable mix in North America was also largely offset by the increased prices in Europe. Turning to slide 15 and the Consumer Packaging business, results were significantly lower in the second quarter, much of which was driven by a significant planned outage expense of about $30 million predominantly at our Augusta Georgia Mill. As is typical to our initial inspections at the start of any outage, we identified at Augusta incremental opportunities for maintenance and we made the decision to extend the outages to perform additional work on the boiler. Coming out of the outage, we also incurred more costs associated with the start-up. But these events are behind us, and we expect normal operations from this point forward. Commercially, results in the quarter were solid. Pricing improved as implementation of the recent price increases continued, and we continue to see the underlying drivers of demand improve as we experience increased backlog, although much of this upside was delayed in the quarter by production constraints at Augusta. So, now on page 16, moving to Ilim, the JV delivered a very solid quarter of results, driven by seasonally higher volume and improved pulp pricing. However, as we've said a couple of times already, the equity earnings were negatively impacted by a non-cash balance sheet charge related to FX, as I discussed earlier. Looking ahead, the JV expects seasonally lower volume and lower average pulp prices to impact earnings for the third quarter. Equity earnings are projected to be $35 million assuming no change in FX from the second quarter equity raise. We're now on page 17 which is our third quarter outlook. Turning to it, we expect to see significant benefits associated with the execution of the March $50 per ton North America containerboard and box price increases, along with continued price realization on North America containerboard exports, as well as benefits from ongoing implementation of price increases in Consumer Packaging. With all combined, should improve earnings by about $80 million quarter-over-quarter. And additionally in the price/mix section, continued benefits from the pulp price increases, partially offset by seasonality and the recent dip in softwood pulp prices, will drive a net benefit to our Global Cellulose Fiber business of roughly $10 million. And in North American Papers where demand is softer, mix is expected to be a modest headwind due to a higher percentage of export shipments. Moving to volume, while we expect demand to stay strong for boxes, we will be unfavorably impacted by one less shipping day. In terms of operational performance and costs, we expected Industrial Packaging to improve $40 million quarter-over-quarter. This is due to lower operating costs and lower LIFO charges. Operational costs are expected to be lower in Consumer Packaging as well as we pass the impact from the extended outage in Augusta, and that's now behind us. So, net-net, this represents an improvement in earnings in Consumer of about $10 million. As we discussed earlier, outage expenses are scheduled to be lower by $165 million across the enterprise while input costs, driven primarily by OCC and energy, are expected to be higher by about $25 million. In the Other Items category, we have provided our assumptions for corporate expense, interest expenses, tax rate and equity earnings from the Ilim JV. So, now let me turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Glenn. You've all heard and talk about the strong second half that we envisioned in front of us, and as we sit here today, it's now upon us. International Paper is positioned for margin expansion over the balance of the year, which also should set us up very nicely as we move into 2018. There are several drivers of this step change in results, a healthy demand outlook, particularly for our Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses, the realization of recent price increases across many of our IP businesses, solid operational performance and cost reduction initiatives, coupled with significantly lower maintenance outage expenses, and finally commercial and synergy momentum in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. As we've been saying since the recent pulp acquisition, we will continue to allocate capital to create value, and in the near term debt reduction is our priority. Putting all this together, I continue to be highly confident in our full-year view of delivering year-over-year EBITDA growth with upside to the 10% target I shared earlier this year. With that, we'll open the floor to questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: First question, any sense – in July, first part of July how business is looking? We just heard from a competitor of yours who seems to have had a very strong start to July. Are you seeing similar trend?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Mark, I would assume – is there a particular business? I'd assume you're talking about the box market, but I don't want to ...
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Exactly, yes.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, yeah, I'll let Tim just talk about July but I think that our story is similar. Tim?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Mark. We are seeing a strong start to July for our box system. As of today, our cut-up's running 5-plus percent year-over-year and we're also seeing strong demand continue in the export markets as well. So, it feels like it's pretty robust at the moment.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And just any thoughts, any color – I mean, it just really seems to be just such a fast pace, but certainly the price increases should be in now, so you wouldn't think there's any inventory building going on. What do you think is behind what really just seems to be an exceptionally fast pace?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: You know it feels pretty broad-based to us. We're getting some help on the West Coast in terms of our agricultural position in the first quarter. Some crops that normally start coming in in March got pushed out into the second quarter and even some in the second quarter are being pushed into the third. So, we're seeing heavy ag shipments this month and we expect it again in August. But, that being said, we're seeing pickup in industrial accounts as well. So, it feels pretty broad-based. In terms of price, you were talking about it. I mean, we don't have any sense that our customers are building inventory, probably have no way to know that full stop but it's kind of hard to build inventory and hold inventory for box customers. They typically – manufacturers just don't have the space. Our price increase you referenced, it's going extremely well. We're right on top of what the expectation was and we've got a lot of flow-through coming in the third quarter.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then just one last quick one. You'd mentioned you expect to see the full or pretty much all the benefit in the second half of 2017 on that price increase. Should I take that to mean that some of it will be showing up in the fourth quarter or does it really almost all show up by the third quarter?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Almost all of it in the third quarter. We'll be 90-plus percent through the third quarter and there's a little bit of residual that flows through into fourth quarter but not a whole lot.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just with the strong volumes you're reporting in the number you just gave for July, just wondering how the system is operating on an operating rate basis? And are there any debottleneck or expansion opportunities that you might be looking a green light or might be getting a second look, given the accelerated pace of demand we're seeing?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. A great question. We're thankful that 2 years ago we embarked on adding capacity and flexibility in our system where we needed to. We're continuing to execute against that, we've only brought on about half at this point. We've got another increment that will come on in the third quarter, and then the last one will be completed next year. So, we still have the opportunities that we referenced back in 2015 that are coming online, as well as debottlenecking opportunities across our mill system. We've got a pretty broad and flexible system with a lot of capability. And so, we continue to evaluate additional opportunities there.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Brian, this is Mark. Just to add to Tim's comment the other flexibility we have in our system is International Paper serves all the major channels for kraftliner, so the U.S. domestic market, and our own box plant, the open market and the export market and our ability to move our production to where our demand signal is the strongest and our margins at the highest, gives us very flexible system including where capacity is deployed at different point in time.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And Tim, would you characterize those expansions as adding maybe 1% to your capacity every year or something a little bit lower than that?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: A little bit lower but that's in the order of magnitude.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. And just one last one from me, the consumer volume is a little bit light I take it that, that had to do with the extended maintenance outage. But, overall (18:52) seem like they've been pretty healthy for the industry and the backlogs have improved. Just wondering, if you could comment on what you're seeing in the market there. And any thoughts on the strategic importance of that asset to the company?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So, Brian, your take on the market is accurate. The demand has been pretty solid. Our issues of just making the product during that month with such a large asset out for such a long period of time; it's really an issue with our volume. We have seen a pick up, we convert, as you know, a percentage of our boards to make cups and fruit containers that business is doing very well. And our customers in the open market in different segments has shown some strength. We've said a number of times the Consumer Packaging business, while it's small relative to other parts of our company, it's a business and a market that we like. We think there are some synergies with other things we do. We've been working to figure out what the right role for International Paper is. When we talk about strategy and IT, we talk about building advantaged position it's an attractive market. And at any point in time, you can take a snapshot and not every part of your company meets that test. And our question that we have to answer is, is there a way to get to the advantaged position standpoint and that's what we're looking at and evaluating.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hi. I think, Glenn you mentioned earlier you're getting back to peak margins in the containerboard, in light of peak OCCs prices. But, it seems like there's a new paradigm in an issue whether it's demand, obviously limited supply and the steepening cost curve. So, bigger picture and longer term, what's the opportunity set for further margin expansion in medium term, like what do you think the next peak could be?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Well, I think we speak to that broadly. While referring to the second half and the second half notably has low outages so there's an annualized impact of outages that we need to apply there. But, we're going to see that margin expansion and we're going flirt with if not beat our last peak. And so we're not considering it a maximum peak by any means. The three components that are going to drive margin and EBITDA growth in the company are growth, volume and our ability to meet that volume. The reality of a steepening cost curve in a high OCC environment and the fact that we have a lot of cost savings opportunities in this big network that Tim spoke to across our system, and combine those, we see that 3% or 5% EBITDA growth over time
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: The other thing that I would add to Glenn's comments since I agree with it of course is looking at export markets. Over the last period of time as export pricing was under pressure, we lost rough order $200 million of value just through selling price decreases and that's starting to come back. So, this year, we think we'll recapture half of that. And on a run rate basis going out to the year, we should be close to whole.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. And I guess for the synergy ramp for your Weyerhaeuser has been really impressive. Is that driven by this really good execution on your front or you're just finding more opportunities and I guess longer term, could you see upside to your long term synergy target for Weyerhaeuser?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Philip, I'm going to attempt to have Jean-Michel Ribiéras answer that question. He's in Asia right now with Cellulose Fiber customers, but we'll give it a shot. And if it doesn't work, I'll come back and answer it. Jean-Michel?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Yes. Good morning. I hope you can hear me fine. I would say the synergies are kind of have been better than we expected everywhere. We had a lot of customers in fact which were not overlapping much more than we originally thought and with our Riegelwood 18 new capacity for example, we had a much faster ramp up than we expected. Then on the supply chain, logistics, scoping it really went well. So, if you look at our numbers today, we are already at $48 million year-to-date. Our target was $60 million for the year which we clearly – we are going to beat that target. Our current run rate is about, we think end of the year $126 million. So, we feel very comfortable about the $175 million target and actually much faster than we had original planned. So, we're discovering much more opportunities than we already thought.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just one more question on that, Cellulose Fiber segment. I guess even (23:52) for that matter, pricing in softwood appears to have kind of peaked, I understand part of that's seasonality. But, there is some capacity that's coming on in the medium term, as well as the market is absorbing some of that new fluff capacity that's being qualified at this point. Just, what's your view in the next 12 months to 18 months on softwood and fluff pulp prices and that correlation dynamic? And any color on how you're thinking about rebates going forward? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Thank you. Quite different I would say on softwood or fluff, I would say, there are some new capacities which are ramping up which are going to come up, which will impact for 6 months to 12 months, maybe the global operating rate in softwood. In fluff, with the growth we're having with the market demand which is kind of clearly stronger than we expected. I am less worried. I don't think we're going to be on an extremely tight market for 12 months to 18 months. But, I think that between the good growth of the market and the ramp up, which you know is always longer than many times people think in fluff. It really takes time to get qualified to ramp up. I think fluff is going to continue to be quite well balanced for this coming 12 -months to 18-months and probably after.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: And on the rebate, I'm sorry.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Oh, yeah.
Operator: And your next question...
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: I believe that's your question?
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, rebate.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: I'm sorry. I think we have to be careful this year so there is a big difference between market pulp and fluff. So, I would say the trend on the last year has been an increase in the rebate, there is no doubt. But, in fluff, we really don't sell the same way we market fluff. Almost every customer has a different contract size, some are (26:10). So, it's very difficult to mix both of them. I would not do that. If I need to explain on rebate, I would be happy to.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Jean-Michel, good evening. I just want to maybe piggyback on the fluff and cellulose fiber questions. Recognizing that you might not want to get into a mark-to-market exercise, given that the synergies are coming quicker than you thought, and congratulations to you on that, when do you think you'll be in a position to maybe update whether the $175 million is the right number or maybe they could wind up being higher given the progress that you're seeing? And you enumerated a number of places where you've been getting more progress on CF synergies. Is there one or two that in particular was beneficial to you in terms of the progress so far? And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Glenn, why don't you take the first part?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. So, just on a macro basis, George – this is Glenn. I think it's preliminary right now. We're seeing, more than anything else, the rate of improvement cutting on fast. While we have expectations and it looks good relative – like I said earlier relative to the opportunities to do better; we're not in a position today – we're not in a position today to really speak to the rate which is again the underlining point of the quarter. But, we should be ready as we get closer to the end of the year.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that, Glenn. A couple of questions on paperboard broadly. I just wanted to confirm, so aside from it sounded like there was maybe $5 million of additional outage expense within Consumer. The performance in the segment was pretty much where you had expected it. Would that be fair?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. That's definitely fair. Speaking on behalf of the businesses, this is Glenn. We had strong demand. We had operational issues and had a big outage in the quarter that certainly set us back and then also put a tap on our volume, as our backlog expanded, we ultimately have delayed some of that into the next quarter. So net-net, we're comfortable with the market backdrop that was really the assignable cause of this.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And you'd mentioned some – I forgot how you said it. But, it sounded like there's some operating issues minor, but nonetheless some issues in the containerboard system in the quarter. Can you comment to what those were and if there's been any carry over? And piggybacking, I think on a question that Brian had asked earlier, the capacity expansions and really is more – mill system optimization flexibility that you're building in. If memory serves, it was about 250,000 tons and if I heard you correctly, you've gotten half of it now, you'll get half of it next year and there are incremental benefits you'd expect to get and if you could put some sort of number on that incremental that would be helpful.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hi, George, it's Tim.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, Tim.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: We've gotten half of it. We've got more coming on in the third quarter of this year. And then so we'll be at about 70% implemented by the end of the year and the balance will come on next year. And then the operational issues that you referenced earlier, almost all of them were related to weather. We had Cindy, Tropical Storm Cindy that came through and knocked some of the mills down. But then we just had – towards the end of the quarter, we had some significant thunderstorm activity and weather comes through taking the utilities down which blacked a number of our mills, and then we had to scramble to get them back up. I think it's behind us. But they were pretty much all situational.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My last question, can you comment a little bit about how Europe is going, specifically Madrid? And then before turning it over, just want to say thanks again, Jay, for all your great work in IR. We really appreciate it working with you and, Guillermo, welcome aboard. Thanks.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Thanks, George.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: George, this is Mark. On Europe, we're right on plan for the Madrid conversion. So the equipment is all spec'd, ordered and showing up and we're ready with the team to phase out the newsprint manufacturing and convert to containerboard. We've got some exciting new technology that will go into that conversion, making it really, really high performance board. And as we showed on that slide with the small box plant acquisition in Morocco and looking at Spain and Morocco and the food basket there that uses kraftliner and high-performance recycled, it's a perfect example of building an advantage position in a really attractive market. So we're excited about the conversion and ready to get on with making containerboard and everything is right on target.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: When are you producing first commercial ton, Mark?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So the first commercial ton, we should be in December...
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: ...of this year. I hesitated, because I was thinking about when we would have kind of a reasonable ramp. It's going to be through December. Our target was always getting it converted in the fourth quarter and having it fully ramped into our system as we enter 2018.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you so much.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, George.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning. Hey, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wondered if we could kind of just jumping back to containerboard and containerboard capacity, I'm kind of reminded of that old Dr. John song about it. I don't do it, somebody else will. With the industry running at 97% right now, just it seems like the market is getting a signal that we need more capital in the business or we need more capacity in the business. Can you talk about sort of beyond that 2018 debottlenecking, what else you guys are looking at or might think about to bring on additional capacity?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hey, Mark. It's Tim. Yeah, I mean, we look at a number of things in terms of how we create value in this business. And certainly, given market conditions and the growth that we see in both boxes and in board, growing with market is a significant component of our value creation strategy. Mark's talked in the past about the breadth of capability across International Paper. We've got a great organization. We've got great assets with a lot of flexibility. So, we constantly evaluate how to deploy those assets and when to deploy them for the greatest value creation. So there's opportunities there. Not ready to speak about anything specifically, but we do have opportunities.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So just to kind of follow that a little further along though, Tim, can you say just generally right now, does it look like the better opportunity is kind of incremental debottleneck at existing mills or it might involve kind of conversions which you guys have talked about in the past.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: We've got multiple opportunities, Mark. I wouldn't want to single any one out, but I think we've got multiple opportunities.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then, Tim, just one short follow- on, I just wonder if you can talk at all about what you might be doing to kind of help mitigate risk of another Kleen Products settlement?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Great question. One of the things that we do is we have a very robust pricing mechanism and pricing governance protocol within Industrial Packaging. So on a regular basis, every month, we are updating the macro factors, the metrics that we look at and evaluating how we feel about our pricing posture and that is there's a lot of analytics involved, and there's a lot of discussion and we do it religiously every month no matter what.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then, Tim, also just on Brazil, can you give us some sense of what you saw in your box business in Brazil in the second quarter?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Generally, improvement across the board. Not as much as we would like, but we did get pricing improvement, our operations ran better. Volume was better, but not as good as it could have been given some of the segment issues down there around protein and then the just general market conditions. But on balance, I think we're performing better in the market, and certainly from pricing and volume, commercial excellence, the team is doing a better job down there.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then, Glenn, I think you guys mentioned that $13 million insurance recovery on Pensacola in the second quarter. Can you help us understand sort of what other impacts from Pensacola we might have seen in the second quarter?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yes. Yes, I can, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just give us kind of bridging first quarter to second quarter, so we understand sort of how Pensacola kind of played into second quarter results.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Sure. So the net earnings impact was just $3 million in the quarter, Mark. The $13 million was the insurance recovery, but we had continued business interruption, this is more on the supply chain area moving through the quarter. So that was really how it affected the second quarter. If I put the whole thing in perspective, the impact we looked at for the whole year is around $63 million, $50 million of that is business interruption, the other $13 million is capital investments. We expect to recover on the earnings line $46 million of that $50 million. Insurance recovery to-date is $25 million. So the net earnings impact is miniscule, and the cash impact is at best basically the size of the deductible.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Right. That's fine. And finally, Mark Sutton, can you just update us on kind of thoughts around Ilim both in terms of IP's ownership stake there, but also I think you've got some potential expansion opportunities at Ilim, and I just wondered where those sit right now?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Sure, Mark. As we said before, we think Ilim is a powerful example of building an advantage position in a number of businesses, serving really attractive markets. So the pulp side of Ilim is really all about the Chinese and Asian softwood market. We just came off of a big capacity expansion, and we're ramping that up and getting it into the hands of the right customers in the right segments. There are more opportunities longer term in the future. We would time that when and if the market needed it in the targeted segments we have. But the opportunity is there and the advantage of fiber and logistics are just really, really compelling. The balance of Ilim is really an International Paper microcosm. We make containerboards in the Ilim business and we're working to expand that today as we speak. We also make boxes in Russia with our partners in Ilim and we make some uncoated free sheet and some other forest products. And so, those businesses are growing, serving the local market and certainly some of the markets in Eastern Europe. It's a 50/50 joint venture, right now. We really believe it's best to operate in Russia with partners. We have great partners today that are not just generic business people, they are forest industry professional that have been in the industry their whole life. And they're educated in forestry and sustainability. So the common view on how one should run a forest products company from a renewable natural resource all the way through (38:41) carbon-neutral energy generation to recoverable and recyclable products matches the IP value proposition perfectly. So ownership stakes will be discussed over time when it makes sense, but what we do like is we like the business and we like our partners and we like the potential that that business has. Under normal CapEx, inside of the normal scheme of things, we're de-bottlenecking, we're improving capacity. We're looking at things together in the industrial packaging market and that's all going very, very well and you'll continue to see a really powerful EBITDA generation out of that business.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, fair enough. Thanks and good luck in second half.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. I just wanted to follow up with couple of questions regarding the fluff business. So as we think about the path to – you guys have talked about longer term getting this to a $600-ish million of EBITDA business. A couple elements that will improve things, I think, 2018 versus 2017, so if you kind of help me with the size or scale or buckets of these. I mean, one is going to be your synergy stuff, which you're telling us you're ahead of and have identified new things. The second is, it was earlier you talked about some of the rebates or discounts and I guess, my question here is most of your contracts are – those only get addressed when the contracts get renewed, meaning, if there are 3, 4, 5-year, what's kind of a 10-year component to that is kind of my question. And then the second is what portion kind of just get an automatic bump when base price for fluff as we would see in the market that's up a good chunk here reflects through. So just kind of help me understand the cadence or the pace as to how this change goes?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Jean-Michel would you take a shot at answering Chris' question around contract versus non-contract and the synergy component?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Yeah. I will. Hi, Chris. I hope you can hear me fine.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Let me try to make something which is a little bit complex a bit easier. When we have price increases, those encompass being with a formula, being with an index, ultimately, we'll get about the same net price increase, it's just a question of timing. One might be immediate, another might be a three to four month maximum, I would say, before it gets applied. So the way to look at it in fluff is whatever the mechanism we have in place, ultimately you do get about the same price increase. The second question, which is more kind of the contract side, we have most of our contracts, I would say, are one to two years. So we have many of our contracts two years. And some of these contracts are not formal. Some are very formal, some are in countries where they're usually more so, hey, this year the target is, let's say, 57 tons. And I can tell you, it's works as well as a very contractual contract because we are partners for long time and we inter depend on one from the other. So it's a mix of different things, it's not just one way to do it, which is why maybe sometimes it's confusing. But at the end, it's the same result to the long-term commitments with our customer, and the pricing goes through as the market can accept it depending on our demand versus our supplies. So the normal things of market applies with different mechanism but the same result.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So ultimately, we're still – it maybe – it's still a couple year process to get towards your big picture target of $600-ish million?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Yes. I mean, this is – if you take the average, I would say, cycle prices, which we had around 2015, you can see we're not that yet there. We are progressing significantly this year, but we might be on the pricing only side halfway. On the synergy side, we are ahead. So, yeah, I would say, a couple of years, which is as we said on a normalized price market is what we need to get there.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then one question for Glenn, usually this is the time a year or so when you guys take a look ahead at the pension. I know you did a big settlement last year. But how would you view or think to the appetite as you sit here today to doing another kind of pre-fund component of the pension as you have in the last couple years or do you think you're pretty well set for the next few?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Well, as you know, we have no mandatory contributions in the near term. But with that said, we are in a deleveraging mode and we're looking at all our options to most efficiently deleverage to bring our ratios back in line with our target. So I would say that's an option that's still on the table.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. Good luck, guys.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hey. Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: I guess, Tim, can you maybe offer some perspective on what you're thinking about in terms of OCC? What's been driving it? What you expect maybe over the balance of this quarter and just fundamentally, is this a new normal?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, certainly, over the long term, we've always said we expect OCC pricing to move to higher levels. Our crystal ball is probably not any better than anyone else's in the short term. We think we're going to see some modest uptick in the quarter, in the third quarter. You read a lot and you talk to your people on the ground a lot. I think, first of all, demand which has been pretty strong is one component of it. And then generation, supply being tighter is another component. And what I think I understand is that traditional retailers' generation is not growing. It's holding, but it's not growing. And so there's an e-commerce impact. There's probably a distribution or redistribution impact as well. But I think quite frankly, up at this level and sustained, we see that in the future. This time last year, I don't think any others would have predicted it for this year.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: And I mean, any sense of how much of what's been going on, it's been domestic versus pull from China?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I think, it's both, China pulled back earlier in the year and maybe there's some timing here as they kind of race to catch up. But I think, it's broad based and you look to other markets around the world and OCC is up in those markets as well, so other countries in Asia. And so I think this is – you can find pockets where there maybe anomalies, but I think it's fairly widespread.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Gail, this is Mark. Just to add to what Tim said. If you just take it up a level and look at, this OCC phenomena is a great example of this whole business model and you can't look at it in isolation. Kraftliner and OCC go together. OCC begins its life as virgin fiber and as the market for packaging – sustainable packaging grows, where it grows determined what type of fiber is used, but the feedstock for that fiber is virgin fiber largely generated in the southeast U.S., some in Brazil, some in Northern Europe. And so the dynamic is China, let's take that as an example, China surprised everyone by really ramping up their collection rate beyond what people thought they could do. And it reached very, very world-class levels and they're there now. So any incremental growth has to be fed with strong fiber coming from other regions and then you got the dynamics that Tim described where we might recycle as individual consumers a little less diligently than a large retailer would. So generation suffers for a while. But at these prices, the market will find its place and OCC becomes really, really valuable. And I know where we live in this area of the country. OCC generation is actually increasing because the municipalities have really stepped up curbside, making it easy for consumers to do it, may not be the same in dense large cities, but that's something that we will see play out. But it all starts with this pretty good business model of renewable natural resources, making products that are using the by-products to make energy in a carbon-neutral way with biomass. And then in the case of the corrugated box in the U.S., 90% captured and recovered and recycled. So the amount of attractiveness that has with customers and segments is just not to be underestimated.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And just one last one. A European producer has just announced an acquisition of a U.S. player and they're talking about being a multi – a supplier to multinational customers. And I'm just wondering as someone that has a toehold in the European market, the Latin American market, is that a real trend and opportunity that you see in the market or is it more in local terms?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I'll take the first part. And Mark may have something he wants to add, Gail. But this is – it's not new necessarily, we've been talking about this for a long time. Certain companies are more equipped and capable of taking advantage of it than others, customers, I mean. Where we can and it adds value for us and it adds value for the customer, we certainly do those kind of things. We do it between our footprint in Brazil, our footprint here and in Europe. So there's certainly opportunities. I personally don't see it as a broad brush type of seismic shift, if you will. And having the capability broadly to meet those customers' needs is sometimes a significant hurdle to get over as well.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning and congratulations to Jay and Guillermo on the new roles.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Thanks.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Pulp and paper we showed a $20 a ton increase in corrugated medium prices this past month, I was just wondering if you could quantify the impact, if any, that you anticipate.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, it's Tim. It'll be minimal to us. We don't sell a lot. We don't buy a lot. We break for a little bit. So it'll have a minimal impact, not all of our customer contracts reference medium. And so where they do, you can pass through, where they don't, you won't get it but it's single-digit millions on an annual basis for us. Yeah.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, you referenced the very strong export pricing that we've been seeing in the slides, but I'm guessing your margins domestically are still better. Is it possible to quantify how much you pulled out of the export market in 2Q, if you anticipate pulling incremental tons out in 3Q, just kind of the mix of export versus the domestic market given the very strong demand we've seen in the U.S.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We export between, say, 12% and 15%, depending on the time of the year, but year by year, it's in that range. We didn't really pull back a lot during the second quarter. Given Pensacola and its exposure to the export markets, we were working hard to meet all of our demand here in North America and also working to catch up with customers that we have commitments to in other parts of the world. So it was a strong push across all the channels in the second quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Glenn, just a clarification on the bridge you gave us. If we take all those pieces, would that get us to about $1.1 billion for the third quarter on EBITDA? I didn't catch everything, so I just wanted to confirm that with you.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Well, I think we outlined the areas on our outlook that we have a clear line of sight on. And if you can pick that back up in the transcript, we don't come out and just give a broad-based number. But directionally, I think if you look at and do the math on the pieces that we've built up, you'll get it in that range, and you could speak to Jay and Guillermo afterwards.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Regarding the bridge as well, what exactly is your pulp price forecast for the second half? And secondarily, what is the flow-through or the anticipated flow-through in the third quarter from your previous price increases that had a, call it, two to three-month lag?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Well, again, we're not going to be forecasting, looking forward on pricing. We gave you the macro view of net-net in the pulp business for the third quarter, an incremental $10 million that has all the pass-through that that's going to come through from what's been announced and that's net from some of the situation relative to volume and the seasonality, as well as the dip in softwood prices. So, again, that's a round number of $10 million net-net.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And just two others, one, in terms of what Jean-Michel was saying, because historically, I believe, softwood and fluff pulp have moved basically exactly in line with each other. So is he saying that he thinks that will de-couple to some extent in the future?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Jean-Michel, do you want to take that?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Jean-Michel speaking here. Yeah, I would take it. When we look at softwood and fluff, you do see some conversion long term but not immediate. There can be a broad band of difference between softwood and fluff, and they don't move at the same speed at all. So I would say a plus 30% or 50% or what is going today on softwood and what is going today on fluff is really not related. We have very different situation in fluff. Even if we have like every year a little bit of seasonality in the summer, which is a bit lower, fluff prices run lower, very stable with the end of the pricing season in fluff versus the slight decrease you have in softwood. So we need a big difference between the two before you can see one of them affecting the other. This level of swing you have in softwood today does not affect fluff at all.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for that Jean-Michel. And just, Glenn, one last one for your on cash flow. Do you expect a meaningful step-up second half versus first half in terms of cash flow?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. We don't forecast cash flow either, Adam. But at the end of the day, you could see that there's a significant step-up across the board and cash flow should fall in line with that as well.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. If you could talk a little bit about a couple of markets we haven't talked a lot about in terms of the markets and that is especially the fluff market as you see the growth there. I know you mentioned Riegelwood is ramping up on the production side a little better than you expected. But what's the demand look like out there? Is it something that's still looking 3% to 4% up? Or is it varying from what the recent past has been? And then also on uncoated, if you could talk about the fact that outside the U.S. we seem to have prices going up, I believe that's true. Certainly, RISI is saying that. And is that having any impact at all in the U.S. market in terms of us not being as attractive for some of the importers?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Jean-Michel, do you want to take the first question on fluff demand globally?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Yeah. So fluff demand globally is actually very stable growth. I would say the recent trends are even... [Technical Difficulty] (56:40-56:47)
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think we might have lost – I think we might have lost him. So I'll finish this sentence. Fluff growth, we're seeing in our customer portfolio and I think the public numbers are close, but more than 4% growth. We had built our model in the 3% or so range and we're north of 4%. Some regions did 4%. Some regions even more than that and across a broad-base of uses from baby diapers all the way through the adult incontinence and hygiene products. And so part of that just have to do with, we just track GDP per capita in different parts of the world with tight correlation when people can afford these products. That's where the highest growth rates are. So we feel really good, Chip, about what we're seeing, there's innovation going on in those products that are making them more accessible to more people around the world. And we are right there in the middle of all that innovation. And that's part of what the combination of IP and warehouse of those products is a much, much stronger innovation DNA inside of our company that we had as IP alone.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you.
W. Michael Amick Jr. - International Paper Co.: Chip, this is Mike Amick. Your question around this particular market, if you look at the data imports into the U.S. whether on a quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year they're roughly flat. There's not been a whole of change there.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Understood. But are you – do you anticipate or are you feeling – because I know you sell paper around the world. Are you feeling the strength or stronger pricing outside the U.S. in uncoated?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - International Paper Co.: We are, we've seen some modest increases as we reported. You see in the appendix pages and also in EMEA as well.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So Mike, you've been a little bit modest you've got strong pricing pressure in Latin America. And Chip, obviously, it's the differential that makes the U.S. less attractive to Mike's point. We probably will see in the quarters probably stay in the range. It's typically how the market incremental trade flows have worked in the past and that we don't see anything that would say or they would work differently.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got you. Thank you.
Operator: And now, I would like to turn it back over to Jay Royalty for closing remarks.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Well, thanks everyone for taking the time to join us this morning. Michele, Guillermo and I will be available after the call. Our phone numbers are on slide 19 of the presentation and have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co. Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co. Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co. Catherine I. Slater - International Paper Co.
Analysts: Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to International Paper First Quarter 2017 Earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Paula, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining International Paper's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Glenn Landau, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2017 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide four provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our first quarter call. I'm going to begin on slide five. International Paper delivered solid results in the first quarter in what was a transitional quarter with many moving parts. And quite frankly, we see the second quarter as transitional as well given the heavy maintenance outages, some additional costs at Pensacola, input costs that are expected to remain high, and ongoing implementation of previous price increases. All of these should position IP for a very strong second half. In the first quarter, price realizations were as expected, and we make several price increase announcement across our businesses. This includes a $50 per ton North American containerboard price increase effective in March, which was recognized by the publication index this past Friday. In addition to that, we have announced and are implementing price increases across North American export containerboard, market softwood and fluff pulp, and our paper business in Brazil and EMEA, as well as the price increase in Consumer Packaging. We effectively managed through a challenging situation following the January 22nd digester incident at our Pensacola mill and I'm pleased to report that the mill was back up and fully operational in early April. The integration of our newly acquired pulp business is off to a great start and we delivered $14 million in synergies in the first quarter. Input costs across all businesses were a $55 million headwind with more than half of this driven by OCC as prices increased on average about $40 a ton versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Additionally, IP received dividends from the Ilim JV in the first quarter totaling $127 million, reflecting a continued very strong year of financial performance at the JV in 2016. Moving to slide six, turning to the financial results. One area that stands out is revenue, which increased almost 8% year-over-year. This was primarily driven by the addition of our newly acquired pulp business, which I would also note is a business that is growing from a demand standpoint at an annual rate of 5%. Turning to slide seven, I'd like to provide an update on the recovery at our Pensacola mill. This, as we had said in the first quarter, was a very unfortunate incident, so I'd like to take a few moments to discuss it. First and foremost, I'd like to thank our IP employees for their extraordinary job of responding to a very difficult situation both at the mill and in the surrounding community. In addition, I'd like to thank the Unified Command, which included representatives from the federal and state environmental protection agencies and the county health department for their cooperation and assistance in managing through to recovery. I think, this is a great example of what we call the IP Way Forward, which is doing the right thing, the right way, for the right reasons all at a time. It's foundational to who we are as International Paper. Within the first 48 hours following the incident, remediation teams began cleaning and repairing common areas and effected home sites. Most of this work is now complete. We took multiple steps to ensure that our customers' needs were met, including adjusting our outage schedule, shifting production to other mills, along with other mitigation efforts. Fortunately, we were able to utilize the spare digester dome, which we had on hand to expedite the repair to get the mill back up and running in the shortest time possible. As we shared publicly during the quarter, an unusual combination of naturally produced pulping gases and pressurized air led to the explosion, which occurred, an event that we've never seen before in IP and to our knowledge as we understand that never before seen in the forest product industry. We have taken steps to ensure that this does not happen again, and we have shared our findings with the industry globally and hope that a similar situation can be prevented in any other company in the future. We feel very fortunate that no one was injured in this event. And with that, I'll turn it over to Glenn and let him provide financial update on the incident. And then move into the details for the quarter. Glenn?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Continuing with Pensacola on the same slide and relative to the outlook on total financial exposure we shared during the quarter, I'm pleased to report that we see things coming in at the low end of the previously disclosed range. We now see all-in costs, including $16 million for capital coming in around $80 million. In terms of the first quarter, earnings were negatively impacted by $46 million, however, the actual financial impact in quarter one was minimized by shifting our planned maintenance outage schedule. This moved $26 million of these outages out of the quarter into the second quarter, but that's obviously more about timing. Additionally, we booked $12 million of realized and anticipated insurance recovery in the quarter. So looking forward, we remain optimistic about our ability to recover all of our out-of-pocket costs after the deductible through insurance in the calendar year. And as we've already shared, given the accounting treatment for the capital to repair the fully depreciated digester and the associated step-up in assets, we continue to see this as a nonmaterial earnings event in 2017. Now moving to our quarter-over-quarter earnings bridge on slide eight. Notably, we saw a meaningful uplift in price versus the fourth quarter in 2016, largely driven by implementation of our announced October price increase in North America Industrial Packaging as well as other price realizations on export containerboard and some early benefits from our pulp price initiatives. Volume was, in general, seasonally lower across the majority of our businesses. Operations and costs were flat, inclusive of the cost associated with the disruption at Pensacola, while maintenance outage expenses were higher. Input costs were slightly higher driven by rapidly escalating prices for OCC throughout the quarter. Finally, contribution from newly acquired pulp business, as you can see unbundled in the bridge, was impacted by significant outage expenses in the quarter, largely associated with the unique energy savings projects completed at the Port Wentworth mill and more to come on that a little later. So, moving to the businesses on slide nine. Earnings in Industrial Packaging were lower primarily due to higher maintenance outage expenses and higher input costs, mainly OCC, as I just referenced, which together more than offset our significant price increase realizations to-date. Volume was also seasonally lower, but as expected. So stepping back, we see the first quarter as our low point or trough in business margins for this new cycle. And as the $50 per ton price – March price increases realized on containerboard and our box business, beginning in the second quarter we also see other ongoing non-price initiatives helping, we see a period of significant margin expansion ahead for this business. On slide 10, the graph shows, well, box prices in OCC indexed to the fourth quarter of 2015. As you can see, our box prices have recovered to just above the levels exiting 2015. However, given incrementally higher OCC costs, margins remained squeezed into the first quarter. With that said, our October price increase has been fully implemented and largely realized, with just some modest benefits coming outside this quarter as it flows through the remaining contracts. So looking forward into the second quarter and the rest of the year, we will see the ramp-up of benefits of the March increase with the majority of the realization coming in the third and fourth quarters as it is implemented through our box contracts. As to our outlook for OCC costs, we expect continued elevated levels in the second quarter acknowledging the peak in March and – acknowledging the peak in March and a modest downward trend since, but on average, essentially flat with the first quarter. Additionally, as global markets remain strong, we expect further earnings upside in the profitability of our export linerboard sales over the balance of the year associated with both implemented and announced increases. Turning to global cellulose fibers and I'm on page 11, we experienced a transitional quarter from an earnings standpoint as contribution from a newly acquired pulp business was more than offset by heavy outages in that portion of the business mainly due to the Port Wentworth energy reduction project. A little background here, the project involved the boiler and turbine upgrades that will result in both chemical and energy savings over time. The project investment was $140 million, including $50 million of required maintenance capital and will generate solid returns above the cost of capital annual benefits of $15 million to $20 million of incremental EBITDA. Additionally, back to the quarter, we saw initial benefits from our announced price increases, although the majority of the benefits will be realized over the coming months. Synergies of $14 million were achieved in the quarter and are spread across multiple bars in the bridge. And again, just to be clear, if I could draw your attention to the portion of the bridge that's highlighted with the caption, pulp acquisition, this reflects results for that portion of the business for the first quarter as compared to the one month we owned the business in the fourth quarter. The incremental $16 million represents the underlying performance of the business outside of outage expenses, but including synergies above the $17 million earned in the fourth quarter, bringing us to roughly $33 million EBIT run rate for the acquisition business in the first quarter of 2017. I'm now on slide 12, which provides a little more perspective on our synergy plan as well as our results through the first quarter. As you can see, we're tracking synergies in three major categories: SG&A, commercial, manufacturing, supply chain. And as I said for the first quarter, we achieved $14 million in synergies split across these three categories. Notably, our annualized run rate coming out of the first quarter is $56 million, and this is ahead of our track and expectations. On the right, you can also see how the $175 million total synergy target breaks out by category. So we remain very confident regarding our synergy opportunities and our ability to meet, more importantly, exceed this commitment over time. Moving to slide 13. Printing Papers, was an uneventful quarter, primarily impacted by normal seasonality, largely in Brazil, resulting in lower volume and less favorable mix as we expected. Now on Slide 14. Our Consumer Packaging segment earnings were off versus the fourth quarter of 2016 modestly as seasonally higher operating expenses, higher input costs, and a less favorable mix more than offset lower maintenance outages in the quarter. So taking a look and stepping back at the overall SBS market on slide 15. Fundamentals have truly strengthened over the last few months. Backlogs are up 25% and operating rates improved as well. Shipments are up nearly 5% year-over-year, while inventory and trade flows have remained fairly constant. What we believe is driving the improvement in fundamentals is a combination of factors. This includes some Q1 seasonality, a general pickup in consumer-driven demand as well as an increase in demand for place (13:34) stock and potentially some pre-buying before a relatively heavy spring outage season compared to last year. Overall, foodservice demand is up 2.5% year-to-date in the U.S. and looking forward, continued improvements in labor markets, increases in hourly wages, strong consumer confidence, and increases in disposable income should lead to improved – continued improvements in SBS domestically going forward. Moving to Ilim. The JV delivered a solid quarter as higher pulp prices were more than offset by seasonally lower volume and higher wood costs. The Russian ruble strengthened during the quarter resulting in an FX gain on the JV's U.S.-denominated debt. Looking to the second quarter, the JV expects seasonally stronger volumes to be partially offset by heavy maintenance outages. Now turning to the outlook for the second quarter on page 17. We expect to see, as I referenced earlier, the initial benefits of the March $50 per ton price increase in North America Industrial Packaging, along with continued realization of price increases on export containerboard, which just in quarter two together will amount to roughly a $30 million upside. We also expect to see price increase benefits from Global Cellulose Fibers of roughly $20 million in the quarter. I would also note that our price initiatives in European papers and Brazil papers both continue to move smoothly, and we see full implementation and realization there as well. For volume, we expect, and are experiencing at the moment typical seasonal increases in North American Industrial Packaging and Consumer Packaging which, together, should drive another $30 million increase in earnings across the businesses – across these businesses in Q2. Looking across our remaining business, volume is expected to be relatively stable. In operations and cost, we expect significantly less costs at Pensacola, along with some seasonal improvements in our North American packaging businesses which will result in $40 million in additional earnings. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, the non-repeat of the issues we had at Pensacola as well as post start-up costs associated with Port Wentworth represent an additional $20 million quarter-over-quarter. Maintenance outage expenses will peak in Q2, for the year are expected to be $82 million higher quarter-over-quarter. And input costs, we see as being generally flat, quick note back on outage expenses, 70% -- 75% of our annual outages will be completed for the year exiting Q2. In other items category, we listed our assumptions for corporate expense, interest expense, tax rate, and equity earnings from the Ilim JV. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Glenn. So I'm on Slide 18. So as Glenn just shared on the second quarter outlook on the previous slide, you can see on Slide 18 there's a lot of pricing activity underway across several of IP's businesses, so we thought it would be helpful to just put this in one place for you. It won't go through all the details here, but we expect these changes to translate to a step-change improvement in earnings as we move into the second half of the year. And I would also note that this is just a snapshot of where we stand at this point in time relative to what's been announced and what's in progress. On slide 19, I'll wrap-up by our comments. In addition to the pricing activity I just highlighted, we have a host of additional initiatives that set the stage for a particularly strong second half, and importantly, continued momentum as we exit 2017 and go into 2018. These include operational and cost-savings initiatives across all of the businesses, significantly lower maintenance outages expenses in the second half and, as Glenn just outlined with 75% of those being behind us after Q2. And accelerating benefits from the integration in Global Cellulose Fibers business as well as the start-up of the converted Madrid mill on high-performance recycled containerboard which will be for internal consumption by our European box business. We will continue to focus on allocating capital to create value with a near-term focus, as I mentioned on the last quarter's call, on debt reduction. So with all this being said, I'm highly confident that IP can deliver year-over-year EBITDA growth with material upside to the 10% target we shared on our last earnings call. And with that, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operating Instructions] Your first question comes from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you for taking my call. Just first question I want to ask was, as I look through slide 10, just to make sure I understand this right. This sort of suggest that you've got about 3% realization of box prices as I sit today during 1Q. I mean, perhaps could you give us a sense of what the exit rate look like, I'm guessing it was probably closer to a 6%, 7% sort of range instead. And then that's again, not still inclusive of what you've got going forward with the current round of stuff that probably is another directionally 10% on top of that. So some color there will be helpful.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yes Chris, it's Tim. We did end stronger in March as we went through the quarter. And you'll remember that in the fourth quarter, the price have already started moving up. So as we exited the first quarter, we were roughly 85%, 90% realized on the price increase from the fall.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, so the kind of 3% that you've got there is what you think you're going to get out of the first piece?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: There's a little bit more to come as we go through the second quarter, just in terms of how contracts work. But we're right on track where we thought we were going to be.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. The follow-up question I had also in relation to the box business. When I look further in the back, it look like your volumes were down just a tick under 1%. I think industry numbers through the first quarter were up 2% to 3% depending on what you looked at. I do appreciate you had an outage, is there anything – how should we think about that, is it just perhaps customers kind of source from other folks in the near run while they knew you were having some issues and it kind of comes back towards market as the year progresses or do you feel you had any share losses or how would we think about that?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I'm sorry, Chris. I guess the first part of your question, you're talking about box volume?
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, in the back slide that showed down 0.7% through the quarter, I think the industry was up 2% to 3%. Just helping me put that together.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yes, I mean, we look at it on an ongoing basis and there's noise in the quarter, right. So we had some exposure to our ag position given the heavy rains and the delay in crops. We also saw some weakness in beverage. I don't think it's a trend. I think that you're going to see noise quarter-to-quarter. Especially with us. I mean, our focus is on managing margins at the end of the day. We're going to have some segment exposure from time to time, but over time we expect to grow in line with market.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Good luck guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call and the details. If we could talk at all about what kind of run rate you're seeing, recognizing it's early in the quarter, during 2Q. Within the containerboard and box system, but also across your other businesses, that's my first question. And then secondly, I was just trying to do some quick math on your heat map chart and considering also the slight or a decline in Ilim sequentially. Should we ballpark the expecting sort of flat to slightly up in terms of earnings for 2Q versus 1Q, is that the correct takeaway, or did we miss something here? Thank you guys.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Hey George, its Tim. I'll start on the demand side. We continue to see really strong demand on the export side. In fact, our customers have been frustrated, but highly appreciative of the way that we work through the Pensacola incident in terms of being transparent with them and really working hard to cover their needs. And our demand in the second quarter will grow. On the box side through April, it looks like we're trending close to 2% on a daily and still working through some of the Ag that is beginning to pick up and some of the other segment exposures that we have. We feel really good about box demand so far. In fact, I think our view on the year total market is we're anticipating growth on a daily between 1.5% to 2%, probably closer to 2%.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Hi, George, this is Glenn responding to the heat map question and the direction for the second quarter. Yeah, I think, you're directionally correct. As Mark said, the second quarter is also another transitional quarter, but it's more than just flat. There's upside in the second quarter as we really go into the very, very strong second half.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: George, this is Mark. Just to finish your demand question. I mentioned it in my remarks that strong demand plus 5% in our Cellulose Fibers business and we see that continuing. We've got a great customer list, and so we're well positioned geographically as well as with individual accounts. We're seeing some strength in the part of Consumer Packaging markets that we participate in. And over in Europe, our packaging business demand is solid. Paper is a similar story to what it has been, but it's not different than what we thought, still declining in the developed markets, but we do see some growth in Brazil. And, again, Brazil has tremendously powerful export position, so we serve multiple markets. So I would say our view of demand across our products gets to some of the comments I made about good, strong business fundamentals, solid activity on the pricing front and the internal initiatives we have around cost savings and how we manage outages this year, all set us up very well for a really exciting second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Tim, one on e-commerce. I would have thought you'd have been a big beneficiary of e-commerce growth in the quarter, but obviously, your volume was down close to 1%. Can you talk about how much you're actually benefiting from e-commerce on the volume side as well as what impact you think e-commerce is having both on OCC costs as well as your price/mix?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I mean, some of this is speculative, right, because we only have our view. But I think e-commerce is growing more rapidly and will continue to grow more rapidly than brick-and-mortar. And I don't know where that stops. They're penetrating in a lot of areas. We had a very good quarter in the first quarter with e-commerce. But compared to prior years, you go through the holiday season and then as you hit January, there's always a return period and there's promotions. And that part felt a little bit lighter this year, maybe people did a better job buying the right-size products through the holidays. On the OCC front, I do believe that it is beginning to have an impact in terms of fiber flows and recovery. I just don't know how much and I don't know how far it goes. But it does feel like just given how much is being purchased online, that it is skewing OCC availability, at least at certain times of the year.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. And then just one on the box price increase, how would you characterize the fall ball box price increase implementation? And how do you think the spring box price implementation – increased implementation will differ, if at all, from the fall implementation? Thank you very much.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I'm very positive on the spring price implementation. I think we see our supply chain has been very tight, now part of that is Pensacola. But we ran at what were historically low inventory levels in the first quarter and did a lot of scrambling quite frankly, just to try to keep up as much as we could. I think box demand has been good, and so we look at it, and we see a normal type of implementation as we work through all of the conversations with our customers. And the bulk of it will start in the second quarter, the bulk of it will come in the third, and there will be a little tail as we go into the fourth quarter.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Go to next question...
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. With all the price action, I appreciate the slide, page 18. And just wanted to maybe flush out a little bit if possible. So how much fluff pulp versus NBSK, SBSK would annual production be roughly?
Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co.: So, we are – hi, Jean-Michel speaking. Good morning, Mark. We are roughly 2 million tons, a bit more, 2.2 million tons on fluff and 800,000 tons on market pulp to-date, with the proportion going up in fluff and specialty and have (28:12) specialty with fluff in Consumer Products. (28:15) specialty. So on the mix, which is one of the big initiative we're having around fluff and specialty is growing. Ultimately I think we'll probably be 2.3 million tons, 2.4 million tons plus specialty versus 600,000 tons on market pulp net short and that's the (28:33) target.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And on the slide on page 18, it notes that there's $115 per ton of announced and published price initiatives on fluff. How should one think about how these increases tend to get put in, and how they tend to stays in over time? Is it fairly immediate, or is it that it does take a while because of the way contracts are set up for it to show up on the bottom line?
Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co.: So let me back up two seconds and then answer your question. You have to be fair what is SBSK, NBSKs and fluff. SBSK and NBSK is relatively fast, it's not immediate, but between the announcement and the realization, you might have 30 days, max 60 days. On the contract side, on the fluff side, you really have a mix. You have a mix of regions where they're not indexed based; you have a mix of businesses, which are indexed based; and then even on the comp size based, sometimes they're very long before they're realized. So between the time we announce and realization, there is a delay, I would say, no that was the dynamic we've had on different announcements, I'm quite positive we're going to start this quarter to see the impact significantly. So there is a delay. It varies with the product, it varies with the customers, the regions. But we are on a really good track. Two have been published by index already. We have two more prices, which we have seen action on the non-indexed contracts. So I'm quite confident we're going this way. So it takes time, but we're getting there.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon of Vertical.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Yeah, hi, guys. This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. How are you?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Doing well. Good morning.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: So first of all, just to continue on the fluff pulp. Can just you provide a little bit of color in your customer base, is it very concentrated? Is there a number for your top three or top five customer accounts that you can provide as a percentage of your sales?
Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co.: I think we are – our mix is roughly like the market. So we have the top 10 customers in this market are important, it represents maybe 45% to 50%. Our top 10 must be 45% to 50%, and the other is 50% of our sales are many, many customers around the world. So we are more or less aligned with the market. I would say, the new mix we had will be a little bit more aligned with big customers and (31:33) so now the combination is roughly perfectly aligned with the market, even in terms of regional sales if you look at it. It's kind of almost to the percentage aligned with the market.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: That makes a little sense. And just as a follow-up. Switching gears to the Ilim joint venture, we've noticed that you've been shifting the debt from U.S. dollars to rubles, and can you explain a little bit the rationale? Is it to smooth out your EPS? Or is there any other reason behind that shift?
Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co.: Jean-Michel speaking again. We wanted to kind of naturally address Ilim, so we kind of had one third rubles, two-third – we're not trying to be all rubles or all U.S. dollars. As you know, we sell a lot in dollars, so the pulp is sold in dollars. So by adding a debt of this content that allows us to not depend so much about FX situation and be much more naturally hedged. So that was the reason we did it, and we don't have intention to make bigger the move.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just going back to slide 32 where you had the box shipments for the quarter. You noted the $22 of price/mix per ton sequentially from the fourth quarter, obviously, you got some of the benefits of the $40 increase in the fourth quarter. Is there anything on the mix side of the business that's holding back some of the realization from that price increase?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, we had a few dollars of negative mix just across segments in the first quarter relative to the fourth, roughly about $4 of – just in terms of customers and segments and the types of boxes that they buy.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Not structural?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No, not structural, I mean, our mix just based on segments and how people buy fluctuates all the time. It can move positive or negatively a few dollars quarter-by-quarter.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I mean, is there a way to sort of characterize the type of product or customer that would cause those temporary mix issues?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: It's all over the map. It depends on board construction, it depends on box style. It just depends on a lot of factors. So in a word, no.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: We understand it. We look at it. We do a lot of detailed analysis about it, but there's nothing that kind of repeat itself over and over again. It just depends on demand across the segments.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then Mark, I thought I heard you mention earlier on the Consumer Packaging segment that you might have had some pre-buy, I think I heard that correctly. If so, where are you seeing that and sort of how should we think about the impact as move into the second quarter?
Catherine I. Slater - International Paper Co.: So this is Cathy Slater. Really, what we can say from the takeaway from our facilities that we saw higher shipping this quarter versus the same time last year. And we know that we have outages and kind of all of our customers know that as well in the second quarter. And so really, we just continue to see the takeaway that occurred and we're really just speculating as to what our customers may have chosen to do to cover that.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one for me. Earlier this week RISI put out a notice that they're delaying the implementation of the recycled containerboard price index. And I think they're evaluating a more objective price index, which looks like it's across many different grades. How should we think about that? Or what are your thoughts on that so far as to what you're seeing?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hi, it's Tim. I mean, we're waiting to see exactly what they're going to do. I think they're proposing that they run a pilot of some type. I mean, our view would be, no index is perfect but the one that we have has worked well over time. There's moments of dislocation, probably up and down but on balance, we think it worked well over its history. I guess, we would want to understand what the changes are going to be and if objective means, a practice of submitting data, we would really be concerned about making sure it passes regulatory muster.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. All right, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Hi guys. Pulp prices really have firmed up in the last few months across the spectrum globally. Just curious, how sustainable is that just given some of the passes (36:45) that's coming on later, but obviously, we appreciate the 5% growth that you're seeing in the market?
Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co.: Hi. Jean-Michel speaking again. Like Tim, I cannot stipulate for the market, but if you look from our customer standpoint, the demand is very strong, and it's very strong not only in short-term. You know we have a long-term contract, so a lot of our sales are done three, six months in advance which forecast on our customers. And we're seeing a lot of growth. One of the potential driver, and I'm sure it's not the only one, it's Asia, I think, there's a clear relation between consumer not the whole GDP, the specific consumer growth in Asia in terms of purchasing power, in terms of demand. And this is impacting a lot of purchase of goods, which indirectly impact either SBSK or fluff because those are medical hygiene goods which we know they have a direct relation with the purchasing power. So I think there is a trend on developing countries, which are getting not only growth of economy, but growth of purchasing power people, which is creating an incremental demand. So we think the demand more solid than we expected. So I'm recognizing that in some grade, not specifically fluff, in some grade there's going to be some new capacity coming. But if the demand continues to be as good and if some of the indicators we're seeing are continuing like they are, we're feeling good about it.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: That's helpful. I guess, due to the weather in the West Coast, Ag was under pressure in the quarter for your Corrugated Packaging business. With things clearing up a bit, should we expect IP potentially outpacing the broader market since I believe you're more exposed to Ag versus some of your competitors and how should we think about mix from that type of the – from the Ag business?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, I mean we're expecting a good quarter. Agriculture is an important segment for us. We are a bit disproportionately weighted to it. We did have a drag in the first quarter based on weather in terms of harvest and just timing on planting of row crops and whatnot. So we'll get a crop in the second quarter. I don't know how it'll compare to others, but we have a big exposure and we're expecting a big quarter.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just one last one for me, SBS actually soften a little bit in the fourth quarter, and we've seen a nice bounce back. Any concern that this is kind of inventory restock? And just curious, can you provide some color where you're seeing strength in SBS, any market, in particular? Thanks.
Catherine I. Slater - International Paper Co.: This is Cathy again, so just I guess, what I've said, where we're seeing strength is where we are good, which is in foodservice. And as Glenn already commented, as people are seeing improvement in wages and are on-the-go society where people are wanting to grab something quick and get a coffee, we're seeing some good strength there. Overall though, I'd like say through this year, the backlogs have increased significantly whereas backlogs now that we haven't seen since 2014, so pretty good confidence about the strength of that price increase.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I wanted to ask about how you feel that the overall kind of portfolio of businesses that you have today. I think in the past we've talked about some optionality around consumer in LatAm and potentially some of those might be at a bit of an inflection point here. So, I just was hoping you could comment overall and then specifically on those two units? And for lastly, I'm referring to corrugated.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Debbie, it's Mark. Great question. We're always looking at ways to build the best International Paper we can. We described at a high-level, our strategic framework as building competitive advantage positions in attractive markets. And we believe we're making a lot of progress on them when you look at the businesses we have. The two you mentioned, they're still work in process. Cathy, just mentioned the part of Consumer that we're really, really competitive in, and we like integrated forward through foodservice converting, we're continuing to improve. And we're continuing to evaluate options for whether we can actually build and should build a competitive advantage position in the right markets in Consumer Packaging. And those types of evaluations take some time, but the core focus right now is improving what we have. And that's what we're doing. On corrugated in Latin America, it's along the same lines. We look at our corrugated packaging business, and you've heard me say this before, somewhat globally as we think about containerboard and its channel to market, we want to understand all markets that we should and could be a value creating player. And so the standalone business we have in Latin America, we acquired it and sailed into the deepest recession Brazil has seen in modern history. And we have improved the business a lot, but with demand being negative, significantly negative tracking GDP, we haven't really seen the business perform in a more normalized market. So, again, working on internal improvements and we'll assess it. I mean, Industrial Packaging and corrugated is core to the company, and we'd like to see what we can do in the major markets of the world. We've been in Brazil in paper. We know the country and the economy. We believe Brazil will improve. And in the first quarter, our box business in Brazil was up over 6% against the market at about 5%. So a lot of the work we've put into establishing the right relationships with the right customers is starting to pay off. So we still believe that business has some potential inside of IP, but we are continuously looking at ways to improve the company and the value that we create. And all of our businesses and subparts of the businesses are part of that strategic evaluation and I think that's healthy for a company to do that.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then my follow-up question, just switching gears a little bit. I won't ask a Trump question, but there have been some changes at the EPA. And I think in the past the industry, it felt like some of the regulation or evaluation was a bit too narrow. And I just wanted to get your sense because I know you follow things going on there, what changes or things that could happen under the new administration that could be beneficial or maybe potentially worse for the industry kind of as we sit here today?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think our view, Debbie, on regulatory issues is that's not the primary issue for a company like International Paper, it definitely matters. But the biggest issue that we try to work on and that we see benefit is things that can improve the economy, which then improves demand for our products, but specifically for things like regulatory issues. The number one issue that we've been working on as International Paper is really the way that we construct our business model where we take renewable national resources and we convert them into products that are consumer-oriented products. In doing that, we generate 75% of our own energy from carbon-neutral biomass, and that is a tremendously powerful business model. And the work we've been doing with the EPA, both legislatively and directly with the agency for a while is to have a clear outcome on the recognition that wood-based biomass energy is carbon-neutral. So whatever we do in the future as a nation on carbon, we're recognized for the role we're playing, which is a powerful business model. It helps the overall balance, fossil fuel and non-fossil fuel. So that's the key issue that every time I'm in Washington and talking about regulatory issues with the EPA and anyone else, that's the issue that we talk about from our company and from our industry standpoint.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. I will turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover of Davidson.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So I had a quick question on your OCC forecast, which is flat versus Q1. One of your peers suggested that Q2 average would be higher. So I'm wondering if you expect prices to decline or maybe you're just better at procurement?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Or what we had in inventory, right, as you consume it. So, I mean, we're up slightly. We stay flat, it's within a few dollars on average quarter-to-quarter. We see it pretty stable right now. So I don't expect any dramatic changes, no.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: But Steve, we are good at procurement as every...Thank you for that.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Sure. And – well, Jean-Michel just answered one of my questions on pulp, so the other one is kind of just I suppose easy. The Madrid start up is one of your, I guess, benefits for a very strong second half. And I'm just wondering, are there start-up costs that are incorporated and still going to be accretive?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think the best way, Steve, to think about Madrid is it's happening in the fourth quarter in terms of the conversion from newsprint to actually making and integrating in containerboard. It's a catalyst for 2018. The biggest drivers for the second half of 2017 are the ones we've pointed out in our remarks, around the core businesses, and the pricing, and the internal initiatives and the fact that 75% of our outages will be behind us after the second quarter. But we'll see a benefit in the quarter – in the fourth quarter for that conversion, and then it will really help the European packaging business for the full year of 2018.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning. How are you?
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good. Listen, I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about kind of supply-demand in the domestic uncoated freesheet business. I mean we're running at about 90% operating rate, demand is easing. How do you see this kind of playing out?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I think at a strategic level, we see the end-use demand drivers as continuing along the recent track, so that's in that kind of minus 3-ish, minus 3% to 5% depending on what your exposure is to roll-based products versus cut size. We're actually continuing to have for a while doing a little bit better than that. And it has to do just with the customer alignment and the mix of products. International Paper still believes in the value of branded products in some of those end-use markets, especially cut size and we still see a benefit from that as our customers – in the way they present their total package to the market, probably the brands help them play a differentiated role. And we obviously tried, as everyone does, to align ourselves up with the winning customers. So all that net-net in a market that's declined I think in the first quarter about 4%, we're down about half of that. So I don't see any major changes. I think it puts a premium on commercial excellence, supply chain performance, and in our case, we still believe in brands. We've lowered our cost structure enough to be competitive in certain markets for certain products in exports, so we have a few – a little bit more export than we had before. And again, I think that's something that we like the footprint we have and the assets, we're down to just a few mills, they're excellent at what they do and our commercial teams are top class.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And just to kind of tie that together with the containerboard business where we've got a high operating rate, we've been running kind of 96%, 97%. There's really not much capacity in the pipeline here in North America. I just wondered, is there a point here where you might think about sort of a conversion at some place like Eastover or down in Selma similar to what happened down in Pensacola?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: So Mark, that's a great question. And I've said this publicly in the past that when I think about what we have in terms of our assets and our workforce, we have the ability in a number of our facilities to make a different product tomorrow than we make today, primarily because of the workforce quality and the asset configuration and access to fiber. So yes, there are a couple of our uncoated freesheet operations that in the future could be candidates to make other products and obviously, packaging would be an obvious one. But we'd do only do that if that help to improve our business and create a significant value. And I talked about our Printing Papers business as being well managed and adding that business, lacking a real better option gives us optionality on a number of fronts. So we think about it all the time, and we think about the value of kraftliner long term and whether the world and our customers need more kraftliner, IP very well positioned uniquely in some ways to be able to act on that if necessary.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then last one I had, is it possible to talk about sort of what two or three kind of main fixes would be down at Orsa?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: I'll talk about one, plus 4% GDP versus minus 4%.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: And then two, we've got a partially integrated system with kraftliner and recycled liner and really figuring out the mill side of that business. We don't have the best-in-class assets on the paper side. So creating a more – or deciding a different business model, for example. And then I think, third would be to continue, and we're making a lot of progress on this one, continue to restructure the customer portfolio in the segment. We were, in some ways, playing in places that we weren't competitively advantaged and the reason we're doing better than the market right now is because we decided to try to serve people with better advantage than.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Mark. Good luck in the second quarter and than in that second half.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman of Roe Equity Research.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hey, good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Tim, I guess, the 1.5% to 2% box volume growth is up a little bit than I think what you mentioned in the last few calls. I'm just wondering if you can give – if there's any specific part of the market that's kind of driving that confidence? Any color there?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. I mean, the way we model it, we don't model it out segment-by-segment. We obviously know which ones have been performing better over time, like e-commerce and distribution, and protein and we expect Ag will come back. So the way we model the market on an annual basis has a variety of factors. Nondurable goods production is only one of them, we think there's other things that drive demand. And we finished stronger in the fourth quarter last year and when we reran the numbers based on economic projections across different segments of the economy, it's looking like 2017 is going to be stronger by a fair amount than 2016 was.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Switching gear, the Ilim dividend was obviously a lot larger than what you even expected on the last earnings conference call, a lot larger than what you've received over the last few years. I'm just wondering if you can give some insight. Do you think this level is sustainable? Is there any kind of pending major claim on cash at Ilim in terms of projects that might be coming up?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Gail, the Ilim dividend of more than $100 million, is in the range that we talked about seeing the potential of this being $100 million a year dividend and it's starting to come to fruition. There is a strategic plan for llim and our view of Ilim is, there's tremendous potential with that business. And over some period of time, along with our partners in Russia, is looking at building out the full potential of that business in two kind of the ways. One is for domestic and regional markets, and then the other is as Jean-Michel mentioned earlier, serving the softwood fiber needs of the greater Asian market, namely China. So there is more potential in that business. It's not out of runway. But the dividend generation that you saw in this particular payout is very sustainable, and we expected it to get to this level and we are generating the kind of EBITDA and performance that should allow this dividend to remain strong.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Armstrong of Armstrong Investments.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, James.
Unknown Speaker: The first one I have is actually about inventories in the containerboard. You mentioned that they are pretty low. Do you see any risk of inventories becoming too tight during the maintenance season?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I speak for us, I mean, yeah, we scrambled in the first quarter and we're going to continue to work pretty hard in the second quarter, even with Pensacola back up, the supply chain is pretty long, especially if you think about export. And as I mentioned, we've seen good demand from basically all regions for our export business. So we've got a large flexible system that when we run it well, we run it really well. But we're recovering from, as I said, record low levels of inventory in the first quarter. But we manage a pretty tight system all the time. We saw our inventories go down last year, just because of supply chain effects and logistics being easier to manage. So we stay close to it all the time, and we try to make sure that quarter-by-quarter, month-by-month, we're balancing appropriately to our demand signal and what we see in all three channels that we serve.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: James, if I could add to Tim's point, and the absolute inventory numbers are very visible and very important in our industry. But it's really important the point Tim made about the inventory against the backdrop of transportation network. Sometimes, it takes more inventory because of the supply-demand balance and transportation to perform in the same way that you could perform in a lot lower inventory with huge velocity improvements which, Tim mentioned, we saw at some point last year in the trucking industry. So it really is inventory against the relative environment on transportation. And that whole analysis is what our supply chain tech systems and our IT systems monitor so we can confidently take our inventories to levels that look really, really low in a particular period of time, but may be against a really efficient transportation network. And I would imagine that that's going to continue to be a challenge. And if the economy improves, which we would love to see happen, it's going to put some early stress on transportation and our supply chain team will respond accordingly with customer service and building the right margin structure as the number one objective.
Unknown Speaker: That's exactly what I was looking for. Switching gears a little. I know this is an impossible question, but what are you seeing in terms of China and OCC? Did do you see any inventory build as prices ran up? And do you think the – they're going to stay out of the market for an extended period of time?
Tim S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, I have no way of knowing what they'll do because I can't read minds, but it seems like it stabilized. This new program of National Sword that's going to ramp up in June, I think, will likely cause some volatility. We don't think it's targeted toward OCC as pure OCC grade. We do think that it could have an impact on mix paper, even though we think it'll be broader than that and then also pick up plastics and whatnot. But I see OCC pretty stable as we said in the second quarter. And I think it's going to be elevated for the whole year the way it's looking right now.
Unknown Speaker: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from Paul Quinn of International Paper (sic) [RBC].
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Welcome to the company, Paul.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: When should I expect my first check. Thanks for taking the call, and sorry, but we'll see whether you've asked this question, or whether you've been asked this question before, but we got three conference calls at the same time, I've only got two ears here. So the question was around pulp and I see – so what I'm looking for is a comment on realizations, a comment on volume, and a comment on your Ilim forecast. So when I look at Global Cellulose Fibers, that price mix was down $27 a ton quarter-over-quarter, but Ilim's price mix was up $22, just wondering why one is lagging when one is pro? And then when I look at the Ilim volumes, they were down 24% quarter-over-quarter which was huge and just wondering what you're expecting in Q2? And then just on the Ilim forecast, you did $50 million in Q1, you're forecasting $40 million, but with the price increases, it looks like $40 million would be an easy layup. So I'm just wondering if you've got a lot of maintenance at Ilim in Q2? Thanks.
Jean-Michel Ribieras - International Paper Co.: So let me take the first one I think on the pricing. The pricing we show is really a mix of region, products. So sometimes, the comparison from one quarter to another is a little bit difficult. So we'll say you have a greater mix of (1:00:12) in the first Q than we normally have due to the outages. So because of all these outages, we could not sell the – we sold more than last year, but not much as we wanted to. So I think it impacted prices in the midsized. Then you have contracts which are negotiated kind of in 2016 which took effect beginning of 2017 before the announcement of the price increase, so I think those impacted to the Q1 prices. So that was, I would say, mostly temporary. If the markets have not gone up, it could have stayed like this but with the price announcement we've made and the realization we're seeing, you see our prices gone back to what they were and even above that.
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Relative to the volume side of the equation, this is Glenn and I think I said earlier, clearly, the first quarter for Ilim is seasonally slow. And it was impacted by that significantly. We did have a big FX gain that helped buffer that exposure in the first quarter. It will improve seasonally in the second quarter. In the second quarter we had even higher outages, which then offset some of that. So that basically ties out the month-to-month – the quarter-to-quarter view on volume.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks very much. Best of luck guys.
Operator: Your final question comes from Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I think you called out earlier a little bit of a less favorable mix in consumer. I just wondered if I could get a little bit more color on what was driving that and what the outlook is for mix there?
Catherine I. Slater - International Paper Co.: Okay. Well, looking at – this is Cathy Slater, hello. So in the mix, the comparison that we have of what we saw as a bit of a hurt was that we had lower aseptic volume, but we do have a lot stronger slate and cut volume that we're seeing, and that's where we feel good. So that's really what the differences are there.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And just one last one. Just any thoughts on cash contribution to the pension through the year? And just kind of thoughts on the trade-off of whether you want to make any contributions?
Glenn R. Landau - International Paper Co.: Yeah. It's a good question. This is Glenn speaking. Obviously, as we stated earlier, given the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser and the leveraged up condition of our balance sheet, clearly, this year is about debt reduction. And we put the pension in that bucket. So we'll look at our options relative to reducing debt directly or contributing to the pension and make a decision along the way which one is optimal for us this year. So it's definitely in line of sight.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Jay Royalty for any additional or closing remarks.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: So thanks, everyone, for taking the time to join the call this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call and our numbers are on slide 20 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty – Vice President-Investor Relations Mark Sutton – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Glenn Landau – Chief Financial Officer Tim Nicholls – Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging the Americas Jean-Michel Ribiéras – Senior Vice President, Global Cellulose Fibers Cathy Slater – Senior Vice President, Consumer Packaging
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari – Citi Mark Wilde – BMO Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Philip Ng – Jefferies George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman – Roe Equity Research Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson Mark Connelly – CLSA Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs Chris Manuel – Wells Fargo Securities Chip Dillon – Vertical Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to International Paper’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode. And we will open up for your questions after today’s prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Jay Royalty to begin. Please go ahead, sir.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Maria, and good morning everyone. And thank you for joining International Paper’s fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Landau, Senior Vice President, Finance and Incoming Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings press release and today’s presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture’s financial information and statistical measures. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning four our call. Before I get into the slides, I wanted to acknowledge that while, as Jay mentioned, Glenn is joining me to review our results and outlook this morning. Carol is also here with us, in the room along with other members of the senior leadership team at International Paper. So, I’m on Slide 5, make some opening comments. Before we go through the quarter and full year results, I wanted to make a couple of comments about the incident we had at the Pensacola Mill last week. And first and foremost, we are very thankful that no one was injured in this incident. Our priority is on the health and safety of our colleagues, contractors that work with us and the residence of the community. We’re doing everything we can to help restore the surrounding community and get things back in normal as quickly as possible. I’d like to thank everyone involved for their extraordinary efforts and commitment over the past couple of weeks. Glenn will provide more details later on the call for his impact and our outlook for Pensacola. So, as we go back to the content of Slide 5, International Paper delivered another year of strong performance with free cash flow of $1.9 billion and return on invested capital of about 10%, nicely exceeding our cost of capital. We made substantial progress on many fronts. Further strengthening our North American Industrial Packaging business, we completed the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business in December, which we have combined with IP’s legacy pulp business to form our new Global Cellulose Fibers business. We converted a machine at the Riegelwood mill from Coated Paperboard capability to fluff pulp, which gives us the capacity to grow both plus and high value specialties pulp products within the larger more capable new Cellulose Fibers platform. In Europe, we acquired a top quartile mill asset in Madrid which we will convert later this year to light weight high performance recycled containerboard to support our European box business. And finally, we finalized the sale of our Asia Industrial Packaging converting business, further focusing on strengthening the IP portfolio. On the capital allocation front, our board of directors authorized 5% increase in IP’s annual dividend, moving it to $1.85 a share, in making at the fifth consecutive year of a dividend increase. While 2016 didn’t play out exactly how we had envisioned a year ago as we were sitting here talking about the year. I feel good about what we accomplished and how we executed in a pretty tough global environment. As we go through the call today and outlined where we are now and the key catalyst that we have for 2017. We have line of sight to grow our EBITDA this year by 10%. So on Slide 6, and turning to the full year financial results. Just talk a bit about a few of the metrics. The majority of the revenue decline, if you see on this slide, is attributable to the sales of the Sun JV and the Asia box business, as well as the sale of our Coated Bristols brand and that business. Lower earnings were primarily due to margin pressure across most of our businesses through most of 2016, along with escalating input costs in the latter portion of the year. We did see signs of strengthening in some of our key markets in the second half of the year, which enabled us to announce and implement a number of price increases across various businesses that will all benefit us in 2017. Debt levels were increased to 2016, primarily to fund the pulp acquisition. And as we’ve commented on previously, our priority in 2017 broking debt reduction. Moving to Slide 7, I’d be continued to strong and sustainable – strong trend for sustainable free cash flow in 2016. This gave us the horsepower to execute our strategy creating value for our shareholders. Moving to Slide 8, we also delivered another strong year of return on invested capital, solidly above our cost of capital. This is our second consecutive year within ROIC spread to our weighted average cost of capital more than 200 basis points, and seventh straight years of ROIC above our cost of capital. I’m going to now turn it over to Glenn, and ask him to cover the performance across our businesses, as well as provide an update on the balance sheet and our outlook. Glenn?
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Mark, and good morning everyone. It’s great to be here. Let me just begin by extending my sincere thanks and enormous congratulations to Carol Roberts, who is sitting here beside me as she used closure of this chapter of her professional life and [indiscernible]. And as I know I can speak to so many of you here in the room and across the company, as well as many on the line today, you have a made a different for International Paper have positively impacted so many of our senior leadership support. So Carol, all the best. Now, back to business. I’m on Slide 9, which is about full year operating EPS Bridge from 2015 to 2016. As Mark already shared year-over-year earnings were impacted by price erosion and weaker mix across many of our businesses this past year, driving a $0.70 unfavorable swing versus 2015 levels. Biggest movers were containerboard for export, global pulp and boxes in the North America, which decline modestly for the first three quarters of the year largely precipitated by the January 2015 index increase, all prior to our implementation of our October box price increases late in the fourth quarter. Volume of the net positive for the year, primarily function of improving North American box demand. Operation quite solid and improving performance across our mill system we’re drag on earning in the year have been impacted by several items including our Riegelwood fluff pulp conversion to ramp up, Hurricane Matthew and a significant non-cash LIFO inventory reevaluation associated with our October containerboard increase implementation. And while lower input costs were tailwind for much of the year driving a net positive, we saw meaningful shift in that trend over the last few months of 2016 as many inputs began to turn high we’ll get more into that later in the call as we speak to the outlook. So moving across the bridge, a lower effective tax rate and interest expense combined for a dime of improvement and Ilim contributed to the positive largely driven by FX. And lastly earnings associated with our acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s pulp business in the month of December at $0.03 to the year. Now turning to Slide 10, International Paper delivered solid results in the fourth quarter supported by increasing box demand and higher prices of containerboard and boxes in our North American Industrial Packaging business. This all against the backdrop though of fallen pulp prices and rising input costs primarily OCC and energy. On the operations of cost front c,ontinued solid mill performance was unfavorably impacted by seasonality and where I mean by that is higher consumption of energy in raw materials associated with colder temperatures. As well as a handful of non-repeating items including the impact of Hurricane Matthew, our year-end LIFO inventory reevaluation, as I mentioned in the previous slide, and as well as higher expenses related medical claims in the quarter. All of which if you remember from our third quarter call, we’re expected in part of our outlook. Further, the Ilim JV delivered another strong quarter of results with operational EBITDA of $180 million. And strategically, we close the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s pulp business marking the beginning of our newly combined Global Cellulose Fibers business segment of which the integration is opt to a great start and we’re delighted to welcome 2,000 new colleagues to the IP team creating the preeminent Global Cellulose Fibers business in dynamic and growing space, the long runway of value creation so more to come on now. The quarter-over-quarter bridge on Slide 11, depicts what I just said, higher prices for containerboard and boxes in North America Industrial Packaging were offset by lower prices – lower pulp prices and IP’s legacy pulp business. And despite four fewer shipping days for North America box shipments, volume was flat sequentially due to a higher daily demand for boxes of 5% in the quarter, which was really meaningful. Operations and other costs were down $0.18 quarter-over-quarter, about a half of which was due to seasonality mainly higher energy consumption and the other half due to non-repeating items as I described on the previous slide. If this were a headwind and OCC continue to escalate as we expecting the quarter. Turning to the businesses, and starting with industrial packaging on Slide 12, initial benefits of the price increase were realized as expected in the quarter. Domestic containerboard increase was fully implemented up to the $40 index moved and North America box prices were up $4 per ton on average quarter-over-quarter. Volume was strong but higher containerboard exports and the better and expected daily box demand rate only partially offset the impact of four fewer shipping days though. In operations and other costs are largest business that the blunt of the previously mentioned non-repeating items and input costs were higher with OCC accounting for half of the total impact with an increasing trend driving a higher exit rate than average in the quarter. The next Slide on 13 is intended to provide some additional color on how we are thinking about 2017 full year benefits associated with the October 2016 domestic containerboard and price increase. Starting with the upper left hand portion of slide, you can see that IP has roughly 10 million tons that are within the scope of this announced increase. 9 million tons of U.S. integrated box business and about 1 million tons of domestic containerboard sales. So the simple math here, given the $40 expectation I referenced earlier, is about $400 million annualized. While we expect to realize $400 million in absolute terms, there are several factors to consider relative to the year-over-year earnings impact. Moving your attention to the graph on the top right, and factoring initial benefits we saw in the fourth quarter, year-over-year exit rate U.S. box prices remain below fourth quarter 2015 levels. As we report quarterly in the appendix, North American box prices on average are down $18 per ton versus the fourth quarter 2015. Largely due to the impacts related to the $15 per ton index reset in early 2015 and normal erosion we see prior to our October increase. So, roughly half of the expected increase benefit essentially goes to price restoration and, considering the rising OCC cost escalation trend, another material portion of the increase just covers this headwind. All that said, the increase execution is moving along smoothly and we expect full implementation by the end of the first quarter. Okay, now on Slide 14, I’d like to turn to our newly combined business, Global Cellulose Fibers, which beginning with this fourth quarter release will be reported on a standalone business segment. As you can see on the map the combined business has a solid fleet of mills strategically positioned across the southeast U.S. along with a couple of specialized processing facilities in Mississippi and Poland. In addition we have acquired a highly capable and competitive northern softwood craft mill in Alberta, Canada. So in total, IP’s Global Cellulose Fibers business has a combined 3.6 million tons of capacity for softwood and fluff pulp, as well as other specialties applications and is extremely well positioned to serve our global customers in these attractive and growing segments. Looking forward, given our current fixed utilization depicted in the pie chart in the top right, there are significant product mix upgrade opportunities to fluff and our specialty products, as well as installed incremental fluff capacity post our Riegelwood conversion to grow with our customers’ increasing demand. So, with this exciting combination, IP could not be better positioned to take advantage of this very attractive global markets. On Slide 15, just as some background, I’m taking a closer look at global fluff pulp markets, we have a nice mix of both established and higher growth emerging markets geographically and a wide range of products with different levels of maturity in the marketplace. So for example, North America and Western Europe continue to grow in line with expecting population trends while emerging markets like Asia, Latin America and the Middle East will drive most of the growth rate expected to be 4%. Primary applications for fluff pulp are spread between baby diapers, feminine hygiene and adult incontinence products and with our additional capabilities of the Weyerhaeuser system, we have the technical and human resources, as well as the manufacturing capacity, to drive innovation and product development in to other high value specialties in the pulp space that will provide further growth opportunities beyond those reflected here. Okay, turning to Slide 16, and taking a look at our pro forma results for the combined business, there was a significant reduction in earnings from 2015 to 2016. This was primarily due to two factors. One was the costs associated with the Riegelwood conversion and ramp-up in our Legacy business, which amounted to roughly $80 million in 2016. The other is price and mix erosion which was experienced evenly across both Legacy businesses as both softwood and fluff prices came under pressure in 2016. Further, IP saw the negative mix impact associated with Riegelwood capacity which ramped up our market softwood pulp in the second half of 2016 as we were working toward fluff qualification with our customers. So a negative mix effect there. The outlook for 2017 is a mix of both favorable and timing related unfavorable items with a slants to positive. To the upside we have expected demand growth, the synergy opportunities, and our recently announced price increases for softwood and fluff pulp products. But, clearly exit rate prices for 2016 were lower than average prices for the year and the large extended average in capital investment project underway at the Port Wentworth mill had a significant cost impact in the quarter. With that said, this large project to upgrade the recovery boiler, turbine and power system at the mill has attractive energy savings benefits and we’ll enjoy those, following completion, for years to come. On 17, back to the integration, you can see the synergy opportunity and associated timeline for realization of the newly combined businesses. There are three major buckets of synergies, overhead, commercial mix improvement, which are both fluff and specialty opportunities, and a large bucket of manufacturing, supply chain and sourcing opportunities that we will leverage. Looking at the chart on the right, you can see the expected ramp-up and run rate targets for year end 2017 and 2018. We expect a run rate of $100 million in synergies by the end of this year adding approximately $50 million to earnings for 2017. One-time costs will be treated as special items and are expected to be around $85 million of which about half were expense from December and the balance will be spread over this year and next, all will be treated as special items as I just said. Related to synergies, we know how to do this. We’ve done it before. The teams are off an running, have line of sight to the target and we’ll work hard to exceed expectations. Turning now to the consumer packaging business on Slide 18. We had a light quarter as we saw continued price pressure in elements of the folding carton segment and on plate stock along with seasonally lower volume. Operations were as expected, but costs were higher due to seasonality. Planned maintenance averages were also higher given the plan [indiscernible] average. Now moving to Printing Papers, Slide 19. As we said earlier, given the new Cellulose Fibers segment, reporting for paper beginning this quarter will no longer include pulp. In terms of results, price mix was impacted primarily by higher export sales out of North America. However we experienced good volume mainly due seasonally stronger volume in Brazil. Operations and costs were negatively impacted by a challenging operational quarter at a couple of our European mills, Hurricane Matthew in North America, and seasonably higher operating costs and higher medical claims in the quarter that I mentioned earlier. Planned maintenance outage expenses were higher in the quarter and we experienced some unfavorable FX impacts in Brazil due to the strengthening house. Now moving to Ilim on Slide 20, the JV had another strong quarter capped off what we consider a great year. All three mills set production records for both periods, the quarter and the year, and strong demand primarily in China led to higher sales volume in the fourth quarter with total volume up a little over 5% for the full year. Looking to the first quarter, JV expects modest pulp price improvement to be more than offset by normal seasonality, resulting in lower sales volume and higher input costs primarily wood. Additionally, the board of directors at the JV has authorized a cash dividend to be distributed in March of which IP will receive $100 million. Moving to the balance sheet on Slide 21, IP experienced a step up in leverage ratios in 2016 as you can see, primarily due to increased debt taken to facilitate the pulp business acquisition but also impacted lower EBITDA performance. Our pension gap decreased by $200 million as we made voluntary contributions totaling $750 million in the year, some of which was offset by a 30 basis point decline in discount rate by the end of the year. However, the discount rate did improve significantly in the fourth quarter as we exited the year versus prior quarter trend, so really better than it could have been. The additional debt taken on this year largely to fund the acquisition, was done [indiscernible] tranches at an average interest rate of 0.7%. Our plan as we work to pay down debt to restore leverage ratios in line with our target within the next two years will be to take out new debt. Okay, matrix and before I speak to the specifics regarding outlook for the first quarter, I’d note that given the evolving situation at Pensacola, our matrix does not reflect any of the impacts associated with the mill interruption but I will speak more to that following this slide. So back on Slide 22, starting with price and specifically we expect to see significant benefits from implementation of the North America price increase in both domestic containerboard and U.S. box in the range of about $70 million. For volume, additional shipping days in North America will be largely offset by a lower daily shipping rate and we expect earnings from the additional volume from the first full quarter of the acquisition in Cellulose Fibers to also be offset by normal seasonal decline in Brazil, so net-net, flattish in this volume bucket. Within operations and costs, the non-repeats of the impact from the one-off items from the fourth quarter, remember the hurricane, LIFO, and medical claims, are expected to be a benefit of $30 million for packaging and $20 million for papers in the coming quarter. So the red that jumps off the page are our plans – our underlined plans, maintenance outage expenses in the quarter, which would be $102 million higher sequentially, so really just timing along with the addition of outages associated with our expanded Cellulose Fibers business. Input costs are expected to increase primarily across North American operations by $40 million versus the fourth quarter driven largely by OCC and natural gas. And finally, relative of a couple of the items in the other categories, we’re expecting a higher tax rate in Q1 around 33%, so back to a more normalized level. And results at the Ilim JV are expected to be lower primarily due to seasonally lower volume and seasonally higher input costs. So, turning to Slide 23, let me provide a brief update on the Pensacola mills digester incident which occurred on the evening of Sunday, January 22, and for those of you not familiar with the digester, it’s a large pressurized vessel that cooks wood chips, turning wood chips in to un-bleached Cellulose Fiber. And relative to this incident, the vessel – the digester vessel failed, causing separation of its top and associated damage to the adjacent powerhouse due to flying debris. At the instant of the failure, the pressurized content within the digester, primarily raw pulp, water, and pulping mister, were released to the surrounding areas. Thankfully not a single person at the mill was injured. And of course, our immediate response was to ensure the health and safety of our employees, contractors, and neighbors, in and around the site. We accomplished this and shortly after, the following day, a unified command was formed including representatives from the Escambia County Health Department, the Florida Department Environmental Protection, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, as well as International Paper. The unified command took full control and led the development and execution of plans to clean the impacted areas and to address community concerns. At this point, we have already made significant progress on the cleanup and will not stop until the area is restored. In terms of our progress towards bringing the mill back to an a operating state, earlier this week we restarted the powerhouse and resumed partial operations of the pulp line, which is supported by a different set of smaller batch digesters. Today we continue to ramp up production of fluff pulp and expect to be fully online by the weekend. Relative to containerboard though, repairing the damage continuous digester will take some time. And while we’re working toward a firm estimate, what we do know now is that startup will not take place in the first quarter. So, we’ll continue to use our extensive containerboard mill network to meet customer needs over the next several weeks. As you can appreciate, just 10 days post the incident, it is difficult to estimate the full financial impact, as well as the timeline associated with this situation. With that said, we know there will be major costs incurred. In this quarter and beyond and at this point we expect the total impact to be in excess of $50 million. This will not be a special item. But we do have property damage and business interruption insurance that we expect will cover a significant portion of the costs. Relative to our insurance, we will have a deductible up to $20 million which you can say, essentially, that’s a cap on our exposure. With that said, timing of the insurance recovery will be uneven and there will likely be some lag associated with getting our claims covered. Net-net we see this all trued up by year end. Finally, the changer digester, which was the primary equipment impacted, is fully depreciated so no write-off will come with at least this primary piece of equipment. So, given the evolving nature of the situation, we commit and plan to provide a more specific estimate of timing and costs publicly before the end of the quarter, so more to come on this. Lastly on Slide 24, here we have some of the key financial metrics we normally provide to build a picture of our planning assumptions for 2017. CapEx will be higher at around $1.5 billion which includes the expanded Cellulose Fibers business, approximately $100 million of the delta, as well as the mill conversion in Madrid. We expect 2017 depreciation also to be up to roughly $1.4 billion including $140 million of depreciation carried over from the recently acquired pulp assets. Interest expense is impacted by our hard debt profile and corporate items and our effective tax rate will stay within normalized levels into 2017 based on what we know today. Also given the escalating input cost backdrop, we have included our current view relative to this impact year-over-year in the range of about $180 million to $200 million higher in 2017. And as this item we see this as directional only as we note that there’s more likely incremental risk as many of these items are already looking to be pushing the upper end of the range. So with that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. What I’d like to do on the last slide of our prepared remarks is wrap up with our focus for 2017. We expect, as I mentioned earlier, to continue the trend of strong cash generation and returns above our cost of capital. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, given what we know today and the catalyst we have in play, we have line of sight to grow full year EBITDA by 10%. We have great opportunity to integrate our newly acquired pulp business, drive synergies and improve our overall mix. The acquisition brings us great people, best in class assets, and second to none capabilities. Together with IP’s business, we’ll create significant value for our customers and shareholders over time. We expect higher earnings in our North American Industrial Packaging business, due to benefits from the previously announced price increase, growing demand from our customers, and our own internal improvement initiatives. We also expect to improve margins with continued strong operations and extensive cost reduction efforts across many of our other businesses. Everything is on track for our planned conversion of the Madrid mill in the second half of the year, which will enable a better offering for our customers and earnings improvement for our European Industrial Packaging business. The Ilim JV is well positioned for another strong year of performance. And with the strong free cash flow that comes from all of this, we’ll continue to allocate capital to create value with a near-term focus on debt reduction. I feel good about how International Paper’s positioned and the opportunities we have in front of us that we’re working on. And with that, like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning and best wishes to Carol and Glenn in your transitions. In terms of box shipments I was wondering if you’d give us color on how those trended in the first weeks of January, and then given the outage in Pensacola, I was wondering if you could talk about how comfortable you are with your inventory levels? And if you could give any additional color on what steps you’re taking in your system to meet customer needs.
Tim Nicholls: Hi, Anthony. It’s Tim. On box shipments, January was pretty strong for us. We don’t have final numbers just yet, but absolute we think will be somewhere between 4% and 5% and roughly flat on the daily. So everything that we saw in the fourth quarter kind of continued over into January. In terms of Pensacola, obviously, first of all, we’re fortunate that we’ve got such a great team and we’ve got such a really good manufacturing system for containerboards. So we’ve got one mill down. Our inventories, I think, we had told you in the fourth quarter, were tight and we’re already managing a very complicated supply chain. Having said that, we’ve got tremendous flexibility in the system we have. And so we’re looking at all our options as to how we accommodate the capacity that we need and make sure we keep our customers with product. I don’t think that’s going to be a problem in the first quarter. So, we’re lean and we’re running hard but I think we’ve got a lot of options around the other 15 mills in the United States to make sure that we’re meeting all of our commitments.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. And then regarding the first quarter outlook for Cellulose Fibers, you’ve got a headwind from higher outages and some higher costs but you’ve got also the Weyerhaeuser acquisition and price hikes and synergies. I guess my question is, would you expect that business to be profitable in the first quarter or maybe closer to break even following the loss in 4Q?
Jean-Michel Ribiéras:
– :
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of BMO.
Mark Wilde: Good morning. First question is just, if you look at where you stand at the end of the first quarter, from a price cost standpoint in the containerboard business, the benefit of the autumn hike and then the increase and kind of costs that we’ve seen over the last six to nine months, are you going to be ahead or behind where you were, say, last spring?
Tim Nicholls: Hey Mark, it’s Tim. We’ll be behind from a margin standpoint, I think price increase, as we exit the first quarter, will probably have 85% to 90% of the price increase implemented and we expect a full realization, the offset obviously is the pressure that we’ve seen with input cost.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right and then as a follow up, I just have a trade question. I just noticed that Brazil has raised its import duties on fluff pulp from 4% to 14%. It looks to me like this is an attempt to allow [indiscernible] in the kind of ramp up its new fluff pulp mill and enter the fluff market. And I just wonder from kind of a trade standpoint, is there anything you can do about this? You’re the biggest pulp producer in the world and it seems like the government down there is just trying to help kind of the Brazilian producers enter this market, by kind of providing them a closed market for a little while with this tariff.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras:
–:
Mark Wilde: Yes, I guess, my point is just – you’ve tied a lot of capital up in the fluff pulp business and this is pretty clearly an attempt kind of prime the pump for some new entrance.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: For us it’s not a big market in top of that in Latin America. So, just specifically if you asked us to -- we’re not expecting a big impact on the [indiscernible] So I understand on the context. But on the reality of the numbers, it’s [indiscernible] a very, very small impact.
Mark Wilde: Okay, great. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I just wanted to follow up to make sure I understood, Tim, your comment that margins would be lower at the end of the quarter, going out of this quarter, than they had been last spring. That puzzled me a little bit. Maybe you could just clarify. I assume what you were talking was that the impact of the prices falling at the beginning of last year, combined with the cost inflation would offset or outweigh this single-pipe increase. I just wanted to make sure I understood what you’re saying.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think that is right, Mark. Looking at it year-over-year you remember the price was published down in January. But that had a bit of a delay as it rolled in based on contracts. There’s a lot of contracts that get impacted, and then we had more favorable input cost in the first part of last year than certainly we had at the end of last year and that’s continued into the first quarter of this year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. On Pensacola, just one clarification, too. Does the $50 million number you threw out there and for that matter of the way business insurance coverage would work. On the opportunity cost of tonnage that didn’t get produce that you were making money on. Is that included in that 50 million and how would that get treated by insurance if at all?
Glenn Landau: Again that that $50 million is an estimate and that’s a greater than $50 million, but to your question, Mark, this is Glenn, yes, business interruption, lost sales, mix, freight all those factors would be covered by insurance after the deductible.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey, guys. First off congrats Carol and Glenn in your new role and Carol it’s been a pleasure working with you. My first question was really around your 10% EBITDA growth target mark. Was that off of a pro forma base on an apples to apple bases with Weyerhaeuser acquisition and does that account for the impact from Pensacola?
Mark Sutton: Philip, hi. The 10% comment is including Weyerhaeuser, so that’s one of the catalysts that I mentioned. And then the improvement in the rest of the company, those two put together, we have line of sight. I haven’t factored in a big piece of Pensacola based on Glenn’s comment on what we think it might end up being net, net given the insurance and all of that. But no, it was pre Pensacola and it included Weyerhaeuser.
Philip Ng: But just to be clear, the 10% base, 2017 versus 2016, does the 2016 number include Weyerhaeuser on a pro forma basis, or is that just…
Mark Sutton: No, it’s from an actual – closed on the deal in December so we didn’t have any Weyerhaeuser number in our 2016 results. So, it includes Weyerhaeuser going forward.
Philip Ng: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, I guess, on your consumer packaging business, I guess, there’s been some continued pricing pressure on the folding carton side of things. Can you talk about that dynamic, how you’re thinking about pricing going forward and are you starting to see that stabilize in light of potentially some concerns from imports on the FPB site? Thanks guys.
Cathy Slater: Hi, this is Catherine Slater. Clearly we’re monitoring but this is the first year we actually have seen any meaningful decline in our ability to export, but overall with the changes we’ve made internally with Riegelwood, we’re very pleased with the mix we have and feel like we’re very well positioned with our current footprint. And our focus will be really on what we can control which is operating wells, managing our costs and also meeting our customers expectation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question and again best wishes to Glenn and Carol. Again, thankfully that no one was injured at Pensacola, but I wanted to ask some questions around that or a question around that. Can you talk about at this juncture what the lead times would be required to restore the continuous digester back to its pre incident state? And do you expect that on an interim basis you might be able to use some of the batch digesters that you use on the fluff line to produce Containerboard? And then the related question would be, Tim, I think in answering one of the other questions, I forget who asked it, you said you should be able to fulfill customers’ needs on products through the first quarter. Did that suggest that as the year progresses, if you maintain this level of progress as we get in to seasonally higher periods that you might have more challenges with that? I just want a little bit clarity on those two things. Thank you, guys.
Mark Sutton: Sure, first on the first part, you know, what Glenn covered earlier is really the estimate we have at the moment. We’re pretty well convinced that we will not be starting back up in the first quarter, so the start up will fall outside. We’ve got more work to do only being 10 or so days in to it.
George Staphos: Sure.
Tim Nicholls: Now, we feel comfortable with our exact estimate, but I think as we go through the quarter, we’ll know that and we’ll be able to update everyone accordingly when it happens. And to your question on batch, it’s not our plan. Our focus is getting the continuous digester back up and getting the line back up the way it’s configured to run. In terms of customers, you’re right. I don’t think we have any expectations at this point in customers in the first quarter. A little hard not knowing exactly the estimate as we go out in to the second quarter, but at the moment I think we’ll be okay. We’ve got any number of options in terms of how we can manage the system and we’re exploring all of those and starting to put plans in place. So I’m pretty confident the team is going to respond very well and I think we will be in good shape. And if anything were to change in a material way of course we would update.
George Staphos: Tim, I appreciate that. If I could just ask a quick follow-on just for clarity, I mean, lead times on some of this equipment can’t be three months, right, I mean, some of this would likely take a couple of quarters. Is that an inaccurate statement? Again, any color you can provide would be helpful. Thank you, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I’d just say for, I think the extent of the damage we have and those pieces of equipment I can’t tell you when it will happen. I know it won’t happen this quarter, but we don’t have any indication that it’s going to be in the second half of the year that we’re still working on this. I think we’ve got the ability to replace the equipment that was damaged in a shorter timeframe.
George Staphos: Understood; thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman of Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning. Just going to ask – can you give some perspective on OCC, what you think has been driving it and are you seeing any signs of leveling off or stabilization?
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Gail, it’s Tim. Yeah, I mean, it’s a little bit difficult to know. I think some of the things you’d look to be the usual suspects. China demand has been stronger. We do know that during the course of the last year, there were some disruptions in Chinese internal OCC recovery because of floods and production issues and other things. So, here in the U.S., generation, [indiscernible] the issue and I know people have mentioned the impact of e-commerce and supply chain seeming more fragmented in terms of box collection recovery. I think the big question though, not knowing exactly where it will go as we leave the first quarter and go in to the second. The big question in my mind centers around China and how close they might be to practical recovery limits of internal OCC to the country. And if they are starting to bump up against that, then their OCC demand will have to be filled from other parts of the world.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, and just are you seeing it in the short-term? I think there have been some reports that China prices are kind of leveling off. Is that translating in to the U.S.?
Tim Nicholls: Well, we haven’t seen anything as such. And you have to keep in mind, Chinese New Year and the impact. I don’t think we’ll know. There was fairly heavy buying, ahead of trends, and you’ll have to see what happens when they come out of the holiday and machine starts starting up again.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And can you give us some broader perspective on demand; obviously you’re seeing fourth quarter trends carry in to the first quarter but some broader perspective on what you’re expecting in boxes for 2017? And maybe specifically touch on what you might be thinking about for California Ag in the short-term and medium-term just given all the weather out there?
Glenn Landau: Yeah, this is Glenn Landau. Certainly, the rain has helped. There were some pretty easy comps though. So you have to keep that in mind, but we saw a strong performance in our agricultural segment in the fourth quarter. No reason to believe that it won’t be strong in 2017. Just from a segment standpoint, we also saw process foods recovering. Our fourth quarter was pretty good on that front. Protein, which after coming of a couple years of issued that various segments approaching were working through. We saw the beginnings of recovery there as well. And so we’re in the midst of updating models for 2017. I think everything we’ve seen so far were still kind of in the 1%, 1.5% range and really haven’t seen anything that would make us think it’s going to be less than that.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover of D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks, good morning and congratulations everyone. First of all on Pensacola, we understand that Containerboard is offline for the first quarter, but given the margins are better in the Containerboard. Could you run the machine slow motion with the batch digesters in the long run or is it just too much of a mismatch in machine size?
Tim Nicholls: Well, I’m not technical expert, but I think there’d be a lot of plumbing and rerouting of things. I don’t think it’s the most efficient thing for us to do. The best thing for us to do is focus on getting the fluff line up and running. We have commitments to customers that Jean-Michel could talk about, so we’re going to work on that as priority and then get the continuous digester up and running as efficiently and quickly as possible.
Steve Chercover: Got it. And just my quick follow-up, we know you’re about a third of the overall domestic Containerboard market. If I recall, you’re about 50% of the Amazon’s supply. So can you just give us a little update on just how quickly e-commerce is growing versus traditional box?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I don’t want to comment on any specific customer. We service a broad range of online and distribution customers in the space. It’s growing rapidly. I would say fourth quarter I think we’re up over 10% just e-commerce distribution combined and we expect that term to continue.
Steve Chercover: Great, thank you, Tim.
Tim Nicholls: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. A while back we heard a lot about the changes of postal ridge to take in to account volume. Can you tell us how that’s playing out now that you’ve been through a holiday season and whether you think it’s going to continue to shift a lot? We’re not seeing it in my house as my boxes are all coming in and they’re mostly air.
Mark Sutton: Mark, hi. This is Mark Sutton. We have not seen big impact. I think part of the calculus on that is the total cost of the delivery and the need – some of the online shippers to value propositions as we’ll get it you quickly and there is always a trade off on labor cost and supply cost versus a little bit of waste in the box and the volume pricing. So I think markets tend to find an efficient solution and obviously I think in the future, we will have less air in the boxes, but I believe right now its trade off of postage and all the other cost it takes to pick and pack and ship and get it to customers right away. But I think any time we’ve seen inefficiencies over time in a product or supply chain, you tend to sort them out. And we work on that all the time proactively.
Mark Connelly: That’s super helpful. And just one quick question, you mentioned the pick up in volumes in your Brazilian white paper business. I wonder if you could give us a little bit more of a sense of local demand and the supply demand balance down there.
Glenn Landau: Hey, Mark, this is Glenn. Yes, the fourth quarter is seasonally the strongest quarter for Brazilian paper. What happens there is essentially that’s the build for the new school year that starts in the southern hemisphere and essentially in late January after Carnival. So, it’s a build for that demand pull. Net, net though it was just seasonal demand while we saw some signs of growth in the third quarter, this is going to be a slow recovery in Brazil. We’re not seeing or feeling incremental demand associated with recovery at this point and I think that applies as well to packaging. So at this point in time steady, not going backwards, but no real economic driven demand growth.
Mark Connelly: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Mark, on the comment about a line of sight to 10% EBITDA growth, would you say that’s the bottom end of the range of expectations you have for 2017 and if so you know what things could maybe go right that isn’t in that 10% number that could drive it a little bit higher?
Mark Sutton: Yeah, I wouldn’t think about it as the bottom end of the range. I think it is a reasonably good line of sight to what we know now based on what we have in our economic projections what we see coming out of 2017 which has been discussed a little bit, rising Containerboard and box prices still very strong robust demand, catalyst for the Weyerhaeuser acquisition and our own internal target for improvement that aren’t always commercially related. So, I would say it’s more of a – as we sit here on February 2nd with a reasonable set of outlook assumption, it seems like something we have line of sight too. So maybe that’s a long-winded way of saying it’s a mid case but I think we feel pretty good about being able to do that, again given some of the specific catalysts we have.
Brian Maguire: Okay, I appreciate the color there. Just as a follow up, just on Slide 16, you talk about some of the pro forma change in the cellulose fibers, EBITDA. We don’t have the walk like we do with some of the other segments on the EBIT there, but – so I was hoping you could shed some light into what drove the decline there and kind of related to that when you acquired the Waco Weyerhaeuser pulp business. You mentioned about $350 million of EBITDA, obviously it’s lower at this point, but could you give maybe an updated forecast on where that stands recognizing, of course, you’ll get the $175 million of synergies on top of that, but maybe just kind of an update on where that business is now. Thanks.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Hi, this is Jean-Michel looking up on the Global Cellulose Fibers. Let me say that 2016 for books legacy and Weyerhaeuser was a year [indiscernible] especially from the end of 2015 that’s starting to impact the contractor on the year. So that had a big impact on the result of 2016 and probably the starting point of 2017. And then we had an $18 million as you know as Riegelwood starter, so that impacted 2016. How do we see 2017? We see a good demand so far. I would say even stronger than we expected. We are seeing a strong ramp-up of the synergies. So if you take off the 350, which was the target of roughly what we had combined business, we are a little bit above that on a normal cycle I’d say plus synergies. So if we take an outlook of the combined business before synergies and more on what I call a normal price environment, we are in the 350 to 400 to which I will have the synergies. So I know we have the – but we feel very comfortable we are going to get there.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations to Carol and welcome Glenn. Just if I could follow up a second on the last question, just to get up – not trying to pin you to forecast or things of that nature, but if I kind of think of where the run rate should be for the cellulose fluff pulp business, when we think of coming out of 2018 or in to 2019, starting with your 350- ish base and what you had in your existing business and synergies, something with kind of a 600-plus of EBITDA, is that still a reasonable target to think of?
Glenn Landau: Yes, it is. That’s our target actually.
Chris Manuel: Okay, that’s very helpful. With regard to Pensacola, I kind of thinking about the mix and what you have down there that was a place where you were making some board and some fluff as it said. Having the incident, does that potentially make you to rethink what the long-term opportunity or right product to make out of that facility is?
Tim Nicholls: No, this is Tim. I think we like what we have especially on the Containerboard side, the fluff pulp operation figure as well.
Chris Manuel: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached the allotted time for questions. We do have time for one final question. It will come from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Great. Thank you and best of luck to you Carol, and good luck Glenn; good to hear your voice again. Question I had was looking at the consumer packaging business, which is I know have been kind of gradually eroding for a number of years and it’s a very competitive business. Away from you, there’s been more and more consolidation. And I didn’t know what you thought about that, especially the last move might actually affect some of your cons given that I don’t think you do much converting. And so could you just talk a little bit about how you see the strategic importance of that business and should there be any change?
Cathy Slater: Chip, hi. This is Cathy. I’d say that yes there is clearly been actions that we’ve taken ourselves looking at what the future would look like with the change at Riegelwood, but not sure how much you’re aware of that. We do actually supply a lot of our own packaging material into foodservice and we see a good customer support for that business with some really major customers. And with our other product line that leads Texarkana and Augusta facility; those are some areas that we are continuing to work to find good high volume homes for that. But at this point, like I said earlier, our focus with the change in footprint is on making sure that supply chain is healthy and able to meet the customers’ needs in a safe and a way to add value back to IP.
Chip Dillon: I see. I meant not converting cups. And then this last quick follow up, Glenn, do you expect to need to make, if interest rates stay where they are, would you expect to need to make another pension or would it be desirable to make another pension contribution this year or next?
Glenn Landau: Well, Chip, as you know, we’ll keep all our options open, but we do not have any required pension contributions in either one of the years you’ve referenced, but not this year or next.
Chip Dillon: I see. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. I will now turn the floor back over to Jay Royalty for any additional or closing remarks.
Jay Royalty: So, thanks, everyone. That wraps up today’s call. I appreciate you joining us this morning. And as always, Michelle and I will be available after the call to answer additional questions. Our phone numbers are on Slide 26. And with that, have a great and safe day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude International Paper’s fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - International Paper Co. Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co. Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co. Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co. W. Michael Amick - International Paper Co.
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn it over to Mr. Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Thank you. Good morning and thanks everyone for joining International Paper's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2016 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide four provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning to review our third quarter results and our fourth quarter outlook. I'm going start on slide five. International Paper delivered an overall solid performance in the third quarter beginning with strong free cash flow of $575 million. Results in our North American Industrial Packaging business were significantly affected by rising input costs which negatively impacted earnings by $36 million quarter-over-quarter, along with a slightly less favorable mix and modest price erosion which squeezed our margins a bit. We announced, and are in the process of implementing, a domestic containerboard price increase as well as a corresponding U.S. box price increase. We continue to see improved market demand across both our North American box business and our global pulp business. We experienced strong operational performances across our North American, EMEA and Brazil papers business as well as continuing strong performance in our Ilim joint venture in Russia. Also during the quarter, our board of directors approved a 5% increase to our annual dividend in our October meeting moving into $1.85 per share. This marks the fifth consecutive year of a dividend increase since we established our dividend policy in 2012 when the dividend was $1.05 per share. This reinforces our confidence in the strength and sustainability of our free cash flow and our commitment to return a meaningful portion of our cash generation to our shareholders. Relative to the portfolio, we continue to actively work toward being prepared to close the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business in the fourth quarter. We received the European Union's approval last week, and we received Brazil's approval just this week. But we still await a few others that we hope to receive shortly. Also, we've made a decision not to pursue a potential expansion into containerboard in India. And as a consequence, we wrote off a modest investment we had made in land and engineering for a potential site. Continuing with our financial results on slide six, you can see the various key metrics in the table on the slide, and I'll remind you of just a couple of points. The year-over-year revenue decline is primarily due to the divestitures of our Sun joint venture and our box business in China as well as the sale of our Coated Bristols business in North America. As you can see on the slide, IP continues to deliver strong margins in varying economic conditions at 17.6% for the third quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Carol and return at the end to wrap up and move it to question-and-answers. Thank you. Carol?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Taking a look at the bridge from the second to third quarter, you can see that our EPS performance was generally flat. As Mark mentioned, we encountered meaningful input cost inflation in the quarter, primarily on OCC and natural gas. Additionally, we experienced a less favorable box mix along with modest price erosion, predominantly in our North American Industrial Packaging business. These items offset the benefit of lower planned maintenance outage expense of $0.10 as well as a lower tax rate in the quarter which was driven by our mix of earnings as well as some one-time discrete items. Moving to the businesses. Results in the Industrial Packaging segment were negatively impacted by rising input costs and less favorable mix, price erosion and some operational and cost issues, all of which were more than offset -- or more than offset the benefit of lower planned maintenance outage expense. Relative to price and mix, IP experienced a less favorable box mix in the third quarter. Additionally, box prices were down $5 per ton due to the flow-through from the January index change along with modest price erosion. And also worth noting, the average price for our containerboard exports was lower on average in the third quarter as prices stabilized around the exit rate from the second quarter. The negative impact of volume in the quarter was attributable to the seasonally lower volume in EMEA associated with our Moroccan box business. In operations and costs, we had a couple of isolated issues at two mills which have now been resolved. And we also absorbed extra costs in the quarter due to additional overtime that we incurred in our box system to satisfy increased demand. Turning to slide nine and continuing on the theme of increased demand, our box business saw a favorable demand trend throughout the quarter with volume up 1.2% year-over-year. The increased demand was driven by favorable trends across IP's key segments highlighted on the slide. We continue to see robust year-over-year growth in online retail and distribution which is a meaningful segment for our business. IP's customers within the processed food segment have leveled out and are showing some growth as consumer trends continue to shift to healthier product offering and our customers enhance their offering by providing new products to satisfy these needs. Increased production and consumption of beef and pork are driving growth in the protein segment and favorable weather and crop conditions have fueled strong demand in the produce segment. It is our view, at IP, that the improving box market we are seeing is not an anomaly. Even though GDP has been below expectations in 2016, the consumer segments within GDP have been some of the strongest. And at the end of the day, it's consumer activity that drives the majority of box demand. Turning to Consumer Packaging on slide 10, the segment delivered another solid performance coming off a robust second quarter. Price and mix were modestly impacted by a less favorable mix of folding to cup business along with some slight erosion. Operations performed well overall but were impacted by several minor cost items in the quarter, including FX in EMEA and other miscellaneous one-time items in the U.S. Moving to the Printing Papers segment, results across the global businesses were strong, partially offset by another transitional quarter for the pulp business. Papers had a strong operational quarter, particularly in North America. Overall results for the segment were negatively impacted by a strike and other downtime we experienced in India which unfavorably impacted results by about $5 million in the quarter. Relative to price and mix for North America, mix was slightly negative and pricing was flat to slightly positive. We experienced some lower prices in Europe and on our Latin American exports out of Brazil. Overall, pulp business results declined by $15 million quarter-over-quarter, almost half of which was attributable to higher outage costs in the third quarter. And finally, results were favorably impacted by $6 million due to FX benefits, mostly in Brazil. Turning to Ilim. The JV delivered another strong quarter with operational EBITDA of $168 million which translated to IP equity earnings of $46 million. Relatively stable FX throughout the quarter resulted in a slight favorable gain for the quarter. Looking ahead, the JV expects seasonally higher volume to be more than offset by seasonally higher wood costs for the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 13 and moving to an update on recent financing and capital allocation actions we've taken. Early in the third quarter, we completed a debt issuance of$2.3 billion to fund our acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business as well as the voluntary pension contributions that we spoke about on our last call. Additionally, as Mark mentioned in the opening, earlier this month, IP's board of directors authorized an increase to company's annual dividend of 5% to $1.85 per share which marked the fifth consecutive annual increase to the dividend. This is another meaningful move consistent with our policy of keeping the dividend in the range of 40% to 50% of our free cash flow and speaks to our continued confidence in the sustainability of our cash generation as we look forward. Before I move to the outlook, let me recap how we continue to think about capital allocation. It starts with cash from operations, and we think about how we can best leverage every dollar. Beginning with capital spending, you've seen us be flexible in terms of how we think about capital, balancing the ongoing need to maintain a world-class fleet with the realities of the marketplace and what we choose to or can afford to spend in any given year. We also continue to have a healthy pipeline of high return cost reduction projects that we fund at an appropriate level on this basis. From there, we think about the need to utilize and maintain a strong and healthy balance sheet with appropriate leverage and credit rating to give us financial strength and flexibility over time. This includes the need to continue to proactively manage our pension plan as you've seen given the various moves we've made over the last several years. We are absolutely committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareowners as evidenced by the significant and consistent moves we've made to increase our dividend to a very meaningful level. Additionally, we've supplemented this cash to shareholders with opportunistic share repurchases. And we'll continue to thoughtfully utilize this option in the future. While we're doing all of this, we continue to look for select value-creating investment opportunities which fit our advantaged position and advantaged market strategy. These may come in the form of M&A, like the Weyerhaeuser pulp acquisition, or could be more modest bolt-on types of opportunities like the Madrid mill, Riegelwood and our projects within North American Industrial Packaging. Bottom line, we continue to feel that a relentless focus on strong cash generation and a balanced approach to capital allocation is the right strategy for IP to create long-term value for our shareholders. So moving to the fourth quarter outlook. I'll cover the details around the typical seasonal impacts that we see as we move from the third to the fourth quarter. But additionally, we have a couple of one-time non-recurring items that are expected to impact results for the quarter as well. So starting at the top. We expect daily demand to remain strong. However, volume will be lower due to four less shipping days in our North American corrugated packaging business. This is expected to negatively impact North American packaging business results by about $50 million. We expect seasonally stronger volume in the Brazil papers business, along with seasonal demand improvement in EMEA packaging. Relative to price and mix, due to the implementation of the North American containerboard and box price increases, we expect favorable impact in the fourth quarter to be about $20 million. Relative to the North American pulp business, we expect unfavorable impact of about $10 million as we continue to supply additional tons of softwood market pulp into less than favorable market conditions as we work towards qualifying and supplying more fluff pulp out of the new capacity at Riegelwood. Additionally, we expect to see benefits of recently announced and implemented price increases in Brazil papers in the quarter. Moving to operations and other. We experienced disruptions with Hurricane Matthew in October that unfavorably affected our North American businesses, where we have primary mills and significant business on the East Coast. In our North American papers and pulp business, this, along with other normal fourth quarter seasonal cost impacts, are expected to unfavorably impact results by $25 million. In our North American Industrial Packaging business, we will also see the impact of Hurricane Matthew on results. Additionally, we expect to incur a non-cash charge associated with inventory revaluation due to our LIFO accounting convention related to the North American containerboard price increase. These items are expected to unfavorably impact results by $35 million. So, as you think about the fourth quarter, the all-in impact of the one-time items I just covered above, including Hurricane Matthew and the non-cash inventory charge in North American Industrial Packaging, is roughly $45 million that will not repeat after the fourth quarter. Moving to input costs. On top of the impact we saw in the third quarter, we expect to see additional energy costs in North America as well as inflationary pressure on inputs in our EMEA business. We expect the unfavorable impact across our North American businesses to be about $12 million and about $6 million in Europe. Maintenance outage expenses are expected to increase slightly by $7 million. We expect Ilim results to be slightly less favorable due to lower operational EBITDA, along with the non-repeat of the favorable $0.01 FX impact from Q3. And finally, we do expect some modest impacts from the other items as we've noted at the bottom of the slide. So now let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Carol. In closing, International Paper continues to deliver solid performance in a global environment that presents plenty of challenges. As Carol mentioned, we remain highly focused on cash generation, and we're on track for another very strong year. We also remain focused on return on invested capital and are delivering another year of strong returns, solidly above 10%, which is well above our cost of capital. As I think about where we are, how we expect to finish the year and what next year looks like, we are seeing some near-term margin squeeze across many of our businesses as some price erosion has occurred while input costs have turned up. The good news is we continue to execute well and our margins remain strong overall. We also have some upside ahead, particularly in the North American Industrial Packaging business with the price increases which are underway. In addition to that, while market fundamentals for our global pulp business may remain challenged for a while, the Weyerhaeuser pulp acquisition provides real and significant synergy opportunities that we can begin to bring to bottom line as soon as we close the transaction. And while it's a bit further off due to the conversion, our newly acquired Madrid mill provides nice upside in earnings for our European box business. With our continued focus on cash generation and thoughtful approach to capital allocation, I remain confident in our ability to continue to generate meaningful value for our shareholders. And with that, we'll open the floor for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just one real quick clarification. Did you say the impact from the four fewer days, the volume, et cetera, was that $50 million, you said, or $15 million?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Yes, Mark, this is Carol. It was 5-0, $50 million.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: 5-0 then. It sounds like a really big number for a little bit less for -- the impact from fewer days. Is this standard or is there something else going on here, would you say?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: It is standard. I think the four-day delta is probably what's wider than normal. I think if you look back, four days is a big delta. But if you look at the size of our system and the value of our shipments, that's the correct math, Mark.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then maybe if you could provide a little bit more color, you were talking about another transitional quarter in the pulp business. I assume has a lot to do with Riegelwood. Can you explain to us where you are in that process? And how much in the way of costs you're entailing? And when you get to the other side of it, what type of opportunity exists? And I realize this gets complicated by the Weyerhaeuser acquisition also being in process. But if you can kind of isolate the -- what you were highlighting as the transitional quarter for the pulp business.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hi, Mark, this is Mark. The third quarter was the first full quarter that we had operations on the converted machine. And I would say from our capital project planning and our ramp up plan, we're pretty much online. The transitional comment is really, as you know, when we think about fluff pulp, we have to qualify that with each and every customer. And that's what we're undergoing right now. So, in the interim, in order to run the machine and make the fluff trials, we make regular market softwood. And obviously pricing has been a little bit depressed. Demand is good. It's – global softwood's up 4%. But we're selling in – the market pulp into a lower price environment. So, as we get our specialty pulp, fluff and other grades qualified, the mix on the asset will move up dramatically over time. And we are right on schedule with that and expect to be successful in our different customer trials.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So when you get to the other side of where you are, what type of financial impact, if market conditions were similar to what they were in the third quarter, what type of financial upside would there be as you look at that business?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Well, I don't have a quantified number right off the top of my head, but when you think about the delta between fluff and market pulp prices and you look at that kind of margin enhancement, that's where the real benefit would come from. And as you mentioned, Mark, it will be a little bit of a multi-variable situation when we bring on our Weyerhaeuser acquisition, then a big part of the synergy opportunity is maximizing the efficiency of where we make what product. So that'll start as soon as we close the transaction. And that'll put the margin improvement from making the better grades on a little bit of a turbocharger because we'll be moving grades around to the right assets.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I was wondering if you could talk about the pricing impact in Industrial Packaging. If I recall from the last call, I think you said it would be about a $10 million sequential impact. I was hoping you can you talk about the puts and takes there.
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Debby, it's Tim. I think what Carol just called out is we're expecting about $20 million of impact sequential based on the price increase.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I was actually referring to the result in the quarter and the guidance that you gave on the Q2 call.
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, okay. Well, two things. One of it – about half of it was a continuation of the pulp through (22:15) that we saw. And then just normal competitive box contracts and mix had an impact as some of the segments that carry lower margins came through stronger in the third quarter than we were anticipating at the time.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hello?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for all the details. And to Carol, Glenn and Bill Hoel, congratulations to everyone on the next chapters, really have enjoyed working with you all. I guess my first question maybe piggybacking on Debbie teeing up the box price question. Obviously, for your own business, when we look at your business or when you look at it, and you see on the one hand there was sufficient weakness in demand or however you would categorize it to lead to box price erosion. Can you comment, perhaps provide some anecdotes or some quantification in terms of how things strengthen for you such that you're now in the process of implementing your own containerboard and box price increase? And the related question I had on that, and I'll have one follow-on is, when we look at the scanner data, obviously it doesn't exactly map to your corrugated business, but the trends from Consumer Packaging land have not been particularly stellar. How do you begin to reconcile that, guys, from your vantage point, and you have the biggest one in the market, with what's been better containerboard and corrugated demand really over the last couple of months? And I have one follow-on after that. Thank you.
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Sure. Let's take the last question first, George. I think box demand – and it can always change. It's only as good as our forecast. But box demand is playing out more or less the way we have seen it for a while now in the course of 2016. So we always saw it strengthening. Our model was predicting based on economic performance and inputs that we were going to strengthen through the second half of the year. And so we're seeing that. It's a little bit better, quite frankly, than we might have thought. But our experience has been pretty good as evidenced by the numbers that we posted on demand growth. Back to your first question, I think there's a few things to keep in mind. First of all, we don't see the dynamics around this price increase being any – materially different than any other price increase we've ever had. If you look at being down $5 in the quarter, I just explained a part of that is mix, but some of it was the publication down which happened earlier in the year and then also just normal activity. That normal activity has a lag to it, right.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: So some of what's showing up in the quarter is stuff that has already happened, and now it's just materializing. So, when we communicated the price increase to our customers, we were looking at the fundamentals that we saw a point in time, and then our view of how they were going to look going forward. And if anything, I'd say they turned out to be a little bit stronger than what we originally viewed.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that, Tim. And my last one, Carol, I just want to make sure I understood this correctly. I think the one-off items you said for the quarter coming up were $45 million, yet I seem to recall a $25 million and $35 million number. Can you help reconcile a correct – those numbers? Thank you. And good luck in the quarter, guys.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Yes, George. So the delta is – remember, I mentioned other seasonal increases. So the simple way to think about that is the total of $60 million minus the $45 million. That would imply the balance of the $15 million would be other normal seasonal increases from third to fourth.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Okay. Thanks again, Carol, and congratulations. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Congratulations, Carol. It's been a pleasure working with you.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: I guess a question from me, and just back on the box side of things, I mean among investors there's obviously a lot of questions and debate whether or not, how successful you're going to be able to push through the box price increase. But just curious, how much of that pricing there is contractually tied to PPW? And can you give us a sense of how much of your business is up for bid in a given year as the contracts roll off?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Phil, hi, it's Tim. It varies how much is up for bid. Year-to-year, we've seen some pretty dramatic swings. It's just based on length of contract, length of agreements that we have with customers, and then opportunities that we see along the way for either adding to position and renegotiating early or not. So pretty much everything that we have is based on some form of either contract or customer agreement that we have, whether it's completely formal in the way of contract or it's some other type of agreement. So what we do is we go through, similar to every other price increase we've ever had and for the number of customers we have, it comes down to customer by customer across the whole business.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then I think, Tim, you mentioned early just in terms of this implementation, from what you're seeing thus far, it seems like pretty consistent with what you've seen in the past few. Is that a fair characterization?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, I've seen no dynamics or circumstances that would say it's any different than what we've seen in other price increases.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Very helpful. And I guess shifting gears to your consumer business which actually performed pretty well. Pricing is holding up pretty good. Can you provide any color on how backlogs are shaping up on SBS? Any noticeable shifts in the market, either from imports or exports on the bleached board side of things? Thanks. And good luck on the quarter.
W. Michael Amick - International Paper Co.: Hey, Phil, it's Mike Amick. I would characterize the market as kind of okay. As you know, we're kind of heading into seasonally slower fourth quarter. But our volume quarter-over-quarter in Consumer Packaging was about flat. The good news is, is that we're also seeing a little bit of an uptick in food service, both in terms of shipments we saw in the fourth quarter as well as bookings. So we're a little bit optimistic or biased a little bit in terms of what we're seeing. The in-store traffic with food service, since kind of single-serve retail has been a little bit of a headwind this year as you can see reported out with some of the retailers. But overall, we've performed pretty well in that segment and continue to do so.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde with BMO.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. And, Carol, I'd just like to extend my best wishes to you as well. It's been a pleasure.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Thank you, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I wondered if you can just give us any thoughts on sort of CapEx as we move towards 2017? And in particular, I recall a year or two ago, we were talking about some incremental CapEx going into the containerboard mills and I'd like to just get an update on that.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Mark, this is Carol. So let me start that by saying, this year, our CapEx target is $1.3 billion. Our plans for next year at this point are influenced, of course, by the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser cellulose fiber business. So, including that business, our plans at this point are about $1.5 billion of CapEx. And included in that $1.3 billion and that $1.5 billion is the continuation of the implementation of the projects that we spoke about in our North American Industrial Packaging business that Tim and his team are executing against.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Then I just had two quick follow-ons. One, Tim, can you just clarify where you guys stand on containerboard export pricing and whether you've announced anything there, and just what the volume is for you relative to your overall containerboard business? And then, Mike, I noticed that the food service revenues were flat, and I just – I know you'd picked up a lot of cup contracts over the last few years, and I just wondered, is all that played out at this point?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah. Hey, Mark, it's Tim. On export, it's – price is fairly stable as Carol mentioned, on the front end. Demand has been pretty good. This year kraft linerboard exports in total for U.S. producers is up about 2.5%. We look at the demand across the regions, and we say – we kind of expect somewhere between 2% and 3.5% growth. So it seems like it's right in the expectations, maybe on the low side of expectations for growth. For us, it's somewhere between 12% and 15%, it varies. But we look at it as, for our business, what we're doing is responding to what customers are demanding based on their needs. And there's been some changes in trade flows over the course of the past year given the FX volatility. But we see the markets as pretty stable and continuing to grow at what would be an expected rate.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. No price hikes there, right?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: It feels like things have firmed quite a bit. Our supply chain is very tight at the moment. So we're struggling to even keep pace with the demand that we're getting from customers. So, at the moment, things are extending out a little bit in terms of lead times on export orders.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hey, Mark. On your food service question – try to simplify this. It's a little more complicated. But in terms of cups, and I'll speak in terms of the bodies themselves, our overall growth is still pretty positive. So those contracts haven't played out. Our flat revenue is a combination of a little bit of mix that's in there as well as some – a little bit of price decline over the quarter. But that's been relatively small. And the lid side of the business is a little bit down versus the body side. But overall, we're still growing the business.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask one – I mean perhaps this is a silly question, but it's just something I don't understand. I think you referenced $35 million of a non-cash charge related to inventory revaluation as box prices or as the board price flowed through. Can you help explain to me what that is, how that works? I guess intuitively I would have been thinking, kind of would have been the other way around if prices are moving higher.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Yes, Chris, this is Carol. And I'm going to attempt to do this without belaboring this call with an accounting lesson. But it is somewhat of a complicated issue. In simple terms, we run our businesses in a FIFO model, first in, first out. But we keep our corporate books on a LIFO model, last in, first out. And so we keep that, you call it your LIFO reserve, your LIFO balance, which is your contra inventory account, on the corporate books. And basically, you do LIFO because costs go up through time and that's the best way, the best effect to get the best outcome for the company. When you have a dramatic shift, and for us it's around the inventory between our mills and our box plants, we charge our box plants market price. So we're going to move that board into our box business at the higher price. But you do last in, first out relative to your accounting. So you have to balance that LIFO account. The other thing that comes into play is you've got to get that LIFO account balanced by year end. So the timing of this increase coming right at the end of the year causes us to have to balance that account in the quarter. What's most important is non-cash. And in LIFO, when you make adjustments to those LIFO balances, it's non-cash. But due to the way we run our business and our accounting convention, that charge hits us in this fourth quarter. So that's my best explanation. And we can always follow up with more if you feel like you want some more information.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, I think that's helpful. So it's not just what would have been referenced here. It's a cumulative catch-up for the full year as well?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: You've got to get that – what you do is you get that – LIFO has to balance by year end. So, if this had happened earlier in the year, we would have done it through the period of time. Why? It's just kind of unique that it's of a significant size. And of course, the scale of our business makes it significant in size and scale.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's helpful. Follow-up question I had was for Tim. So you kind of referenced that box demand has been playing out, I think it was in response to George's question earlier, that box demand has been playing out kind of as you'd anticipated and is pretty solid here through the back half of the year. As you look forward – and again, fully appreciating this is a very fluid and dynamic market and model, probably. How are you feeling regarding the next, let's call it, 12 months to 18 months? I mean do you still feel that box demand can continue at a point, point-and-a-half sort of pace? What do you think the puts and takes are there?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, 18 months is a little bit beyond my radar screen there. So I'd put it this way. In the moment, looking forward over the next couple of quarters, we feel pretty good. Our model is only as good as what people are saying the next couple of quarters are going to be on any number of economic activity levels. And so it's been kind of in the zone where there hasn't been a whole lot of change to that that would affect the components of the model. So I feel good about the fourth quarter. Seen nothing that should make us feel any way but positive as we go into the first quarter of next year.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I just wanted to talk about North American Industrial Packaging for a minute. Obviously, the volumes are coming in relatively strong. And you mentioned some of the input cost inflation, but I guess if I look at the year-over-year EBITDA bridge, the input costs are relatively flat year-over-year. So just trying to reconcile, I mean when we look at the increase, is this – and you mentioned a lot of tightness in your export markets. Is this more of a supply demand driven price increase relative to a input cost increase?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I think all of those factors weigh on price movements. I would just say this in terms of the year-over-year on input costs, some of this is timing and input started moving up during the third quarter. And the other piece of this, inputs, no question have been a tailwind for the past 12 months or 18 months, but that's recently changed. And I think what may not be as obvious to people looking at our results is the tailwind from input costs did a great job helping us cover normal inflation that we encounter year-in and year-out. And all of a sudden, the tailwind has turned to a headwind. And so the inflation is there and now the input cost rises are there and you get kind of a double impact.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just sticking there for a minute, I think, Carol, maybe you mentioned normal competitive box pressure at least in the third quarter. When I go back and look at the last two price increases in 2012 and 2013, I think there was a period of time there where it felt like the competitive dynamic in the box business had slowed down a little bit and you were actually able to hold pricing on the box side. Did something change over the last 12 months where maybe the box business became a little bit more competitive just versus the post price increase environment?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: No, I don't think so. I think what you've got to keep in mind is that in January – I mean this is always a competitive business, but in January, there was a published down that impacted price and it's been working its way through our financials based on all of the different customer contracts and agreements that we have. And so, if there's a change this year over prior periods, that happened to us early in the year and we've been dealing with it.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one from me. In the prepared slides, slide nine, you mentioned retail and traditional distribution growth. I think you said it was a meaningful segment for you now. Were you referring to e-commerce, and if so, how big is e-commerce now for the total company? Thanks.
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Well, on a relative basis, it's still – it's big. But on a relative basis, it's still small but growing at a rapid rate. And it's not just online retail, it's also traditional distribution. We have exposure across the spectrum and it's been performing very well for us. So that's one positive. The other positive is the protein segment for us, which has been under some pressure over the past couple of years, seems like it is coming back in a more stable way and processed food for us has also been good. So I think it's a mix of different segments.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Yes, and good morning. And, Carol, great working with you, all the best.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Thanks, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: First question has to do with something that's kind of perplexed us a little bit. And that is if you -- we have done a deep dive into the sort of unaccounted for tonnage which averages somewhere 150,000 tons to 200,000 tons a month when you – we get the monthly data, and it seems to suggest that there's been a rather sharp, roughly 200,000 ton drop in what we would consider in transit inventories in the last two months. And I guess if that's true that that would show up in your system with, I guess, lengthening delivery times if that's in fact true. Are you seeing anything in your business that would suggest that there is less out in the field? I'm talking about trucks and railcars. And that's affecting your business at all?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, I think what we've experienced during the course of the year, and it started late last year, was the supply chain working very efficiently and effectively. And so things are flowing through fairly well. And another piece of it that can impact it is just how months end in terms of whether they end on a weekend or not. And technically things have to be unloaded and hit the floor to not be in transit any more. So there's some anomalies month-to-month and just in terms of how the month ends. But our supply chain right now is incredibly tight. So, as I mentioned earlier on exports, we're pushing things out and we're just – we're trying to catch up to what we think would be more sustainable levels of inventory across our system.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And just getting back on the numbers to make sure I understood them. It seems like the impact of Matthew on the non-containerboard mills, I guess that would be Consumer and Paper or Printing Papers, would be $25 million. And then the $35 million refer to just the Matthew and the inventory adjustment in Industrial. Is that correct?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: So, Chip, the $25 million that we referenced was for paper and pulp. And some sub-segment of that was Matthew. So there's some other costs there. And then the $35 million that we referred to – I mean the $45 million that we referred to out of the total $60 million was between the two businesses. So there's some subset of that $25 million is Matthew in paper and pulp.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: And it's not an insignificant number, yeah.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Because it looks like when I added up all those numbers you gave us that is – it's coming up to something like $125 million. And then about $45 million of that is, as you said, one-time, and maybe $80 million of that is – wouldn't be considered one-time, but would be largely seasonal and other things.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: I think that's – you're definitely – that's the right direction for sure.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And then last one real quickly is, I noticed in the data the last two months that while the AF&PA gives us their survey every year, roughly in May, they certainly imply a certain capacity when you divide what they say production is into the operating rate. It looks like that capacity is actually down the last couple of months. And I didn't know if there was anything you're seeing out there that might explain why we just literally don't see any projects financed across the industry to add discrete capacity additions, especially given the fact that demand is growing especially in tons.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Chip, this is Mark. I think the capacity evolution in containerboard, you go back a couple of years with some of the additions that have come on, there's been a mixed track record in the success of bringing that board into an actual box. So I think that weighs on people's investment decisions. I think the market is pretty well balanced. And I think that that's really the reality. You've got more than just containerboard. You've got to figure out a way to get it through the supply chain into a package that's designed for a customer, so downstream converting into value chain. All of those things are important. And so I think right now, we said this two years ago and 18 months ago, that we thought this capacity would play out, be absorbed, some would work, some wouldn't. And I think that's where we are.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, everyone.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Good morning, Brian.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Hey, Brian.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I just wanted to ask about the containerboard economic downtime. It ticked up a little bit from the second quarter. And I presume some of that is just to help support the price increase you have out there in the market. But now that you've gotten the $40 through, just wondering -- presumably margins are going to be better going forward. Just wondering if we can see that tick back down to some of the levels that we saw before 2016, 2015?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, I think the premise of the question is not on target. We run our system based on how we need to optimize our margins and service our facilities. And so tons are not tons. The mills produce a range of products. We need more of some and less of others. And we balance it out and make sure that we're doing the right thing from a cash standpoint and the right thing from a margin standpoint.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. And then just wanted to better understand the timing of the earnings benefit you'd expect from the higher containerboard pricing. I think you referenced a $20 million benefit into 4Q which is obviously less than the annualized impact of it. But do you think it will be kind of fully in your numbers by the end of the first quarter, and so you'd kind of see it in the 2Q numbers? Or how do you kind of expect it to the flow through the numbers?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: I expect it to flow through pretty much on the same pace and track that prior increases have flowed through. So we've got tens of thousands of customers. We've got contracts and agreements with all of them and it will follow the cadence of those agreements. And it's really no different than what it's been in prior times. It's usually pretty fast. It's usually over a couple of quarters, but...
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That helps. And just one last one if I could. I think, just looking at the maintenance outage schedule, looks like it came down a little bit for Industrial and Printing Papers. Just wondering if there's some stuff is just kind of slipping to 2017, or are you just seeing better productivity or maybe lower costs or just what's kind of driving that?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Yeah, Brian, this is Carol. One of the things that we do is we put a plan together at the beginning of the year of what we feel like where – want to execute against and then we work like crazy throughout the year to find better ways to do things and opportunities. And so evidenced by the way Mark talked about the business and the conditions, we've worked hard to find better ways. And yes, some things we've pushed out to – but we feel very comfortable with those decisions. And we feel like we've got a great plan and a good plan for the fourth quarter.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, appreciate it, and good luck, Carol. It was great working with you.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And, Carol, best of luck to you, and thank you. One on -- just follow-up on box demand. I know George asked earlier about the apparent disconnect between CPG demand and box demand. But there's also been a disconnect between industrial demand and box demand. Industrial and CPG are two pretty big pieces of the box market that seem to be flat to going in the wrong direction. So what are we missing in terms of why box demand is doing apparently much better than the broader economy?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, well, I don't know that I can answer that fully. But I would say this, we think that non-durable production is, in part, a good proxy for box demand. But it's not always in the moment lined up exactly the same way. There's been periods where box demand has outperformed non-durables and vice versa. And there's other components of economic activity that actually influence box demand. Some of our demand trends have been things I mentioned earlier, where protein is starting to come back off some depressed levels over the past couple of years. Distribution and online retail continues to grow for us quite well. And processed food has actually been pretty good for us. You have to remember, a year or two ago, shrinking at 3%; doesn't feel like it's doing that any more. So it's not stellar growth, but it's not performing as bad as it has in prior periods. So I think that based on the way we look at how box demand gets driven, it's performing the way we would expect it to in the moment.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Adam, this is Mark.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks – go ahead, Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Yeah, just kind of, one of the views we have in addition to the segment discussion Tim had, if you think back to the GDP number for the quarter and you look at the total, it was very modest. But if you look at the components, the consumer section of GDP was up almost 3%. Those are the kinds of activities by the consumer that drive box demand. Even if they're trading out of a consumer good into a fresh good or other segment, with a consumer component of GDP at 2.8%, it's pretty squared with our mind around why box demand's at 1.5%. There was a lot of negatives on the non-consumer side which netted out a 1.4% GDP. So, for us, it looks like it squares up pretty well.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for that clarification, Mark. And Tim or Mark, just one more – I think, Tim, you talked about your supply chain being quite tight. I think in response to George's question about box price erosion, you were talking about how some of it is a lag from the January cup, but some of it is related to competitive activity. So, if your supply chain is really tight, why would there be sufficient competitive activity on the box side such that you're seeing erosion in your box prices to a fairly meaningful degree?
Timothy S. Nicholls - International Paper Co.: Yeah, and mix was a piece of it too, Adam. And I think just timing. Some of these things get settled as a negotiating point at a point in time that take through to work their way towards implementation. So I mean, to me, we're not seeing anything unusual or abnormal from every other time we've had inflections in pricing. So it feels completely normal to me.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much, Tim. Appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple quickies. First of all, I just wanted to make sure I understood the charges in India. If I understood correctly, you were actually doing some infrastructure development as opposed to just due diligence for a packaging venture?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: No. What that was is we were looking at potential containerboard investments in India. In order to do that, we had to make some investments to secure some potential land for sites. And then we just did some engineering work to model different types of business models, whether it be a recycled machine or whether it included box business or not. So those engineering charges, we didn't build anything. We just did some engineering. And then we had a small security deposit on some land.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then just a wrinkle, please, on the LIFO/FIFO question. And Carol confirmed what we know, which is you're doing transfer pricing at market value. So I guess I just want to know, is it fair to say that the delta in November will remain a $50 a ton or does the PPW print cut that to $40?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Steve, I appreciate the question. But I would respectfully decline to answer the exact transfer pricing in our company. But what I would say, and I'm looking at my colleague Tim, and Bill across the table, we announced a $50 increase for October with our customers and that's the increase that we're out pushing and implementing at this point in time.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning, and best wishes to Carol and Glenn and everyone on their transitions. Just a question on Printing Papers. In the quarter, I think you referenced lower prices in Europe and some of your Brazilian exports. I'm just wondering, has that continued in 4Q? And with paper prices maybe improving domestically in Brazil, are there opportunities to repatriate some of those export tons into Brazil if demand is a little better there?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: Anthony, this is Mark. On Brazil, the majority of what showed up in pricing for export was actually mix of product and geographic mix. So, in terms of the price in a same store, if you will, or same market, it's pretty stable.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, okay. And then just kind of tacking on a general question on Brazil. The 4Q view, I mean, you get a little bit of help from seasonality, but are you seeing any kind of improvement or inflections in Brazilian demand, either paper or containerboard, just from maybe a bit more stronger demand there or a kind of recovering economy at all?
Mark S. Sutton - International Paper Co.: We are. We are seeing some improved demand in our box business. And for our box business had one of the best quarters since we've owned it in Brazil. And so, as the government moves to a more stable situation, I think there's many experts saying it could turn positive in the economy next year, which will be helpful. And on the paper side, demand in Brazil is pretty steady. It's not as high as it was pre-recession and pre-crisis, but pretty steady. And as a follow-up on the question you asked about export, because the Brazil demand is steady, we have announced a price increase for the export business that's effective in the fourth quarter. So that whole system of Brazilian production for Brazil, and then the Brazilian production for the rest of Latin America and the Middle East and Africa and Europe is all – seems to be getting a bit stronger. So we are out with a price increase for the fourth quarter in the export business.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. The pension, I assume what you're showing in the balance sheet is the change quarters, just the contribution. And if that's the case, I was wondering if you could give at least a little bit of insight to how you might – the kind of recent moves in the market since you revalued midyear as well as interest rates might reflect the pension when you reported on your 10-K?
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: Yes, Gail, this is Carol. So just one changed to what we said. We actually had to revalue the pension at the end of the third quarter. Once we triggered the accounting treatment in the second quarter that puts you kind of in a new territory. And if you have any change in the pension, you're required to remeasure. So we actually remeasured in the third quarter. And in the third quarter remeasurement, the interest rates, discount rates, they dropped another 20 basis points. So what you're seeing for that – the gap, you're seeing the positive impact of the contribution and the performance, negative impact from the discount rate. And that'll all be very clear to you when we come out with our Q.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And just a couple of other quick ones. Are you expecting a dividend from Ilim this year? Usually, I would have thought you'd have announced it by now.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: We actually did. We got that dividend, was in the second quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay.
Carol Louise Roberts - International Paper Co.: We announced it in the second quarter. And I think it's – because we do that annual chart, it's not showing up. But it was there. I think it was – what was it? $55 million. But we've already gotten that cash in.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And then just on the storm impact, the numbers that you're giving, I mean is everything in the past at this point? Or are there kind of any potential lingering issues in terms of logistics, customer start-ups or fiber costs down the road?
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: What – the numbers that I gave you is our attempt to capture it all in the quarter. There's some flow-through that's continuing with us which is some fiber costs. And there's some transportation disruption. But most of it is in the rearview mirror. But there's a little residual that'll hang over because clearly that area was just hit so hard and some devastating damage.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And I would now like to turn it back over to Jay Royalty for any closing remarks.
Jay Royalty - International Paper Co.: Thanks everyone for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call. And our phone numbers are on page 17 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. And ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - VP, IR Mark Sutton - Chairman & CEO Carol Roberts - SVP & CFO Mike Amick - SVP, North American Papers & Consumer Packaging Timothy Nicholls - SVP, Industrial Packaging
Analysts: Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities Philip Ng - Jefferies Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Mark Connelly - CLSA Limited Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning, I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jay Royalty: Thank you. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining international Paper's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2016 earnings, press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint ventures, financial information and statistical measures.  With that I will now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Jay. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call and Thank you for your interest in International Paper. I'm going to start on Slide 5. International Paper delivered a strong second quarter with solid contributions from our key businesses across our enterprise, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 17.6% which is 50 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2015. Free cash flow for the quarter was strong at $527 million. Operations performed well and a heavy quarter of maintenance outages was executed very effectively. The recently converted machine at the Riegelwood mill is running well and on schedule with our expectations. On the portfolio front, we completed the sale of the Asia box business and closed on the purchase of the Madrid mill. We have an agreement with Holmen to produce newsprint which they will sell until we start the recycle container work conversion in mid-2017. We expect the converted mill to be up and running in the fourth quarter of 2017. And in early May, we announced that we reached an agreement with Weyerhaeuser to buy their pulp business and we expect to close on that transaction in the fourth quarter. I'm pleased to reported that we successfully completed the lump sum buyout program for our term vested employees in the IP pension plan which we initiated to further derisk the plan, consistent with our balance sheet strategy. Finally, Ilim joint venture delivered another solid quarter of performance and International Paper received a $58 million dividend in the quarter. Turning to Slide 6 and speaking a little more specifically to the financial results for the quarter. Revenue was down year over year, primarily due to the sale of the Sun joint venture in China and the sale of our Carolina brand of coated bristols last year. EPS of $0.92 represented strong performance coming off a solid first quarter. And as you can see in the chart on the right, return on invested capital for the first half of 2016 was solidly above our cost of capital at 10.6%. This is an important metric that we watch very closely because it's a good indicator of whether IP is creating value for our shareholders over time. When we run our businesses well and when we deploy capital in a value-creating way, we see this metric improve. We've had six consecutive years above our cost of capital and we've been on an upward improvement trend for several years. All in all, I am pleased with our performance in the quarter and the first half of 2016. With that introduction, I'm going to turn it over to Carol Roberts to cover the business highlights and the outlook for the third quarter.
Carol Roberts: Thanks, Mark. Good morning. As Mark mentioned, IP delivered a strong quarter at $0.92 EPS, driven by seasonably stronger volume and good operational performance. Prices were lower, as expected and I will put some color on this as we get into the various business segments. We successfully executed a heavy outage quarter that was slightly lower than the first quarter due to less downtime from the mill conversion process at Riegelwood. And results for the Ilim JV were slightly lower than the first quarter, mainly due to planned maintenance outages in the quarter and some modest cost inflation. Turning to the business segment and beginning with industrial packaging, the business had another strong quarter, driven by seasonably stronger volume, good operational performance and some benefit from input cost. These were partially offset by lower containerboard export prices and lower box prices, due to the impact of the January Container Board Index change, Contract renewals and a slightly favorable -- less favorable mix. Maintenance outage expenses were higher as well. The North American system took 85,000 tons of economic downtime in the quarter to match our supply with our demand. Turning to Slide 9, I want to highlight some of the key levers we have within IP's North American Industrial Packaging business that enable us to build upon what is already a great business and make it even better. Our sales teams and designers are working with our customers every day to redesign packaging, leverage innovation and find ways to take cost out,. IP has a low-cost, world-class mill system, along with a vast box and specialty plant footprint with a diverse range of capability. And that footprint serves thousands of customers across every consumer segment. We're always working to improve our portfolio of business and grow with the highest value customers and we have a portfolio of customers and product second to none in the industry. On the manufacturing and supply chain front, our teams are using the most advanced tools and techniques to drive efficiency improvement and cost reduction. And this of course, positively impacts our margin. As Mark mentioned, we're committed discipline and targeted capital investment program, in the right places to maintain and improve this world-class system. For example, over the last few years, we have implemented a couple hundred million dollars of cost reduction projects in the areas of consumption reduction that have IRRs greater than 25%. We continue to have a robust pipeline of these types of opportunities across our broad network. As I said, lots of levers that have contributed to our success and will continue to do so as we move forward. Slide 10, moving now to consumer packaging, the business experienced a much improved quarter, driven by good operation, effective cost management and the lack of maintenance outages. Prices were slightly lower on folding carton and plate stock but this was fully offset by a more favorable mix. Within this segment, our Foods Service business benefited from increased volume as we moved through the summer cold cup season. In printing papers, earnings improved due to lower outage costs associated with the Riegelwood mill conversion, partly offset by a less favorable product mix and lower pulp prices. The negative $11 million in the price mix bucket is fully attributable to the less favorable mix associated with the ramp-up in qualification of the newly converted machine in Riegelwood. Paper volume was higher in Europe and Brazil and it is also worth noting that the significantly lower outage expense in pulp was partially offset by higher planned maintenance outage expense across the remaining paper business. Turning now to Ilim, the JV turned in another solid quarter of performance with volumes up almost 5% year over year. The JV had planned maintenance outages at two of the mills which negatively impacted earnings. FX was generally stable throughout the quarter and as Mark mentioned, IP received a dividend of $58 million during the quarter. The outlook for IP equity earnings for the third quarter is generally in line with the quarter just completed. But I would note that there was a positive gain of $0.01 on FX related to the JV's U.S. denominated debt in the second quarter that we assume will not repeat in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 13, before I move on to the outlook, I would like to give an update on actions we've taken or are planning to take around continued prudent management of IP's pension plan. As we previously disclosed in the first quarter 10-Q, we offered a voluntary pension buyout for term vested former employees. We completed the program and made the associated payments in the second quarter. We paid a total of $1.2 billion to approximately 25,000 former employees out of plan assets, settling the corresponding liability in keeping with our strategy to take risks off the table. A requirement of settling a liability of this magnitude resulted in IP taking a non-cash settlement charge of $439 million or $270 million after-tax for unamortized actuarial losses which impacted our non- operating pension expense for the quarter. Additionally, we elected to make a voluntary contribution of $250 million to the plan in the second quarter. And we plan to make additional contributions of $500 million by the end of the year. Based on our analysis, we believe these contributions make good sense in light of the tax benefits as well as the fee savings and is consistent with our strategy of derisking the plan over time and managing our balance sheet. So, on Slide 14 moving to the third quarter outlook, volume is expected to be mostly stable across the businesses, with the exception of EMEA packaging which will be lower due to normal seasonality in Morocco. Price for the quarter is expected to be lower in North American industrial packaging due to the flow-through effect of the January PPW Index change. This will negatively affect earnings by about $10 million. To a slightly lesser extent, earnings are expected to also be impacted by a less favorable mix in the pulp business as the majority of the tons coming off the new capacity at Riegelwood during ramp-up will be market softwood rolls. All other pricing should be largely stable. Operations are expected to continue to perform well and input costs, particularly energy and OCC in North America are expected to be higher in the third quarter by roughly $35 million. Maintenance outage expenses are forecasted to be lower by about $60 million. IP equity earnings from the Ilim JV are expected to be relatively flat, assuming a stable FX. With this assumption, there would be a non-repeat of the favorable $0.01 gain from FX on the JV's U.S. denominated debt in the prior quarter. And as you can see there are a few other minor items noted on the chart. I would also note that several of the trends we're seeing, as we move into the third quarter, such as input costs are likely to impact the fourth quarter as well. So with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Carol, so before I wrap things up, I wanted to take a moment to touch on the strategic opportunity we announced during the quarter that IP has reached an agreement to acquire the assets of Weyerhaeuser for the pulp business. When we complete the transaction, International Paper will be a premier global producer of fluff pulp, with a strong position in North America and the ability to serve growing global markets. This strategic combination will also provide us with a talented team and superior research and development capabilities, including a valuable patent portfolio that will enable IP to better serve customers and make our combined businesses more competitive and more profitable. The valuation around the acquisition is very compelling and offers an attractive all-in multiple, along with solid double-digit financial returns through real and significant synergies and low integration risk. Again, we're very pleased with this acquisition and the integration opportunity ahead of us and look forward to strengthening this business and the rest of International Paper. Moving to Slide 16, I want to briefly come back to the bigger picture for International Paper as we've evolved over the last 18 months or so. Our strategy is to produce fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper where we have advantage production positions and we serve advantaged markets. When we choose the right products, make them in the right places and serve the right markets and the right customers and when we execute very effectively, we generate the greatest value for our customers and our shareholders. Looking at the recent decisions we've made, I believe our actions in Asia, the improvement in our North American Industrial Packaging business, the investment in European packaging and the opportunity of our Riegelwood Mill conversion and the purchase of Weyerhaeuser's fluff pulp businesses are all consistent with this strategy. So, in closing, I am encouraged how, by how International Paper continues to consistently perform in a challenging and changing global environment. Our focus is squarely on execution, from working closely with our customers to deliver superior value to running and improving our operations, to driving cost out of our system and supply chain, all to maintain and improve margins, as you've seen IP do over the last several years. Our financial discipline is evident from our constant vigilance to maintain a strong balance sheet through the rigorous capital allocation. We're committed to strengthening our portfolio businesses and to increase the value of the Company and ensure an attractive future for IP and our shareholders. Finally, we remain intensely focused on strong free cash flow generation and delivering returns well above our cost of capital to drive shareholder value. With that, I would like to turn it back over to the operator and open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: Carol, I just wanted to kind of come back to the pension item, if I could, for one second. I mean, as you now have this done, it looks like as a chunk that might go out this year, what might we -- how should we think about pension expense for IP, as I think you've got $360 million-ish or so running through this year, how might that change next year in 2017 both for expense and then cash out, et cetera, requirements?
Carol Roberts: So, a good question, Chris, so just one comment, relative to what will flow through the P&L next year from a service cost, I don't anticipate any big change relative to the service course. Of course, that goes through the P&L, as you would expect, again, on the non-operating pension expense, that moves around a bit. I would say directionally, given that we have settled out this current liability related to the buyout, in theory, it should go down some due to that but we won't know until we see how the end of the year comes, how interest rates come out and all the things that goes into that equation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng from Jefferies.
Philip Ng: You guys had a very strong quarter on the operations front on consumer, can you give a little more color on that improvement? Is that stable going forward?
Mike Amick: The operating cost associated with consumer was strong on a number of fronts. We had really good operations. We believe that is sustainable. Part of the cost picture was also the -- not having the Augusta outage which occurred in the first quarter. We don't have any outages in the third quarter as well, so we feel exceptionally confident about our runnability and our performance moving forward. The other thing I would add to this is we have made some pretty good headwinds around our supply chain cost and our cost to serve as well. So I am very encouraged about that in the context of certainly the quarter and our outlook.
Philip Ng: Okay and I guess switching gears a little bit onto your printing paper business. If I look at your heat map chart, it is citing flattish price or a stable price? I would have thought with the increases in the marketplace, you would have seen an uptick. Is some of that being offset by lower pulp prices? Thanks.
Mike Amick: You're referring to the page in the Appendix. Again, this is Mike Amick. Overall, prices are going up in papers and we expect that to continue to happen, as you can expect and would appreciate, mix comes into this thing, freight lines come into this thing from a transaction price standpoint. But overall, our paper prices are moving up. It could be -- it's just a factor of timing, a lot of times, more than anything else, Philip.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: So just first -- actually one follow-up on the paper pricing. So is it reasonable to anticipate that, in the fourth quarter which actually typically though we see something weak for pricing in paper but should we see that the lagged impact and see better pricing in the fourth quarter, assuming no change in the marketplace from where things have trended? And then, additionally, if we could get some more color on what you're seeing in the Industrial Packaging business, an update on market conditions with some reasonably favorable data as of late?
Mike Amick: So Mark, this is Mike again, so to make sure I answered your question, the lack -- you were breaking up a little bit. The lack of what? Which?
Mark Weintraub: Basically, should we be anticipating that the prices would be higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter due to the lagged impact of price increases going through?
Mike Amick: Well, what we're not going to do is really forecast on pricing, as we shared with you in the last call, this is going to be, more or less, a second-half event. We will -- do expect to see prices to move as we kind of move forward. Where we settle out on the fourth quarter, there is still a fair amount of water under the bridge to pass there, so let's stay tuned for that as we report out on for -- the fourth quarter, okay?
Mark Weintraub: Sure.
Timothy Nicholls: Market conditions, so far, I think are roughly in line with what we expected, through the first half, of the year on box. A little bit uneven from month to month, but overall, pretty much what we expected and I think we continue to look at 1% to 1.5% growth for the full year. So, I think in line with how we were thinking about it. On the export side, demand continues to be good for craft liner. Markets seemed like they started to firm as we went through the second quarter so we will have to see how that plays out, but on balance, it feels as expected and pretty stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
George Staphos: I had a couple of questions, maybe first seguewaying a little bit off of Mark's question. So, should we assume that if the outlook is 1% to 1.5% in growth for industrial that, that is what you've been seeing early in the third quarter, Tim? And have you seen any effect at all from Brexit in terms of customer expectations in Europe or even relative to the U.S.? Again, it would appear that we haven't but just wanted to ask that for the record.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, so far, third quarter looks like it's playing out pretty much as we expected. In terms of Brexit, I will just speak for a containerboard, because there is a whole European business apart from what we do here in North America. But we have a very small position in the UK, so from a containerboard export standpoint, we don't expect any significant impact at all.
Mark Sutton: For the Company as a whole, the first order of effect is the Brexit action is pretty minor, given our market positions there. We really don't make any products in the UK. We do serve the market. Second order, I think everybody is still trying to figure that out.
George Staphos: My question is probably more on the second order than on the first order but I understand why there would be a little bit of lack of clarity at this juncture. Two other questions and then I will turn it over. Carol, can you talk a little bit -- or Tim, can you talk a little bit about what additional cost reduction opportunities you might have? What other leverage you might have to optimizing the mills? I think the number that's been cited in the past and again, on this call was around $200 million.  And as you ultimately achieve that, as you look out another couple of years, does it get harder to get increased in improvement -- performance improvements at that level, given that you're already so low on the cost curve? That's question number one and then question number two, just a quickie, can you update us all on any things to be mindful of in terms of the progress and the process with the Weyerhaeuser closing? Thank you.
Timothy Nicholls: I'll just take the first part and Carol can jump in, but I will take the first part of the question around cost optimization. We feel like it's a pretty rich environment. When you've got such a large system, we move, on average, 200,000 tons a week from our mills to our box plants. So, a lot of productive capacity, a lot of supply chain. We've got people working in all of those spaces, looking for value creation, waste elimination-type opportunities, so is it easy? No, it is not easy. We worked pretty hard at it, but I think it's a pretty rich environment for us.
Mike Amick: George, on Weyerhaeuser, as you know, we're going to the regulatory approval process. We've done this a couple of times in the recent past. In our experience, would say things are going as you would expect them to go. We still expect to close in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Year-to-date, we've seen a really large number of acquisitions of independent box plants by some of your competitors. And I was wondering if you could just talk, maybe generally about how that's changed the commercial environment or if it's changed the commercial environment or has it impacted, the ton you sell into the open market? Or have you had to shift your board sales around? Just wondering if you could speak to that. And then in terms of your own integration rate, can you remind us, do you have a target integration rate or a preferred method for growing on integration rate or any thoughts you could share would be helpful.
Mark Sutton: Yes, let me start with the last and work backwards, on integration, we don't have a target. What we want to do is pick the right segments, pick the right customers and where we can deliver value proposition, take great positions and then grow with those customers over time and then it will be what it will be. We like our integrated channel. We like it here in North America. We also like it in the other parts of the world where we ship more to our converting businesses there. So we also like the two other channels that we participate in. In terms of the acquisitions, it hasn't impacted us directly. We haven't had to make any types of shifts and I don't think it -- from my standpoint, it's one opinion but I don't think it has yet had any material impact on the size of the independent market or it's very fragmented. There is a lot of players in that space. So we haven't seen any direct impact caused by acquisitions over the past few years at this point.
Anthony Pettinari: And then just a follow-up, you do have a decent sized presence in Turkey, given the events there. Have you seen any disruption to your shipments or your people there? And are you taking any steps to manage risk into the second half?
Mark Sutton: So, specifically to the events of the past couple of weeks, no, we have not seen any major impact. I think you look at that region of the world and Turkey, because of just where it is located approximate to some of the unrest, we've seen demand -- economy underperform and some diminishment of demand. But overall, it is a very good market for us. We believe in it long term and we manage day-to-day to balance out the risks that we have. But we've still got a sizable presence there and like it very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon, Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: The question I have the first one is on the maintenance situation. It looks like you guys are I guess doing better than you thought you would. If I go back about six months, it looks like your expense was scheduled to be around $534 million for the year. And then in April, that fell to $508 million and now it's down to $462 million for the year. And I didn't know if that was more of a function of deferring or were you finding better ways to do what you'd normally do?
Carol Roberts: Chip, this is Carol and I will take a shot at that. I think it is both. I think we always look to find better and smarter ways to execute outages. I think we're also making choices about what works, do we need to do, do we have some headwinds against our expectations for the year. So Mark has challenged the organization pretty hard about what are some of the options we have. And then we have got a very large global footprint so one mill is -- we don't break it out at the level of detail but there is some work that we have been able to push into the next year with extending outage cycles. So it's all of the above and the main story here is it continues to be an important part of the work we do, vital to our running well, but we're going to spend our dollars very, very wisely. And so I think that's what you're seeing and we'll try to continue to provide the transparency such that you can see how that evolves through time.
Mark Sutton: Chip, I would just add on top of that, it is a strategy for us to get better in this area. So each year, we deploy more predictive tools than we did the year before. And that leads us to making different decisions in where we spend money and what we have to repair versus what we thought we had to repair. And we will continue to get better at that, there is a lot of technology and techniques, precision maintenance techniques and predictive tools that help you work on just what needs to be worked on. And we're getting better at that every year.
Chip Dillon: Okay, good. And one other question, is when I look at the balance sheet, the pension number has risen from about $3.5 billion to a little over $4 billion and I would assume that includes the impact of what you just settled and the $250 million. And so I guess my question is, when we include the $500 million you're going to put in the second half. And if we were to assume rates stay about where they are, would that be a fair number to see on the balance sheet or close to a fair number we should expect to see at the yearend again, assuming no change in rates from here?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Chip and the one clarification which I think I stated but if I didn't, I want to be clear, with this program that we did, it did require a remeasurement of the plan which normally we wouldn't be doing at the end of June. We would remeasure the plan at the end of the year, so the liability that shows on the balance sheet has been impacted by the very low interest rates that hit at the end of the June which was a combination of all kinds of things going on the globe. So a couple of things will happen, one is we will have a half of year of asset performance. We'll have the contributions that go in and we will also remeasure the plan, depending upon how interest rates move from June 30 for International Paper to the end of the year. So, yes, you are thinking about it correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones from Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: A call earlier this week, I think one of your competitors, was asked about the ability to get permitting for craft mill capacity in the U.S. and suggested they didn't think it was really possible or more difficult. I was wondering if you could just give us your thoughts on that because I think it's important, not only for the fluff pulp business, but also longer term craft containerboard mill assets in the U.S.. I think the conventional wisdom has been that, that was impossible.
Mike Amick: Debbie, I think we haven't tried to permit a new pulp mill in awhile in the U.S. so we can't speak from actual experience recently, but we think, just based on some of the things we know about existing mills and the way that you have to operate wood pulping operations, it's a pretty difficult process to imagine happening.
Debbie Jones: And then my follow-up question, just we haven't talked about D&A or CapEx that much on the call. Is the $1.3 billion still a good number for the year for each?
Carol Roberts: Debbie, this is Carol, I think the number is probably trending closer to $1.25 billion and that is a combination of a couple of things. One is we're on unit of operation, so as we run our North American containerboard system, we -- people can -- you can see our utilization of those assets has impacted it. So it has come down a little bit from our original expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn from RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Just a question on synergies with the prospective purchase of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business, just noting that whereas you got the $28 million in cost savings in 2014, $47 million; in 2015, they were targeting $40 million; to $50 million in 2016 so that totals $120 million and you are expecting $175 million. So I'm just wondering where that $175 million, where the major buckets are and is there that much synergy left in the business?
Mark Sutton: I think the $175 million we feel really good about and it's in the categories that we have demonstrated when you put two really good businesses together, you can find it. SO some of it's obviously an overhead, but sourcing and how we buy all the inputs and get synergies there. And big one for this business is supply chain, in bound supply chain, outbound supply chain and probably most importantly, making the right products at the right facility. So that your total cost to serve is the lowest and your total manufacturing cost is the lowest. There's other optimization opportunities but that's really the buckets that will drive the synergies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman from Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman: I was wondering if you could give a little bit of color on fiber cost, both wood and OCC? So your wood costs have been coming down pretty nicely. You seem to be at a couple-year low; is that a trend you would expect to continue and just any thoughts on what has been driving the recent uptick in OCC and do you expect that to continue?
Carol Roberts: I'm going to comment on the wood and then I think I will probably let Tim comment on the OCC. The wood is a combination of effects. It's --have been -- I think we would have described it in years past as stubbornly high which it was above historic levels. For us, it has come down and that's been a combination of weather, of strategy, of inventories, of a lot of things that are going on. So we're pleased to see that. And we're hoping that the current level of wood cost will continue. We've got some concerns about other input headwinds and wood, quite honestly, is not one of the ones that we're anticipating, so a pretty good story on wood and then I will let Tim comment on the OCC.
Timothy Nicholls: I would just say more of a pull from China which is having some impact. You've seen prices in China go up over the past couple of months. Maybe because there is a little bit less generation of locally-sourced OCC in country, but I think this is what we expect, a normal type of variation around OCC pricing as we go through the year. It's going to up; it's going to go down based on generation and usage. Our long term view is that it will continue to rise over time, but I think this is just a normal seasonal type of variation that we're experiencing at the moment.
Gail Glazerman: And just on consumer board, we're I guess four to five months into the start of the MESA board project, been only a week or two into the start of the Kaukau mills but I'm just wondering if you could give some perspective, particularly given your position in the European market, how -- where that board is going and how it is impacting the markets, if at all in any global region?
Mike Amick: I can start here, we know that from an import standpoint, that we've seen imports in North America up, let's call it roughly 10% to 12%. That is off of a fairly smaller base so it amounts to about 20,000 tons and we know that some of the product is here. We haven't seen it at an appreciable level right now, so from a significant standpoint, at least at this state, nothing significant in North America.
Mark Sutton: Gail, I think in the European context, we redesigned our product offering out of our Kwidzyn mill and it's a real specialty, high-end, high-yield board and so the customers we have in the segments we play in, we haven't seen any disruption. I do think that board you mentioned is finding its way into some of the market, but not exactly in the spot that we're.
Gail Glazerman: Okay and just on that, any sense that it's causing a repatriation of exports domestically? Is it fine for global markets?
Mark Sutton: Directly, we've certainly seen some, as you see published, a drop in exports here in North America, particularly around SBS but attributing that to a specific event is a little bit, would be a little bit challenging to do at this stage.
Mike Amick: I don't think we've had a personal experience with our export customers and have made -- closing a position to that particular product, but could it be happening more broadly? I think we'll figure that out, but we haven't had that exact experience.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly: First question is on consumer, that business has now been cut back with Sun and all that and it's now at a point where the business looks pretty good and attractive but the scale is small enough that we're starting to wonder what its significance is. Do you see enough opportunities to grow that business over the next couple of years, whether it is internal spend or M&A, consistent with the strategy that you've laid out? And if you do, is that going to be more likely in the U.S. or elsewhere?
Mark Sutton: The consumer business is still an important business and you think about that strategic framework around fiber-based packaging. It fits squarely in there and we have a niche business, that's no doubt. SBS on the board side and one type of converting but we also have in Europe, a very good, also niche, high-end FBB business. When you take them all together, our challenge internally is to figure out the ways that we can create value by improving those business and/or growing, but when you put the two together and you look at the size of International Paper, they are not insignificant in the size of our Company. The ways to improve -- there are the ways you would imagine, should we make more converting? Should we offer other substrates? That is constantly in our strategic evaluation. And I wouldn't necessarily comment on whether we would do more or do less or more in another part of the world, but the U.S. business and the consumer behavior for these types of products is pretty strong.
Mark Connelly: And the second question, I was happy to see that you highlighted the higher-value pulps beyond fluff that you're going to have in your portfolio. Those have not gotten a lot of attention and of course, IP has some historical experience there. Is that an opportunity, do you expect to try to expand now that you've got this nicer, deeper portfolio?
Mark Sutton: I think, the way to create value in a specialty fibers business is obviously to continue to trade up to the higher value, whatever the product is doing for the customer and some of those higher value pulps provide a tremendous technical value or service. And so, we will have and to the question I got on synergies, we will have enough capacity with the two systems together to really optimize and make more of those higher-value products as the customers that we have need them. So we're excited about that and we will continue, like we do in a number of our other businesses, start with a product mix and a customer mix and work to improve that over time, with more of the higher value mix in the portfolio than when we started.
Operator: Adam Josephson from KeyBanc, your line is open.
Adam Josephson: Tim, just one on your containerboard inventories exiting the second quarter. How would you characterize -- Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I'm here.
Adam Josephson: Sorry about that. Do you expect further reductions over the balance of the year or do you think you've sufficiently right-sized your inventories, if you will, to reflect the current freight and logistics situation?
Timothy Nicholls: I think we made a lot of progress. We were down in the quarter again and look, we try to run a lean supply chain to begin with, so we're managing it real-time, day to day, week to week. And we're making adjustments as we need to. As I mentioned earlier, we moved roughly 200,000 tons a week in board out to our system, so I think we came in lower in the second quarter. I think we have adjusted to supply chain. For the moment, we will have to see what happens. The thing about supply chain is, it doesn't stay static. If you talk to the rails -- the rail companies or their parking cars and trying to make adjustments and so, I think we're nimble enough that hopefully, we see those changes coming soon enough and we react ahead of time.
Adam Josephson: And Carol, just two quick one's for you, just on the EBIT bridge that you talked about. You've got the $60 million lower maintenance but you have the $35 million or so higher input costs and then $15 million or so of lower price mix In North America. Are those the big buckets that you would point us to, just to be clear?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Adam, I think those are the big movers and the big buckets. And I think the one for the second half that will be interesting to see how it plays out is going to be those input costs. Clearly, the outages are pretty clear and some of the commentary we gave around prices, things that we have the line of sight to. So we'll have to see how the input cost evolves over this second half of the year.
Adam Josephson: And just one last one on pension. So after the $500 million of contributions in the second half and given whatever you expect asset returns to be, what do you expect your pension gap to be at year end? And will these contributions that you're making have any impact on your share repurchases? Thanks very much.
Carol Roberts: So, on the pension, I think you can think about the contribution into the pension should definitely contribute toward closing the gap. The big unknowns will be really discount rates and interest rates and I've got to think they should only go up from where they were on June 30 and then asset returns, so it would be hard to speculate on those things but clearly, the $500 million should be helpful. And your second part of your question, Adam?
Adam Josephson: Carol, just given the pending acquisition of the fluff pulp business and given the pension contributions you're making, will that have any bearing on your stock repurchases, either this year or next year?
Carol Roberts: Yes, so, we remain committed to the buyback and as we all know, we have probably a little less than 1 billion left, that said, we've always said that if there were opportunities for reinvestment into the business to create value, that they -- those would be important priorities and with the size and scale of the Weyerhaeuser pulp acquisition, getting the funds to take care of that and addressing our debt profile will probably be our highest priority in the next year or so. So then you could draw a conclusion about what does that mean for the buyback? I think it will depend very much on how things progress, the business conditions we see. I feel very good about our ability to continue to generate very strong free cash flow, so we will have to see how that manifests and unfolds over the next 12 to 24 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover from DA Davidson.
Steve Chercover: So my first question is on free sheet, it doesn't appear that you had any impact from the price hike but I'm wondering if that is a function of mix and should we expect any benefit in the second half of the year?
Mike Amick: Price has been and will continue to move up, there is some impact, as you rightly stated. It centers around mix; it's also timing and so forth. But we do expect to see prices continue to go up.
Steve Chercover: And then secondly, it was kind of a weird press release from the FERC, indicating that you had regulatory approval for the Weyerhaeuser assets. So I'm, A, I don't even know if that was real, but if it is, is that a good precedent for the DOJ process?
Mark Sutton: That is the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We have gotten that approval, but that is a different process than the DOJ process. It's one -- when we say we're under regulatory approvals, that is one of the regulatory approvals. Everybody focuses on the DOJ but there are more than just the Department of Justice.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered, to start off, if we could talk a little bit about what you're doing on both sides of the business down in Brazil right now to improve performance?
Mark Sutton: So, Mark, I will start on the packaging side which is the business that's challenged because of the exposure to the Brazil economy. As I said the last couple of calls, what we're trying to do with that business is improve it from a cost profile standpoint and redesigning the way we're organize from a people standpoint and redesigning the way that we make and supply the containerboard to our box plants. And then, be as strong as we can and perform where we think we can perform in a positive economy versus a minus 4%. That business has the potential to perform much better at a plus 4% and being able to cover inflation with some degree of pricing versus a minus 4% market and being behind the inflation wheel. So what we're trying to do is change the cost structure, make sure we continue to focus on the customers we have, even though everybody in almost every segment is hurting right now and be well-positioned when Brazil's economy begins to pick up. That is what we can control and we're being very careful with any investments and really trying to do, what I would say, is fundamental basic blocking and tackling on the commercial side And on the operational side. On the paper business, we continue to perform very well in that business. Part of it is because it fits squarely into being, if you're going to make uncoated free sheet and be a global provider. That is the place to make it and it starts with the fiber cost structure and our fiber availability. So given our export position and given the fact that the paper market in Brazil hasn't been hit as much as some of the consumer product markets that hit the box business, we're continuing to perform well and it is part of the same story, is getting our cost even lower and making sure that we go the extra mile to take care of our customers, both in Brazil and outside of Brazil. And we still have some of the strongest EBITDA margins in all of IP in our Brazil paper business.
Mark Wilde: Just on those margins, Mark, one time when Champion had that, those margins would be in the 35% to 40% range. Is there any prospect of those returning, do you think?
Mark Sutton: I think if you take the recent past, we've been in the mid-30%s on several quarterly reports and if you look at the FX impact that has occurred over the last couple of quarters, if you just strip that out which you can't, but if you did, you would back into the low 30%s. It is a 30%-plus EBITDA margin business over time.
Mark Wilde: Okay, all right. And then I just had a follow-on for Tim Nicholls. Tim, you've taken a little over 600,000 tons of economic downtime in containerboard in the last four quarters. Should we think about IP going forward as just being willing to carry that much flex in the system?
Timothy Nicholls: I don't want to quantify and said there's going to be X number of tons but there is going to be some amount of system flex that we actually need. We're managing a system that is huge and just normal seasonality. The way we run our supply chain and the way we try to service customers and our businesses, we believe that we're better off flexing over time than trying to cover it with positioning inventory. You always get it wrong. So we will have some amount of downtime every year as we go through the year just balancing out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Carol, just another question on the pension and then I hate to harp on it but the issue is if you look at the last three years, you've had to put $1.8 billion of cash into the pension which is -- looks like about a third of the free cash flow over the period. So I guess as we move into 2017 and then really based on the interest rates today, do you plan any more cash contributions over the next three years, let's say?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Scott and just a qualifier on what you said is, the contributions we made, while real, were essentially voluntary. Voluntary meaning as we look at our balance sheet, as we think about where to take the cash to manage our debt, we have looked at the economics around the pension and said that is not a bad place to go with some excess cash right now. Part of it's the tax advantage way of doing it.  The other thing we always consider is we're always looking out and thinking about will we have a regret factor long term and we never want to have too much where we put money and then we say, why did we do that? So it's a balancing act based upon options. So I think what you're seeing us do is right now, this is what makes sense for us given the point we're relative to our overall debt profile. And there will be no required contributions out until 2019 and even 2019 is a very -- pretty, very small number, so that gives us choices and we will continue to make the choices around all those variables that we think meets our needs the best.
Scott Gaffner: Okay and is the comment on no cash contributions tile 2019 based on the year-end 2015 discount rates and expected rates of return or is it based on today's -- on the reevaluation that you were talking about?
Carol Roberts: Well, remember, there's two ways you have to look at your pension, there is one for accounting and that's your pension benefit obligation, that is the balance sheet. And then there is the funding. The funding is impacted by other factors, considering just the policy out of Washington. Remember we talked a couple of years ago about MAP and how that was the acronym for the smoothing of interest rates, so we have very good line of sight on the required contributions, based upon those things and they are smoothed out. So we know pretty certainly where that is. Now what we don't know is that accounting piece that hits at the end of the year which comes from discount rate -- remember 100 basis points for us is about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion Delta in that liability.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And then Mark, if I look at return on invested capital year to date, 10.6% which is in line with the first half of last year and for the full year 2015, you had the records, 11% return on invested capital, so is there anything in the second half and you hit those numbers despite some headwinds in the first half of the year. Is there anything in the second half that would preclude you from getting back to that 11% return on invested capital in 2016?
Mark Sutton: Well, I think the one new thing we have is the Weyerhaeuser acquisition which we think will close in the fourth quarter and that will have a temporary effect, as we bring that debt on and we will see it go back up. But what's important, Scott, is we think about the return on invested capital over a long period of time and we think about it in bands. So the first band is get it to your cost of capital. We've demonstrated we can do that and then we look at two -- as I mentioned before, 200 or 300 basis points above our cost of capital and finding a way to settle in that band. And then the question is always, do you create more value by making your enterprise a larger enterprise at that return or do you create more value by raising that return even further? And, there is analytical approaches to that, that back up the solid business case, so the point number is a blood pressure check, but over time, we want to be in that zone where we have a couple of hundred or more basis points between our 8% cost of capital and our actual returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Manuel: I wanted to come back to some of the Weyerhaeuser assets in the fluff pulp, some of the different pieces there. Once you put this all together, can you talk about your ability to flex between making fluff pulp when you want to but some of the other grades, whether it's SBSK, et cetera. What you view -- I think we all know what long term demand looks like for fluff but perhaps maybe what some of the other end markets are? What you think long term demand looks like there and your ability to toggle back and forth?
Mark Sutton: Well, Chris, we obviously haven't been able to do any detailed integration work, but when you look at our system and we look at what we can publicly get available on the assets and the products that Weyerhaeuser makes and we will have, as I mentioned early, enough capacity to really optimize the production, but the real focus in this business for us is the higher value-added specialty fibers, starting with fluff and moving up. The rest of the pulp is important and you will always have to make some of it as you make transitions and we have really good customers for that pulp, but the focus is really from fluff, basic fluff, all the way up to the high-value added specialty fibers. And we will have on day one, when these businesses come together because we have invested in the business recently and Weyerhaeuser has invested in the business, but we will have the capacity we need to make the products we want to make for the foreseeable future.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Royalty for final remarks.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, operator and thanks Mark and everyone for joining the call this morning. As always Michele and I will be available after the call and our numbers are on Slide 18 of the presentation.
Operator: Have a great day. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carol L. Roberts - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging W. Michael Amick - Senior Vice President of North American Papers and Pulp and Consumer Packaging
Analysts: Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group George Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Lars Kjellberg - Credit Suisse Mark Connelly - CLSA Limited Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Christopher Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Danny Moran - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Thank you and I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations to begin.
Jay Royalty: Thanks Brandy and good morning everyone and thank you for joining International Paper's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter of 2016 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. I’m going to start on Slide 5. International Paper delivered solid first quarter driven by continued strong performance in our North America Industrial Packaging business along with improved results in our global papers business. Demand across our businesses was at or slightly better than expectations. Our operations performed well and input costs were favorable. The Riegelwood conversion to fluff pulp was completed several days ago and we had have commenced start-up and qualifications. The Ilim JV had another strong quarter of results and we announced a couple of important strategic moves both of which will benefit IP’s returns and are really all about making our best business, our Industrial Packaging business even better. We reached a definitive agreement to sell our Asia Industrial Packaging, which is expected to close in the second quarter. We also reached an agreement to acquire state-of-the-art newsprint mill in Spain from Holmen Paper, which we plan to convert to high performance recycled linerboard to strengthen our value proposition to our customers and enhance the results for our European Industrial Packaging business. We plan to use all of that containerboard inside of our converting system. Turning to Slide 6, just like to give you a little more color on our financial performance. IPs revenue declined year-over-year, its primarily due to the sale of the Sun joint venture in China, which took place in the fourth quarter of 2015. We also incurred cost of about $45 million exclusive of outage expenses associated with the Riegelwood conversion and this was a significant drag to earnings in the quarter. Margins would have been about 100 basis points better absent this impact. Our free cash flow of $311 million was on par with last year’s first quarter. At this point, what I would like to do is turn it over to Carol and she will walk us through the performance of our individual businesses and the second quarter outlook. Then I’ll return to wrap it up and we’ll open it up for your questions. Carol.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. As Mark mentioned, IP delivered a sold first quarter at $0.80 EPS with favorable operations and input cost offset by lower prices, seasonally lower volume and heavy maintenance outages including the Riegelwood conversion. The positive swing at Ilim is FX related primarily due to the strengthening of the Ruble as it relates to the JV’s U.S. dollar denominated net debt. Turning to the businesses on Slide 8. Industrial Packaging as Mark said, had a strong quarter, we had favorable operations and lower input cost, but they were mostly offset by lower export and box pricing, seasonally lower box volume as expected and high planned maintenance outage expense. Export volume did rebound from a weak fourth quarter. The North American business took 212 tonnes of economic downtime to balance our supply with our demand and adjust our needs to match a more efficient supply chain. Input costs were positively impact by lower cost of OCC diesel fuel. Turning to Slide 9, IP’s North America box demand came in generally as expected with year-over-year volume up 1.3% for the first quarter, which was in line with the industry. The quarter finished and strong in March and that momentum has continued through April. As you can see in the table, which highlights several of IP’s key customer segments, we see several encouraging trends. We continue to see strong growth in online retail, which has become more meaningful for overall demand, the large process through segment is beginning to show some positive signs as a major companies are making moves to adjust to changing consumer preferences. The agricultural segment which IP is a major supplier, is enjoying the most favorable weather conditions the regions have seen in a few years and this points solid growth of the 2016. And the outlook for the important protein segment is improving, so net-net a fairly favorable outlook for the business. Turning to Europe as Mark mentioned, we recently announced a strategic move to require a unique asset that can be converted to very effectively complement our corrugated packing network in the region. This transaction will create significant value from both the customer offering and financial standpoint, as it will enable IP to produce to high performance lightweight recycled containerboard in region. We will acquire the mill along with associated recycling operations and Holmen’s ownership position in an onsite per generation facilities Upon closing of the deal, we will initiate plans for the conversion of the state-of-the-art news print machine to a first cortile test liner machine, which we expect to complete in late 2017. Once we configured, the machine will produce 420,000 short time of recycled containerboard, which will enable IP to integrate a majority of our test liner needs. The total investment for the acquisition and conversions is expected to be approximately $160 million with an expected IRR of more than 15%. If you turn to Slide 11, in addition to the attractive age and technology of the machine, as well as mill configuration, the location of the mill in relation to the majority of our box network is very attractive. The grades of high performance test liner that we intend to produce on this machine have the greatest application for our broad base of industrial customers and most of these are served out of box plants in Spain, France and Northern Italy as shown on the highlighted area of the map. So once again, we're excited about the prospect of this move and what it can do for our customers and International Paper. Turning now to Slide 12, let me talk about consumer packaging where we saw a seasonally slower quarter combined with some pricing pressures, a less favorable mix and heavier outage expense resulted in lower earnings for the business in the first quarter. Most of the pricing pressure was felt in the commodity place segment. The timing of volume and higher value mix in the food service business was slower to materialize than we had expected as well. Additionally, the sale and exit of the Coated Bristols business negatively impacted results in the quarter. Now moving to Slide 13 and talking about our printing paper segment, the slide shows a sequential bridge for the entire segment, which does include our pulp business. As was mentioned earlier, the cost and tax of the Riegelwood conversion, along with the sub-optimized operation at Riegelwood as conversion of PM18 was underway, significantly impacted segment results to the first quarter by approximately $45 million in total. we'll continue to see cost impact from the conversion in the second quarter along with startup and qualification cost that will continue to impact results in the second quarter and the second half of 2016. This is consistent with the outlook, we provided last quarter and is fully captured in the outlook that I'll share with you shortly. Slide 14 shows the result of the global paper segment excluding pulp and the impact of the conversion. Volume was seasonally weaker as we expected larger in Brazil, while demand in North America was solid. Good operations and lower input cost contributed favorably to the result, as is lower planned maintenance average expense. Prices were lower in North America but higher in Europe, Russia and Brazil, as we began to see the benefit of the implementation as previously announced price increases, some price increases are announced in North America and are being implemented in the second quarter. Let me give a little more color on Riegelwood, as Mark said, we are pleased that the conversion has been completed on-time and on-budget in the month of April and startup and qualification of the machine has commenced. Production of softwood market pulp is underway and then we'll move to qualification of fluff pulp, we expect to begin fluff trials in the third quarter. The current pricing environment for softwood market pulp, which is use for paper towel and tissue product is under pressure in the near-term. As we ramp up and produce SBSK on the new machine through the rest of 2016, these current conditions will adversely affect earning. This will improve as we qualify fluff pulp on the new machine and optimize production across our system. Turning now to our Ilim JV, JV had another very strong quarter with operational EBITDA of $176 million and strong manufacturing performance partially offset lower pulp prices and seasonally lower volume. Over the course of the first quarter the Ruble strengthened slightly against the dollar, which resulted in a favorable non-cash FX gains on the JV, $600 million of U.S. denominated net debt and that impacted or first quarter earnings favorably by $0.03 per share. Lower pulp prices and seasonally higher wood cost along with planned maintenance outages at the Bratsk and Koryazhma mills are expected to negatively impact second quarter results. So before I turn it back over to Mark, let me give you the second quarter outlook. Earnings will increase due to seasonally higher volume in North American box and Brazil papers. The additional box volume is expected to favorable impact North America Industrial Packaging earnings by roughly $40 million. The impact of seasonally stronger demand in Brazil is expected to positively impact earnings by $10 million. Moving on to pricing in North America, the expected impact of lower pulp prices in a less favorable mix associated with the ramp up of Riegelwood on softwood pulp in the second quarter ids about a negative $20 million. This is net of the benefits of the previously announced price increases in uncoated free sheet in North America. Pricing for North America Industrial Packaging will be impacted by lower export pricing along with the flow through of the January PPW index change that will move through the boxes. Combined, this is expected to negatively impact earnings in the range of $25 million to $30 million. Prices are expected to improve in Brazil papers as a previously announced price increases are implemented. This will favorably impact earnings by about $10 million. Operational costs in North America Industrial Packaging are expected to improve as a result of seasonally stronger demand and utilization along with other cost reduction and improvement initiative. This will be a benefit of roughly $30 million. Operational cost across the other businesses are expected to remain favorable and input costs are expected to remain generally favorable as well, although we do expect some slight pressure in Europe. Maintenance outage expense will continue to be heavy in the second quarter, but are expected to decrease by a total of $22 million as shown on the slide, mainly due to the lower outage cost at Riegelwood. And relative to the Ilim JV, the items you see on the chart are expected to negatively impact IP equity earnings by approximately $10 million to $15 million and additionally we are assuming stable FX coming out of the quarter as you know we don’t attempt to forecast currency. So the outlook assumes a non-repeat of a $0.03 from the first quarter. So with that overview, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton: Thank you Carol. So let me wrap things up before we take your questions. I feel really good about our execution in results from the first quarter and I’m encouraged that demand feels more favorable across the primary markets that we serve. Our focus remains on the execution and we saw benefit from our efforts in the first quarter in terms of good operational performance and lower cost. The conversion at Riegelwood went well, it was on-time and on-budget and our team is now ramping up and qualifying the new capability. All of this will enable International Paper to continue to generate strong free cash flow which we will allocate to create additional value. We’ve also made some key decisions that will improve IP’s portfolio and make it stronger and further improve returns on invested capital, namely our decisions in Asia and Madrid and you will see more of this as we move forward where it makes sense for International Papers and our stakeholders. We have winning strategies in the right markets and our focus is clear as you are seeing in the moves we are making. We are focused on producing products where we have a distinct advantage with good access to fiber and low cost manufacturing. We are concentrating our efforts on the markets and product lines that give IP the greatest potential to generate meaningful earnings and attractive returns. So with that, I’ll turn it back over to the operator and we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen [Operator Instructions] in the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Your first question comes from the line of Adam Josephson from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Mark and Carol, two part question for my first question. Do you still expect D&A expenses of $1.3 billion this year, just given that they fell a bit below what I was expecting this quarter? And relatedly, your EBITDA was down 14% in the first quarter. Do you still think you can be close to flat this year, or if not, what do you think reasonable expectations are along those lines for EBITDA? Thank you.
Carol L. Roberts: Adam this is Carol and I’ll take the first one on the D&A. Yes, we do still expect to be in the range of $1.3 billion, what happens is there is some variability to it when you have milled down from outages, you stop your depreciation for that period of time. So it’s just really just some lumpiness in it but overall $1.3 billion is still a good number for the year.
Mark S. Sutton: Adam on EBITDA, your question about how we feel about the flat year-over-year, it’s obviously got some scratch in it with some of the pricing headwinds that has occurred, but at the same time as I mentioned in my comments, we feel really good about our execution and our ability to make improvements in our businesses, both commercially and operationally. So I think we’re very much still in the range we’ve been able to accomplish that. We got a lot of the year left and we've got some real positive trends on our commercial front and we’re operating very, very well. so we are all about focused on hitting that EBITDA that we talked about.
Adam Josephson: Thanks Mark. And just one on containerboard exports. Can you just comment - forgive me if I missed this, on what your export volumes were sequentially and year-over-year. Obviously, the trade press has talked about export prices falling to cash costs for some of the higher cost mills in the U.S. I'm just hoping you can address this issue and thanks very much.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Hey Adam this is Tim. Demand actually is holding up reasonably well in the fourth quarter, I think we called out - our volume was down, we called out some reasons around that that were situational and we thought temporary and in the first quarter we saw a rebound, then export volumes up. We were still a little bit lower in total than we were in the first quarter of last year. Part of that - in fact a big part of it is really Turkey and the dumping tariff that has been imposed then just simply how we're thinking about our participation in the market. It’s still a very key market for us, but not every account there is equal and so we made some decisions in terms of how we were going to position ourselves in the first quarter and going forward. I would say demand is good, our price gets written about a lot, it doesn't feel like our experience is quite as negative as all the things that has written about it, but there is no doubt, there are some competitive situations out there and there is a little bit of price pressure. That will probably continue as we go through the second quarter.
Adam Josephson: Thanks very much Tim, I appreciate it.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is comes from Mark Wilde from BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning. Mark, I wondered if you guys, maybe you and Tim, could just help us a little bit as we think about these PPW adjustments back in February and how they roll through first quarter, second quarter and into the second half.
Mark S. Sutton: Mark, I'll ask Tim to take that
Timothy S. Nicholls: Good morning Mark. Yes I mean Carol kind of spotted a number, it was fairly minimal in the first quarter, we're dealing customer-by-customer and contract-by-contract and they don't all work exactly the same way. And certainly given the timing of the PPW adjustments in the first quarter, not very much of that flow through in the quarter. it will ramp up in the second quarter and Carol pointed out a combination of PPW and export being between $25 million and $30 million. The bulk of that we think is because of the price adjustment with the index and we'll talk to you about third and fourth quarter as we go through the year, as we continue to work through all of the customer contract. So but you will see a fairly significant step-up first to second.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And Tim, as we think about trying to model out the third and fourth quarter, would it be fair to assume some additional bleed-through carrying into third and fourth quarter?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Possibly it's hard to say Mark. I mean, I would rather do the work and get through it and then talk to you that what we think it will be in the third quarter as we finish the second quarter with the same we did going into this quarter.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's fair. And just staying on the containerboard and Industrial Packaging business, you have taken about 440,000 tonnes of economic downtime over the last six months. I wondered if you could talk about how you're taking that. Are you slowing back? Are you actually idling machines for a week or two here or there? And is there a point where you need to consider a longer term move on the supply side?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we'll see, I think the power of what we're doing is just as the power of the system and the flexibility that we've built and some of the investments that we're making is all around building capability and flexibility in the system. We know that when you're stretching the system in terms of utilization rates, things don’t always work out the way you want them to and we've built a tremendous amount of flexibility and a very strong system. so I can't say what it will be going forward. What I can say is, we look over a multiple periods, out months at a time, not just within a quarter and we target where we think we need to be, in terms of how we run the system and then we adjust that almost day-to-day and week-to-week based on a variety of factors. One thing that happened in the fourth quarter really late third and continues to be a factor is just how efficiently the supply chain network is running right now and so what it meant for at moment in time as we need less inventory and so we've adjusted our production accordingly to match that. We'll have to monitor that overtime, things don’t stay the same, they have a tendency to move around, so we'll have to see how supply chain performs through the rest of the year.
Mark S. Sutton: Mark, if I could just add to Tim’s comment. One of the things we've learned as our system has been optimized and its gotten as large as its gotten. We clearly create more value in our containerboard and box system, when there is a bit flexibility in the system and we create less value when we try to run everything to its limits and I mean commercial value and our ability to respond to customers, run an efficient box network and also actual cost value in properly maintaining the equipment before the expensive failures occur. And so that few percent on maintenance and that few percent on economic flexibility, economic downtime really ends up creating the best opportunity for us to generate the highest margins. So it’s something that we don’t look to solve to zero, because I think if it was zero we would have a very difficult commercial proposition for our customers.
Mark Wilde: Alright. That’s really helpful Mark. Good luck in the second quarter and trough balance of the year. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thank you and good morning, everyone.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Good morning Steve.
Steve Chercover: First question. Hi Tim. I wanted to ask about the announcement of a new fluff pulp mill in Arkansas at a cost of $1.3 billion. Will that seriously upset the supply demand dynamic, and what does it say about the value of fluff pulp assets, perhaps?
Mark S. Sutton: Steve, we saw that we had a little bit of knowledge about the background there. It’s hard to predict what that facility is going to do and when. I think fluff pulp is a highly technical product, you have to have a customer list and a track record. So it will be an open question about whether or not a mill that’s in theory can make the product actually ends up with a large book of business in that. And there are different degrees of absorbent products that are loosely lumped into fluff. What we concentrate on is the higher end, high performance products that are medical device type of products. So can’t speculate on what that particular company is going to try to do, but obviously there is a lot to being successful in fluff pulp over the long-term, primarily because of the branded nature of the consumer product that it goes into. And we’ve been added for a while and have a premium customer list that wants us to continually provide them new material?
Steve Chercover: Did you want to take the bait on the value of fluff pulp assets in general?
Mark S. Sutton: I must not have, because I didn’t. No I think my comments all fluff is not create equal and there are types of products I think should characterize the value of fluff pulp is a highly valuable product given the technical nature of it and the consumer branded equity that’s behind those products that it goes into.
Steve Chercover: Great. Thank you, Mark. And then a quick one for Carol. We know that the average shares outstanding was 414 million. Was the ending share count significantly different? Did you maybe ramp up the repo as your confidence grew through the quarter?
Carol L. Roberts: I think we’ll show that - the repo in the quarter was a $100 million and I’m looking at my colleagues here on the final share count, but I think we can factor in the 100 million purchase and that’s what we did in the quarter Steve. So its continuing to move down and are intent is to continue to be opportunistic with our buybacks.
Steve Chercover: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng: Hey guys. Post Riegelwood, I would imagine a very large chunk of your business is more on the food service side, which is holding up okay, I would imagine, especially on the cup side. But with the PBW cut on SBS, is it about 40% of your business that gets impacted? And then how should we think about the lag in terms of it flowing through your P&L?
W. Michael Amick: Hey Philip this is Mike Amick, yes the numbers are going to be roughly 30% to 35% of our business could potentially be impacted by that in 2016. We primarily see this being a second half phenomenon.
Philip Ng: Okay. And how would you guys characterize supply/demand in the bleach board market? Certainly, Riegelwood should help. But I guess one of your competitors did bring back an idled mill, and then you've got some of that potential capacity making its way into the US market from the European. How do you guys think about supply/demand medium to longer term? Thanks.
W. Michael Amick: So this is Mike again. I would characterize the demand is okay, I don’t know that I have used the term really strong, but through the quarter we’ve seen improving backlogs, order backlogs by almost 50% as we look through the quarter. So I think right now kind of sitting where we are in the first part of April, we’re about where we were this time last year.
Philip Ng: Okay. And just one last one from me. Mark, you talked about how demand in the quarter for containerboard firmed up with Ag picking up and e-commerce certainly seeing a lift, as well. Can you remind us how you're thinking about box shipments for the full year now, in light of some of the strength you've seen in 1Q?
Mark S. Sutton: I’ll let Tim take that.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I mean last quarter we said we thought it would be for the full-year total market 1% to 1.5% I don’t think our view has changed that much. I would say that we did see the quarters strengthen as we went through the first quarter and market is very strong for us. April continues to be very strong for us. Right now, Mark today we’re in the up 2% range. So some of these segments that have been weighing against us over the past few quarters are starting to turn hopefully and we’ll see if it holds up and we feel pretty good right now.
Mark S. Sutton: Yes, I think Tim’s point tells us that every organization has a mix, customer mix and we like what we’ve seen in some of the trends and the mix that’s particularly heavy for International Papers. So that should lead us to tracking a lot more consistent with what the overall market is doing versus maybe have past experience. So we feel good about that.
Philip Ng: And the mix dynamic with protein potentially picking up in the back half, with the beef cycle turning, that should be a positive for you guys, as well. Are we thinking about that right?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I think so, first thing, hopefully is stabilize and we'll see how it plays out the rest of year. Processed food actually for us this mix of customers that we have trended pretty favorably during the first quarter and looks like its holding up in the second quarter. I mean, I'm not going to specifics, but we saw individual names being two, three, four plus percent in the quarter and it got stronger as we went through the quarter. So its Ag, California is getting rain that's a good thing, so we're well positioned and in that part of the market and then everybody talks of e-commerce but it's really contribution, we've got a mix of customers across the e-commerce space as well as distribution and have show pretty good strength across the board.
Philip Ng: Okay, thanks a lot. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question is comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. One quick follow-up on the DD&A question from before. I saw that the Consumer Packaging business was down quite a bit. Was that all Riegelwood? And I noticed that the pulp hadn't gone up. Does that go up once the conversion has taken place?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Mark. What we did is, we moved that mill of Riegelwood which was a shared mill between the two segments, both coated paperboard segment and paper segment that's now moved all the way over into NAPP, so it's less coated paperboard hence the change there. And just was the mill down most of the quarter for the conversion and no actual annual outage that’s what you saw, so that will not show up in the NAPP segment.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So the Consumer Packaging runs at this $25 million a quarter now in North America, instead of the $45 million it had been for DD&A??
Carol L. Roberts: Yes.
Mark Weintraub: Analyst : Okay. And then on uncoated free sheet, is it fair to say that you are not reflecting a lot of impact from the price increase which is just currently underway in the second quarter, and so success on that, if it comes through, would largely show up in the third quarter and maybe if you could modify a little bit?
W. Michael Amick: Well Mark, yes you are accurate in your statement, it will be. We started to see a little bit in second quarter, but it will primarily be a second half event and primarily split between the third and later part of third quarter and maybe a little in.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi everyone. Good morning. Congratulations on the performance, especially in Industrial. Had a couple questions. First of all, in Industrial, can you update us on your thoughts as to how you might be able to increase your vertical integration? Are you seeing opportunities for investment, either organically or through M&A, to be able to accelerate that, if that's still a goal? And the related point on containerboard, do you have a need for any similar moves like you did with Holmen, and what are the implications of that investment relative to your supply chain in North America? And I had a quick follow-on, if possible.
Timothy S. Nicholls: On your first question, George, its Tim here, on integration, good morning. I would say we like all of the channels that we're in, we're operating in multiple channels, obviously the integrated channel is the largest and it's very important to us, it's going to come down to how we win accounts in the marketplace and align ourselves with customers within segments. So there is no stated specific goals that we have to reach at certain integration levels. Acquisitions, we don't comment on speculation, but we look at lot of things and so, we'll continue to do that and if one make sense then we'll be talking to everyone about what it is and why we think that makes sense. In terms of Holmen, we don't expect the big impact from one region to another at all, but the related question around are there things like that? I think that's what you see us doing in some of these investments that we're making. We've talked about increasing capacity and adding flexibility, it's not that all capacity is the same. What we're doing is we're adding capability around certain products that we think are growing through our segments and we think we need and we're building that capabilities. So, it's similar to Holmen, it's just different, we've got 16 mills where we can look at the product mix that we need to make investments accordingly.
George Staphos: Okay, Tim. I'll turn it over, since I had my two, and I'll try to come back. Thank you.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Thanks George.
Operator: Your next question is comes from Lars Kjellberg of Credit Suisse.
Lars Kjellberg: Hi. Just a question actually on the Holmen transaction. When I'm looking at your Industrial Packaging business in Europe, the problems seem to be that you have very low margins in your box business. This doesn't necessarily fix that problem. So how do we - are you thinking about addressing that business in itself, because just adding upstream integration doesn't necessarily fix what seems to be a low margin business.
Mark S. Sutton: Lars hi, this is Mark. Building on Tim’s comments about channel, the way we look at our European corrugated business. It’s a very focused business, we look at it as one of our channels to market, we move very high quality high performance craft liners through that system. If you look at the geography, we’re southern focused on fresh foods and so our view of that business is its part of our integrated channel to market and the integration of high performance recycled liner coupled with our U.S. produced high performance craft liner makes that whole value proposition better. It allows us to improve our customer mix and as you know from the European theatre, the recycled board that’s available is geographically available. So you have to have what you need were you need it in a reliable way to build out your offering for your customers and that’s what this does to improve that business. So what we focus on in our European corrugated business is very good for the company and when you take it back at look at the way we think about industrial packaging globally it’s a really good business for IP.
Lars Kjellberg: Just a follow-up on that. There's a tremendous amount of conversions that hits the market tail end 2017, early 2018. We're talking about almost 2 million tons. Is that a consideration at all for you as a non-integrated system today? Is this the right time to do it?
Mark Sutton: Well that phenomenon Lars has been sort of a fixture in the European market. There has been a couple of million tonnes overhang. The problem with that statement is its on average and again recycled high performance liner is not all created equal, there are three to four grade levels including medium. And so what has to happen is converter like International Paper have to have what we need, where we need it. So if it’s in the North of Europe, it’s theoretical, even if it’s an overhang, it doesn’t really affect. So what you have to look at is regional capacity and we’ve been a large open market buyer for a long period of time and we will still buy some, but that’s how we look at it. Regional board for the conversion that you need in the market segments that you are focused on not the average container supply and demand for all of Europe, which is a very diverse market especially for the recycled liner.
Lars Kjellberg: Very good. Thank you. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Just two quick things. Can you give us an update on the timing of the 250,000 tons of new containerboard capacity that you're adding here? We've talked about it as a gradual ramp. I'm just wondering if you can give us some sign posts and tell us when that would be up and running. And second, it looks like you've cut your containerboard maintenance numbers. Is that a change in scope or just improved efficiency?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Hey Mark its Tim. On the first question of capacity there is really no difference than what we said at the time we announced that we said it is going to be a 16, 17 set of actions. So I don’t know if its half/half, but you will see some of it come through this year and you will see a little bit more come through in the first half of next year. And then on maintenance, maintenance varies mill-by-mill and period-to-period and so there is a plan, there is a schedule that goes out years and you look at it piece of equipment-by-piece of equipment and it just happens that you will hit periods when the things that need to be tended to in an annual outage cost more, because of the nature of the work in a given period than in others.
Carol L. Roberts: And I would add to that Mark, this is Carol, while we do see the reduction from the last time we forecasted the second quarter down is we know as a company that we’ve got headwinds and so what we’ve been trying to do of course is you have got to find other levers to pull. And so as Tim said, he is looking at is very hard to make sure he is doing what he needs to do and if there is an opportunity to turn some things up to get more money to the bottom-line that’s what we’re attempting to do. And we’ll continue to disclose that each quarter so that you can follow and track those changes.
Mark Connelly: That’s really helpful.
Mark S. Sutton: Mark this is Mark Sutton. Just the first question you asked, just to tie it back to an earlier question around how we run our system. That incremental capacity capability that’s coming from these investments as Tim mentioned, is really about making some products differently that we’ve made before, making our system more flexible meaning we can make similar products at the same mill or different so we can improve our supply chains. So the issue of capacity coming online is only when and if need it for the demand environment. It’s really the driver is really making more of this and less of that for the boxes that we need to make going forward and as an outcome as improving those facilities, we have more capacity if we need more capacity. So that’s kind of a way to think about that as appose to business coming on at this date and this is coming on at that date. It’s coming on as a new product, a new basis weight, a new design. And net capacity comes on if we have the orders for it. it doesn’t come on if we don’t have the orders for it.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
John Dunigan: This is actually John Dunigan filling in for Scott Gaffner. Good morning and congrats on a strong quarter.
Mark S. Sutton: Thank you.
John Dunigan: Most of my questions, unfortunately, have been asked, but I did just have a couple. In particular, I wanted to ask about what you guys are seeing in the OCC prices and how the lower inputs have had an impact on your first quarter and then what you're expecting in terms of an outlook going forward for that and how it could affect IP?
W. Michael Amick: Yes I mean, I think our forecast is that we could see some modest pressure in OCC pricing as we go through the second quarter. we don't expect it at this point to be a major factor and yes in the first quarter input is little bit of the tailwind for us which we're operating in a certain environment and trying to take advantage of environment that we have.
John Dunigan: Okay. And some of your peers had discussed some of the freight benefits that they have been enjoying, particularly getting some discounts and even building up on some inventory to meet some just in time demand. Could you just touch upon what IP's seeing in terms of those costs and how you guys are maybe taking advantage, particularly in your Industrial and Packaging sector?
W. Michael Amick: Well, I think part of what you've seen just in - what we've seen in terms of our supply chain network is rail and truck availability has improved dramatically in the last part of last year, early this year compared to where we were say year ago. So that's obviously having an impact on the discussions you have with carriers about rate structures, it’s still a very challenged environment in some cases, in terms of those discussions, but we think we're having some measures of traction as we have those discussions. The bigger impact in the moment is just what it means to how we think about our stocking position across 200 plus facilities and its meaning at the movement that we need less inventory and we can run much more efficiency supply chain. So there is benefiting. That I think what we have worried about is how it changes overtime and will there be a snap back of utilization rates around carriers later this year
John Dunigan: And you generally think in the near term here that you can still enjoy the benefits, with possibly a snap back late this year or maybe early next year?
W. Michael Amick: I don't know when it's going to happen or if it will happen. I just know the thing don’t say that people take actions and so we don't count on anything lasting. I think it goes back to the power of the system, we have tremendous flexibility and we're trying to create more flexibility through these investments. So that we can pull back when we need to and we can recover quickly when we need to.
John Dunigan: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie Jones: Hi Good morning.
W. Michael Amick: Good morning Debbie.
Debbie Jones: I was wondering if you could talk about the change you made to your management incentive plan in early February. It looks like you switched it up based on 50% operating cash flows to 50% EBITDA, with ROIC being the remainder. Is there anything we should read into that about your cash operating expenses in the coming years?
Mark S. Sutton: Hi Debbie this is Mark. Well I think what we're attempting to do there, cash flow is still front in center. What we've got is that particular annual plan is focused on the majority of our employee, who are running on operation that's a level and type of job and we all talk of EBITDA in the company that's plans are based on, it’s what people are measured on. And we've had little bit of slippage in our EBITDA progress over the last couple of years. so just an attempt to be focused and the overall scheme of things obviously cash from ops, start with a good strong EBITDA and then you go to the cash flow, free cash flow and your capital allocation strategy is clearly understood, commitment to the dividend. So no message other than focusing the people who are actually on that plan to look at ways we can improved our EBITDA and break through the flat nature of it over the last couple of years. So that's one plan for one year for certain group of employees.
Debbie Jones: Can I just ask, do you still expect no pension contribution in 2016 and 2017?
Carol L. Roberts: Debbie, what I would say is we have no required pension contribution for 2016 and 2017. Now how we go forward you know we will obviously navigate that as we move forward.
Debbie Jones: Okay. And my last question, I just wanted to ask, we talk a lot about the substitution potential from craft liner to recycled liner and whether or not there's room to go, given the sustainably low OCC prices. And you see this from both vantage points, having exposure to both markets. I was wondering if you could comment on this, and then also how this might impact your longer term capacity plans.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, hey Debbie its Tim. We see in certain regions in certain areas there is either more or less competition from certain type of product range. I think the way we think about it is we're looking with our customers that best fit and best used for the packaging they need and it includes a variety of substrates, some virgin, some recycled fit for use. But it also includes capability, geography, service levels and so we're selling them more than just it recycled or is it virgin, we're selling them a total product and we've got breadth of product to do it like no others. So there is always going to be a competition, it’s very competitive market, but we feel good about the value propositions we have.
Debbie Jones: And then the question about the capacity plans in the future, just thinking about the tonnage that you're adding in the coming years.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I don’t want to speculate on what we will do or won’t do. We’ve got lowest OCC input cost at the moment, it’s a moment in time we think it is probably a different trend overtime and we’ll make decisions. It’s like I talked about these capacity additions, we’re not just adding generic tonnes, we’re adding products and grades and basis weights for where we see growth in our channels and the types of products that we need to support that growth. So and then we run it accordingly as we’ve said to what our demand is. So we constantly look at what are those products, what do they need to be, where should we add them and it will be an ongoing evaluation?
Debbie Jones: Okay. Thanks very much. Good luck for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Manuel: Good morning and congratulations for a great start to the year.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Thanks Chris.
Christopher Manuel: Two topics I wanted to touch on. First, a little bit more around - you are probably tired of talking about it, but some of the dynamics here with North American containerboard, and the second topic being Ilim. With respect to the first topic, I hear how you have answered Debbie and Mark's and a few others' questions around things. But if I look to downtime you took in 4Q and 1Q, one quarter doesn't make a trend, but it's now been two in a row that it's been solidly north of 200,000 tonnes. If we annualize that, that's larger than a machine, close to a mill, 900-ish thousand tons on an annual basis of downtime, market downtime. You also referenced you had some inventories coming down. So maybe you could help us, give us a sense as to when I look at industry inventories - they haven't really moved much the last few months, but maybe yours has. Could you give us a sense, maybe either in tonnes or in weeks supply or however you think about it, your inventories have changed 3Q to 4Q to 1Q?
W. Michael Amick: I would say we run a very tight supply chain year around and we make adjustments as we go. So no I am not going to breakout tonnes or weeks of supply. I’m just going to say that we’re constantly looking at four-months to five-months in advance targeting where we think we need based on our demand signal and then we make adjustments as we run the system. So the downtime that we took in the fourth quarter and first quarter a very large component of that, goes back to supply chain efficiencies and just not needing as much inventory to our chain. That could change overtime and may be we’re taking a little bit of risk on the downside in terms of how it might change and what we might do to be able to do to respond to it, but we just like to run a very tight supply chain and we’ll continue to do so.
Christopher Manuel: : So if I read into that a little, it sounds like your inventory levels over the last couple quarters have come down a good chunk then and they're not flat.
W. Michael Amick: No, they are not flat and a lot of things go into targeting inventory levels, we run hundreds and hundreds if not thousands of grades, 200 locations and so we’re looking product-by-product basis grades, locations and stocking levels across all of this and then we are adjusting the system quarterly. And if it just takes less time to get product from mill-to-box plan, because the velocity has increased and we obviously don’t need as much inventory in the system.
Christopher Manuel: Okay. Thank you. And with respect to Ilim, I've read several places it looks like you're going to do a pretty sizable expansion there. Could you maybe give us a little color as to what's happening in timing and things of that nature, and as well as while that's going on, what we would probably expect out of - would dividends stop for a while or how might that work?
Mark S. Sutton: So Chris on the Ilim release that you are referencing they put out a five-year plan and it was a capital plan to improve the business. A big portion of that is inclusive of their normal maintenance and regulatory CapEx that’s about $325 million annually. So the incremental that was in that announcement over that five-year period was about $700 million and its planned only if the project are developed and as they have the right returns to improve the current business that they have and to improve the quality of the product and its necessary to make more product at the second facility. And the plan for that would be to organize the funding in the same way the prior development of Ilim was done which is on the Ilim balance sheet and we don’t see any effect on the dividend changing or going down or the things like that. So we think there is some good opportunities of improving Ilim. And it goes to that comment I made on my closing statement around making products that are needed in the market, mainly into consumer oriented end-users and making them in the right price in the world for your advantage, fiber, cost structure and work force and this is a perfect example of that.
Carol L. Roberts: And Chris I’ll just add on. We actually are going to get a dividend payment, I’m looking at my colleague who is on the - cards around the board is Ilim joint venture last week approved the dividend payment for 2016. So we will receive a $50 million between $50 million to $55 million this year and another recommitment to the dividend flow out of the business given that its generating significant cash and also if you look at their debt balance, their debt has actually come down as well. So the financial condition of that business is great and we're counting on dividend out of that business as part of the value creation equation for International Paper.
Christopher Manuel: Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Mark S. Sutton: Thank you Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Yes and good morning.
W. Michael Amick: Good morning Chip.
Chip Dillon: I just wanted to make sure I understood. You gave a lot of moving parts earlier in the call. And I know you said that the price impact of mainly pulp would be about, on the North American Paper business, would be somewhere around $20 million. But then I think you said that there's a benefit in Brazil of about $10 million. So I guess for that segment, looking at just pricing, the difference would be just $10 million, is that right, negative?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, those are two distinct items that we called out. So that would be the right way to look at Chip.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And just so I understand, on the slides, it looks like the total benefit from less maintenance in the second quarter, I think adds up to $42 million, but then you called out some other $30 million swing from operations. Could you just clarify that, please?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Chip, I think what I called out was 22 on total outage expense from first to second.
Chip Dillon: Okay.
Carol L. Roberts: So, I'm not sure where the number that you said. What we did called out is Riegelwood was a big driver, but if you added all up, if you go all the way across the line there and add it all up, it's a $22 million improvement first to second.
Chip Dillon: Got you, okay.
Carol L. Roberts: And the second part of your question, I'm not sure, I the second part of your question then still has application.
Chip Dillon: Yes, the operations, I think you said there were some $30 million benefit from just operations that you referred to.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, the second quarter is always a better operations quarter than the first, it’s not as cold, we just we have lot behind you, generally a good operational quarter for lots of reasons and we anticipate that to happen.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned, I think this is very apropos, given the opportunity in Madrid, and you say you have a lot of exposure in the fruit, vegetable area. My understanding is that most or all of the fruits and vegetables need to be packaged in virgin-based craft liner because of the condensation issue. And has technology changed to allow certain types of recycled board to be introduced there? Is there any kind of a change that has taken place or is taking place? And then is that, in part, behind your move in Madrid?
Mark S. Sutton: No the move in Madrid is really to complement what we do with craft liner and your assessment is accurate. I mean there has been lots of attempts to make products with mixed substrate in that field, it really, really is driven by the supply chain, there are probably some short supply chains that care different products. But the humidity from the harvest, all the way through the supply chain to the market, is what drives the performance characteristics of fresh food packaging for meeting craft liner or craft like performance characteristics. The industrial business, the high end industrial business that complements your mix in your plant, because obviously agriculture seasonally, and you want to run your plant and run a successful business over the year. That's where the high performance lightweight recycled comes in and it allows us to perform better in some of the best industrial segment versus using board that is not that high performance, it’s got to use more of it and things with that nature. We end up not being competitive in the industrial segment that you really want to be in.
Chip Dillon: That makes lot of sense. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Danny Moran of Macquarie.
Danny Moran: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to clarify something on your heat map that you provided in your earnings presentation. Do you anticipate continued higher year-over-year export shipments in 2Q and for the year? And then do you also expect further price erosion to the export markets?
W. Michael Amick: Hi, Dan, I'm assuming you are talking about container board. Yes, I mean we feel pretty good about the demand signal that we've gotten from the market, margins take a hit, demands seems to be holding up, which that to us, there is a need for the type of product that we're supplying to the export markets and we've been a strategic supplier to those markets for decade. So we have long-term relationship that we stick with quarter-to-quarter, year-in, year-out. We feel pretty good about our backlog for the second quarter, the market is very competitive, I don't want to forecast price, but I just leave that it's competitive and the types of erosion that we've seen probably continue into the quarter. So we'll manage it accordingly, but we still make decent money on export and we like it a lot on average through the cycle.
Danny Moran: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then one last one from me. With all the moving parts in your North American Industrial Packaging business, with economic downtime and some capacity creep, on a net basis do you expect to produce more or less boxes this year?
W. Michael Amick: Well, I'm not going to forecast what we will produce, we've said that overtime our goal is that we position ourselves with the right segments and with the right customers and we would expect to perform in line with market as our choices around customer mix grow overtime. And we’ve seen a little bit of both here over the past year, last year we were underperforming because of some of that exposure and in the first quarter of this year we were right on top of it. So to us it’s about customer choices and how we align ourselves in the right spots.
Danny Moran: Got it. Okay. Thanks and good luck for the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over o Jay Royalty for any closing remarks.
Jay Royalty: Sorry Brandy I was jumping on a little. Well that’s all the time we had today folks. Thanks for joining and as always, Mitchell and I are available after the call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging
Analysts: Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John Dunigan - Barclays Capital George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Danny Moran - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melinda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President, Investor Relations, Jay Royalty. Please go ahead.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Melinda, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter and 2015 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide four provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining International Paper's fourth quarter and full year call. I want to quickly go over the format we're going to use this morning. I will review the full year 2015 results first. And then I'll turn it over to Carol to discuss our fourth quarter results and the performances of our individual businesses, then come back and cover the outlook before we open it for Q&A. So I'm going to begin on slide five. International Paper finished a very solid year in 2015. We achieved a return on invested capital of 11%, well above our cost of capital. And this makes it the sixth consecutive year that our actual returns are above our cost of capital. Our free cash flow came in strong as well at $1.8 billion and our earnings per share of $3.65 was the highest EPS in 20 years. That was largely driven by strong results in our North American Industrial Packaging business and record level of results from our Ilim joint venture in Russia. Additionally, we completed the sale of our 55% stake in the Sun JV in China at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We received $25 million in cash in addition to eliminating approximately $400 million of consolidated debt from our balance sheet. We also made another meaningful increase to our dividend by 10% in the fourth quarter, and we enhanced our dividend policy, moving the target payout range to 40% to 50% of free cash flow, up from 30% to 40%. We feel confident in this change because it's based on a pressure test we did and updated, which provides a level of confidence to us that our businesses in different economic times have the ability to produce a very sustainable cash, and hence, a sustainable dividend. And finally, we continued our strong track record on share buyback as an additional means of returning cash to shareholders, buying more than 500 million shares in 2015. As of this call, total purchases since the inception of the buyback program in September of 2013 amount to about $2.1 billion. Moving to slide six and turning to the full year financial results, I'd like to highlight a couple of items on this slide. Year-over-year EPS, when adjusted for the non-cash FX charge on Ilim's U.S. dollar denominated debt, was up 5.5%. Revenue was down roughly 5% with the most significant factor being FX translation. And overall EBITDA margins continue to be strong at 17.6%. On slide seven, you can see that 2015 continued the trend of strong sustainable free cash flow, which has averaged $1.8 billion over the last several years. As we look into 2016 and beyond, we remain confident that IP has a portfolio that can continue to generate strong free cash flow results. We believe free cash flow generation and ROIC above the cost of capital are two key drivers of shareholder value. So we think we're on the right track. With that, I'll turn it over to Carol to discuss the specifics of the fourth quarter.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'm on slide eight. As Mark said earlier, EPS of $3.65 per share is the highest level in 20 years and compares favorably to $3 per share in 2014. Looking at the details, price and mix declines across the North American businesses were essentially offset by favorable input cost. Volume was generally flat across most businesses with the exception of reduced export volume from the North American containerboard business. Operations largely performed in line with expectations with cost reduction initiatives offsetting the majority of inflation for the year. Slightly higher taxes were more than offset by lower interest expense and a lower share count. And the Ilim JV posted significantly higher results due to improved operations, increased margins and a less negative FX impact on the JV's U.S. dollar-denominated debt. Turning to the fourth quarter. Free cash flow was strong at $501 million. Industrial Packaging delivered another solid quarter based on steady daily box demand. Additional downtime was taken to balance our supply with our demand as the overall demand was impacted by three fewer shipping days as compared to the third quarter. Domestic prices were generally stable across our North American businesses, and volumes were seasonally higher along with increased prices in Brazil, Russia and Europe, primarily in our paper businesses. And finally, the Ilim JV turned in another strong quarter of results but was unfavorably impacted by a $0.05 non-cash FX charge on the JV's U.S. dollar-denominated debt. Moving to the quarter-over-quarter bridge. As I mentioned, prices were generally stable across the businesses. Volume was unfavorably impacted by three less shipping days in the fourth quarter for the North American box business and we did have reduced export volume. This was partially offset by stronger volume in Europe and Brazil. Operations were negatively impacted by weather and flooding on the East Coast and were further impacted by higher operating costs in the quarter, including costs associated with the increased levels of maintenance and downtime taken to balance our supply with our demand. Quarterly earnings benefited from the favorable input costs and a lower non-cash FX charge at the Ilim JV. Turning to the businesses and beginning with Industrial Packaging on slide 11. Volume, as I said, was impacted by three fewer shipping days in our U.S. box business and we did have lower export shipments. The daily shipment rate for boxes was up almost 4% over the third quarter and was flat year-over-year against a strong comp for IP. Operational costs were higher, significantly impacted by 322,000 tons of downtime, 230,000 tons of which was taken to balance our supply with our demand, and operating costs were also slightly higher in our Brazil and European Packaging businesses. Turning to slide 12, I want to provide some color on the North American box business and what we're experiencing in our shipments and the key segments we serve. As you can see, we experienced a 2% increase in year-over-year shipments on a per day basis from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the fourth quarter of 2014. And then in the fourth quarter of this year or last year, we essentially held that increased level of demand. I would say the market has even been a bit stronger than what we have experienced. From a key segment standpoint, we continue to be encouraged by some of the trends we're seeing. We continue to see substantial growth in the e-commerce and distribution segment in which we are a strong player. Another important trend is in the agricultural segment, which is benefiting from shifting consumer trends to more healthy foods. And new product offerings in the beverage segment are also driving some pockets of new growth. Overall, we see a healthy box market that will continue to benefit from evolving consumer trends. Moving to Consumer Packaging, the business experienced a less favorable mix and lower volume due to three less shipping days. The fourth quarter was a higher operating cost quarter, and the North American business experienced some transition cost associated with the shutdown of the Coated Paperboard machine at Riegelwood related to preparations for the conversion project. Outage expenses were higher as expected and input costs were favorable. Finally, earnings improved due to the sale of our share of the Sun JV. Turning to slide 14 in the paper business, IP experienced price increases in Brazil, Europe and Russia as well as the seasonally favorable mix improvement in Brazil that was partially offset by pulp price pressure in the quarter. Volume was higher primarily due to seasonal strength in Brazil and Europe. Operations were negatively impacted in North America due to extreme weather and flooding on the East Coast, some effects which will linger into the first quarter. Operating costs were seasonally higher as well. The negative FX swing here is simply the non-repeat of the favorable Brazilian FX impact that we experienced in the third quarter. Turning to slide 15, I want to provide an update on the Riegelwood Mill conversion project. As we announced last year, we are converting the mill to 100% pulp with the capability to run an additional 400,000 tons of softwood and/or fluff pulp. This will bring our total North American system to a capacity of 1.7 million tons, of which, 1.5 million tons can produce fluff pulp. The project is well underway, having shut down the first Coated Paperboard machine PM18, which is the one that's actually being converted, and we did that in December. And we've shut down the second machine PM15 in January. We will bring the converted machine back online in May, which means half the mill will be down for roughly half the year. Once online, we expect to fully ramp up on softwood pulp and qualify PM18 on fluff pulp by the end of the year. This will ensure we have adequate capacity for our key fluff customers as their demand grows. For the balance of the year, we expect to run and sell mostly market softwood pulp. We will incur costs associated with the conversion and the ramp up. In total, we expect the conversion impact in 2016 to impact earnings by roughly $75 million to $80 million with about $50 million impacting our first quarter earnings, and that's when the bulk of the conversion work will be done and much of the mill will be down, actually also for the annual outage. And then there'll be some ramp up costs beyond that, that will spread into the second and third quarters. Now turning to Ilim. The JV concluded a strong year of operational and financial results as the focus shifted to optimizing and leveraging the completed investments, and their very advantaged export positions. The JV achieved record operational EBITDA results of $724 million in 2015 and IP's corresponding equity earnings were $131 million. During the quarter, the JV refinanced a portion of their U.S. dollar debt to rubles. Relative to the first quarter outlook, the JV expects to continue its strong operational and cost performance against higher inflation, lower pulp prices and the expected weaker seasonality. Before I turn to the outlook for the first quarter, I want to just give a quick update on IP's balance sheet. As of December 31, 2015, our balance sheet debt declined slightly to $9.3 billion. The pension gap declined by $300 million. In 2015, we made a $750 million voluntary contribution to the pension in the second quarter. Additionally, we had a bond issue and tender offer, which further reduced our debt towers in 2018 and 2021 at lower interest rates. And I'd also remind you that we increased our divided, as Mark said, 10% to $1.76 and bought back a little more than $500 million of stock in 2015. And currently, we're maintaining a cash balance of about $1 billion. So moving to the first quarter outlook on slide 18. Earnings associated with volume will be lower for the following reasons. Number one, channel mix in our North American Industrial Packaging business will impact earnings by $25 million as box volume will be seasonally weaker and export volume will be stronger. Secondly, our North American Consumer Packaging business will be impacted by roughly $5 million due to the exit of the Bristols, of the Carolina volume. And third, seasonally lower volume in Brazil will impact earnings by roughly $25 million. Pricing is expected to be lower for the North American pulp and paper businesses. These are expected to impact earnings by roughly $20 million. Price for our North American Industrial Packaging will be impacted by continued lower export pricing, along with the recent PPW index change. All in, this is expected to impact earnings by $20 million. Prices are expected to improve in both European, Russia and Brazil papers as recent price increase announcements are implemented. These will be somewhat offset by inflationary cost pressures in those regions. Operations are expected to be generally at the same level as the fourth quarter. Operational costs are expected to improve modestly in North American Industrial Packaging. Maintenance outage expense will increase collectively by $56 million as shown on the slide, inclusive of the higher outage costs associated with the Riegelwood conversion as I mentioned earlier. And as always, we provide an outlook for Ilim, assuming stable FX coming out of the quarter. So the first quarter outlook assumes a non-repeat of the $0.05 charge we incurred in the fourth quarter. So, with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Carol. Before I would turn to 2016, I just like to reiterate that I feel really good about our results in 2015. I'm on slide 19 right now. The year didn't play out the way we envisioned coming into it, but given how things unfolded across the globe, I think we played our hand pretty well and had a number of significant accomplishments in 2015. I'm really proud of the way our team stepped up and dealt with the environment that we were really dealing with, not the one we thought we were going to be dealing with. Turning now to 2016. Sitting here today, it's real difficult to predict where things might go from a global macro standpoint. We feel good about how we're positioned to deal with whatever the market brings and the agility that we have in IP to adjust as needed. As you can see from the chart, CapEx for 2016 is $1.3 billion. This will ensure we get the most important things done and it reinforces our commitment to remain highly focused on maximizing free cash flow. As we highlighted earlier on this call, IP has delivered consistently strong results and return on invested capital and free cash flow for the last several years. And I have every confidence we'll do so again in 2015. Turning to slide 20. Beyond keeping our employee safe and being a good steward to the environment and being good citizens in the communities in which we operate, we have a robust list of focus items for 2016. At the top of that list and for very good reason is continuing to improve our North American Industrial Packaging system. We have a great foundation to build upon, but we certainly have many opportunities to optimize further across all aspects of the business. The Riegelwood conversion has begun with the objective of having the mill up and running in May and fully ramped up by the fourth quarter. Our teams are keenly focused on making this happen safely and on time and getting the new machine qualified in quick order to supply fluff pulp. Additionally, we are executing our plan to grow our cup business at our recently expanded Canton, Ohio cup facility. This will enable us to take care of our key customers' growing needs in this important segment as consumers drive the shift – continue to drive the shift from foam to fiber-based packaging. Another focus item for us in 2016 is to optimize our North American paper portfolio by aligning with the most attractive customers and the opportunities to deliver a strong value proposition to those customers. We're also working toward the sale of our Asia box business as we announced last October. And the Ilim JV had a strong year in 2015 and we expect another strong performance in 2016. And finally, we remain focused on maximizing free cash flow generation and deploying that capital in a way that creates additional value for our shareholders. All of this positions International Paper to have another successful year in 2016. And as I wrap up, in closing, before we go to Q&A, I go back to the investment thesis for International Paper. We built a portfolio with strong competitive positions in key markets where IP has a right to win. I like our portfolio, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to improve the company as we move forward. Our strategy is enabling us to achieve and increase the spread of our return on invested capital above our cost of capital. And we've been doing this for the last six years. In addition to that, we've proven that we can generate strong sustainable free cash flow year in and year out and we've been doing that for several years now. We remain highly focused on a capital allocation strategy that's based on some very simple principles of creating value, rewarding our shareholders and making International Paper better. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and open the floor for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. I first wanted to understand on the downtime or – sorry, the maintenance outage expense, it was a good bit higher in 2016 now than what it had been in 2015. Is that primarily the Riegelwood or are there other things going on? Kind of connected to that, I just wanted to clarify, because it didn't seem like the Consumer Packaging had a lot higher maintenance expense. It seemed like it was Printing Papers and Industrial Packaging. And maybe if you could just clarify all that, that'd be helpful.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Mark, this is Carol. I'm going to start and then I'm going to turn it over to Tim. So you've got two things happening. One is Riegelwood is now going to be classified in the paper business because it's North American paper and pulp. So that's why you don't see the impact in consumer. And so the increase you see on the paper side in the appendix is around Riegelwood. And then I'm going to let Tim comment on the Industrial Packaging piece.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Thanks, Carol. Good morning, Mark. Most of it is just additional – it's the nature of the projects that we have in the mills. From year-to-year, we get variation, and depending on what comes up in the cycle for maintenance in one year can be different from the next. And so, in five of our larger mills, we have more expensive items to deal with in 2016 than we did in 2015.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. And then – and if I could real quickly, could you update us on how business in Industrial Packaging has been looking through January? And also maybe a little bit more color on the e-commerce side of things. What percentage of your Industrial Packaging is e-commerce now and what type of growth have you been seeing?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Yeah. While the growth is good, it's a relatively small segment in terms of the total business. But it's a rapidly growing segment. So we had a strong fourth quarter, especially in December around e-commerce that continued into the first part of January. As you know, if you've ordered something online, you get a box when you receive it. And then if you have to return it, you use another box to send it back and swap it out. So it carried over a little bit into January. Our January was, I'd say more or less the way we expected it. We did have a little bit of impact from weather with the snowstorms that moved through. And if you remember, January last year was a bit of an anomalous month with January 2, the way it fell right before a weekend and was it a workday, wasn't it a workday. So it's a pretty strong comp with some confused workdays for January. But as we look through all of that, January was expected and first quarter looks to be more or less as we expect. We're expecting that we'll be flat on an absolute basis in the first quarter. But we do model our – the market demand growth, what we're anticipating. And things could change, but the model right now says that it could be as much as 1% in the first quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. First question is on the pension situation. I know you all made a big payment last year and you made some headway at least as of year end with the net pension balance. But how should we think about whether the contributions may or may not be, let's say in the next three years? If you could give us some view on that.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Chip. This is Carol. So, yeah, the pension gap was reduced by $300 million. We did make the contribution. Of course, we had other moving parts, which is the rate change was helpful. There was some actuarial changes on some demographic data that was unhelpful. And as we all know, asset performance the way we're invested wasn't a particularly stellar year last year. So, all in, we saw the benefit of $300 million. As it relates to required contribution, we have no required contribution for 2016 or 2017. And then when you get out to 2018, it's going to be all around our asset performance over the next two years and then where interest rate goes and if there's any more policy changing. So that would be how to think about it.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And so at this point, there's no plans to make any kind of voluntary payments this year or next year?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: At this point, I wouldn't speculate on that. Things could always change depending upon what may happen. But at this point, I would say that we don't anticipate any contribution.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then as we look at CapEx, I might be mistaken but I think you just kind of come down twice. I know that you announced the containerboard system initiative back in July and we kind of added that and then I think in October, I believe you sort of gave us a view of about $1.4 billion, now it's down to $1.3 billion. And my question is what should we expect it to be in sort of on an ongoing basis 2017, 2018? Is – in other words, with the containerboard initiative, I would think unless there's something similar to back that up a bit beyond that, you could even see it maybe slip further in the future?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Chip, good morning. This is Mark. I think you said it correctly. When we announced these containerboard projects, we didn't say we were raising capital. I think the assumption in the marketplace that we were. So I don't view it coming down twice. We said $1.4 billion was probably the preliminary scope we had in the fourth quarter. We refined that in looking at the actual year and the projects and our capital allocation policy. And so we come in at $1.3 billion. And I think we've said before with the asset base that we have and the culture we have in our company to operate safe environmentally sound and reliable operations, we tend to have a base load in that $1 billion range. And then above that, it's to hopefully improve the company, be it cost reduction, strategic investments, for example, like our cup project at Kenton. And that's got some flexibility in it over time, again, against the backdrop of our capital allocation principles.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then last question, you certainly gave a nice boost to the dividend late last year, how do you view I guess buybacks versus other possible uses beyond the dividend, of course, in light of where the stock price might be, especially given the decline we've seen in the last six months?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's a good question, Chip. I think, we use the word, balanced use of cash and then finding the right ways to return cash to investors. We like what we've done with the dividend and that 40% to 50% target area. We plan on maintaining. And the share buybacks will continue to be opportunistic. And hopefully, we do a really good job of buying as much as we can at the right value, below the intrinsic value of the company. And we'll continue to do that. We've still got $900 million left on the authorization. So we've got more that we can do and we plan on doing it.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Last year, in the fourth quarter, you provided some outlook for the full year, can you kind of provide some guidance whether it's free cash flow or EBITDA for 2016, or just wider trends? That'd be helpful.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So this is Carol. Again, what I would say is, as we all know, we're living in a very uncertain outlook for the world. And so it's very difficult to pin it down on any one metric. But I think what you can see is the things that we feel very confident about is our underlying businesses, their strength, the ability to sustain the cash flow and that's why we raised the dividend. So I feel very good about cash flow. We'll make adjustments as we go, and we have not in the past provided guidance and we're not intending to do that in the future.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. I guess can you – switching gears a little bit, can you talk about market conditions in bleached board? A competitor of yours mentioned there has been more imports coming in primarily on the commodity side of the business. Can you talk about what you're seeing on that side and what's your overlap on the commodity side of the business?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, Phil. This is Mike Amick. As we look at the board business, clearly, Q4 is a seasonally slower time and we certainly saw that. But what we're seeing as we move into this year is backlogs and orders are responding as we expect to see. We're starting to see some of that pick up a little bit, which is typical for this time of the year. We have a good solid business and good customers and really targeted segments around food service. On the import side we are seeing some imports coming in. Our experience has been, primarily if you look across North America, that's in Latin America where we see that in some of the commodity segments.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And just one last one from me, I know seasonally, the containerboard business is weakest in November and February. Can you just kind of talk about broader market conditions, especially accounting for some of the capacity closures and downtime that industry has taken. I know there's certain limitations you can comment on pricing, but any color would be helpful because obviously investors are a little nervous that with the PPW cut, it's not one-and-done. Any color would be great. Thanks.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Yeah. Hi, it's Tim. Well, I can't comment on the industry; I'll comment on what we're doing and what we see. We're a big player in the export markets. Export markets have been volatile as we went through the second half of last year. But it's really been a volatility around price and margin, not a volatility around demand. There are some pockets where demand is a little bit weaker, mainly Turkey, which we're a very large supplier to that market and some of the Mid East conflict has spilled over. But on balance, demand has held up fairly well. And we continue to see that in the first quarter. January was right as we expected and February looks to be pretty solid from an advanced (31:41) standpoint. In the box business, as I said a minute ago, we're expecting roughly a flat absolute tonnage first quarter versus last year. And our model, our demand model that we use, says that the market could grow upwards of a percent in the first quarter. We've got some segment mix issues that we've been working through. We've been trailing market. We did up for all of 2015. So we'll probably underperform in the first quarter to what we think the market's going to grow. But overall, it's about like what we expected.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful just because comps are pretty tough in the first quarter, if I remember correctly last year. Thanks.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Yeah, they are. It's the toughest quarter of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. One, Tim, perhaps for you, just on the sequential decline of box prices in North America in the fourth quarter, what drove that exactly and is it fair to assume that, that had nothing to do with anything that Pulp & Paper Week did in recent months?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Yeah, that's correct. It did not. And a big portion of that was mix. So what you see flowing through the EBIT impact is about $1, or maybe slightly more than $1 in price that came through as we went through contract negotiations with customers during the course of the year. The rest of it was mix, which means it hits price, but it doesn't necessarily hit margin. So boxes sell for different prices. As your customer mix and your segment mix changes, it can move price, but it doesn't change margin. So that's what it was, just a little bit of contract renegotiations that were flowing through.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And is that a seasonal issue, Tim, or not necessarily? And should we see that every fourth quarter?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Not necessarily. I mean we can, in any given year or given the size of the business, we can renegotiate anywhere from 1 million tons to 2 million tons of business with large customers, just because of how the contract periods fall. So it just depends on what's happening in the quarter and what gets agreed to and finalized in the quarter.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. And, Carol, one for you, just on taxes. Can you talk about what your cash taxes were in 2015 versus your book taxes? I mean, obviously, there has been a substantial gap between the two over the past several years, and I'm just wondering what it was in 2015 or what your expectations are in 2016 and beyond for that matter?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. There was a gap between book and actual again in 2015 and you'll see that when the K will come out very shortly. And that was driven of course by the voluntary contribution to the pension, which creates a nice tax deduction. Over time, as we've told everybody, we do anticipate that our cash taxes will go up and start to approach the statutory rate. But there's still some time before that actually comes totally to fruition.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dr. Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Tim, I wondered if you could just talk about that 230,000 tons of containerboard downtime in the fourth quarter. How much of that is seasonal or transitional or does it maybe suggest that you need to think about your – rethink your footprint?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: No, I don't think it's a question of footprint. There's a number of factors, Mark, that played into it. First of all, we did have more of a shortfall in our export channel in the fourth quarter than we anticipated now. As I said a moment ago, it has bounced back in the first quarter, so that was one element, fewer days. But the other thing that's going on, we've got a much better in-stock position of our old stock in our box plants than we've traditionally had over the past two years or three years. So that helped as well. And then probably the last one, we did see an improved efficiency in our supply chain network. There were more railcars available. There were more trucks available. It could be that that's just a point in time and it doesn't continue as a trend. But we were reacting to just the velocity at which inventory was flowing through the system as well. So it's just you look at a macro number for what we do around downtime, but that's not how we manage it. We're managing thousands of SKUs, 200 locations and trying to get the right product in the right place at the right time. And so that all factors into the amount of downtime we take or don't take.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then if I could kind of follow on with you, Tim, on packaging. The Brazilian businesses is significantly underperforming, can you kind of help us understand the issues there, and then what do you think the timeline looks like to getting that business at least close to the peers?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, good morning, Mark. This is Mark Sutton. I'll take the Brazil question and relieve Tim of that because...
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...we've got that as part of our Brazil team. The challenges with the business is obviously Brazil's in a pretty significant recession. The business we have it is pretty much all a domestic business. It doesn't have a large export, it doesn't have an export position, which is the model that's more typical, which is exporting kraftliner. We use everything we make. And so you got demand down pretty much tracking with negative GDP and what's been a challenge and we're making progress is the ability to get pricing to, at a minimum, offset inflation. So we raised containerboard prices in the fourth quarter. Those are implemented and we're in the process of raising box prices. But being 100% dependent on the Brazilian economy, which I think for the long-term is not a bad thing, for the last couple of years and for this year and maybe the next year, it's a bit of a challenge. So we're just trying to stabilize our business, make sure we have the right customers. We've taken out a lot of cost, but we obviously have to get some inflation recovery and that's what we're working on.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then finally, I wondered if you could just talk a little bit about the impact of the duties in the North American white paper market and whether you – how you read the impact as we roll into 2016?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, Mark. This is Mike Amick. Good question. As you know, there was a ruling here a couple weeks ago with respect to kind of finalizing the duties and there was some movement there. There's – ITC will basically have their hearing on the second week in February and then we'll kind of know the outcome relative to injury. The best way to answer that right now is to kind of look at – what we kind of expect to see as a run rate and how this has impacted imports say versus 2014. And we're somewhere in the range of say 300,000 tons to 400,000 tons of the imports that have kind of come out of the market with respect to the duties. But we'll wait and see how the ITC rules in February.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And, Mike, is there any sense of sort of where inventory stands because there's been a lot of talk that there was a lot of inventory that got built in the country by some of the offshore producers?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Mark, I mean, the inventories that we see right now and what we track is a lot of the industry numbers that you see as well. We see those as being kind of in the normal range. We saw some slight pickup in the fourth quarter, but nothing that we would characterize is being unusually abnormal.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Two questions. IP and others have said that you need more inventory to deal with the logistics issues that we're having. But as we look at overall inventories, do you think that there's a chance that the industry maybe overshooting in aggregate? I'm just trying to recalibrate. I look at 2.5 million tons, which is a lot more than we've seen in the past and especially with all the supply chain work, maybe that's a little high?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Mark, it's Tim. I can only comment on what we do and how we run our system. We did feel as we went through last year that we needed more because of some of the difficulties we were facing in terms of just car, railcar and truck availability. As I mentioned a minute ago, that changed in December. I don't know that that's a trend. I don't think it is necessarily because nothing stands still, people react. But we had better velocity through the system in the fourth quarter. It continued into the first part of January, and we'll see how it plays out over balance of the year.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And just one other question. You've now taken several substantial asset write downs in the last couple of quarters. I'm wondering if that's part of a concerted effort on your part to get these assets on the books at the right numbers or if you think that there are more of these coming?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Mark, this is Carol. It's just part of the normal process of running the company properly. We do goodwill impairment testing with our strategic plans every year in the fourth quarter as we did that testing. Clearly, we had the issue with Orsa, so we wrote that goodwill off. So that's just part of normal running of the company.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on a strong cash year in 2015. I wanted to kind of come back to and you gave some – Tim, you gave some color around what you thought industry and yourselves might look like in 1Q and I kind of wanted to spend a minute and talk a little bit about all of 2016. In particular, we have an extra day this year, a few other elements, hopefully, a little bit of the normal stuff population growth, increasing e-commerce, et cetera. How do you feel about full year 2016? Could we see another point, a-point-and-a-half, two points of corrugated consumption box growth in full year 2016, part one. And then part two, IP has lagged a little bit the industry and could you maybe give us a little color on what you were talking about with some of the mix and issues and things there and could that begin to kind of revert back to averages?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Well, just on the last part, we're making choices and we're in segments that we've been in for a long time. We – those customers in those segment shift, some year's segments perform better than other years and so it'll ebb and flow. But we're trying to make commercial decisions, choices that we think sustain margins and build value over time. On your question on growth for the year, yeah, I do think that it could be in that point to point-and-a-half range. That's what our model says. Having said that, box consumption's not totally disconnected from the economy. So it'll depend on economic performance as we go through the year. But right now, what we see in terms of how the economy is performing, there's no reason to believe that it would be less than that 1% to 1.5% that we saw last year.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Mark, a quick question on kind of the portfolio as you sit today. Look, I mean prices, obviously, equity markets have been hit pretty hard, yourselves included. But as you look at a cash-on-cash return and opportunity, how you think about M&A, done a lot of work on the portfolio kind of getting out of some parts, pieces globally that you've wanted to, from where you sit today, what's the temperature or the appetite to look at opportunity to add to the portfolio?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Chris, that's a great question. I mean I think it's a constant process of looking at ways to create more value for our shareholders and to make the company better and a longer-term value creator. So we got a lot of parts of our portfolio or as I described really excellent positions, great fiber baskets, super customer list, wonderful operations, assets and people, but there's other areas where we're still working and we'll continue to do that to improve the company. But our focus area is really creating value and growing the value of the company. And if M&A can play a role as we've said before, then it'll be on the table. But it'll be targeted in our areas of creating value, advantage positions and serving, growing solid end markets, not just about growth rates of unit volume or anything, but really going after where we can find profit pools that we can be a competitive right to win kind of company.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital: Hi. This is actually John Dunigan sitting in for Scott. Good morning. Just one question or a couple questions on couple of segments. Within corrugated packaging, the global cost curve appears to be flattening out due to FX with lower cost produced in Brazil and in Russia. How is this affecting the global trade flow and the ability for North American producers to export?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: Well, again, I can only speak to how we're looking at it. Yeah, they've gotten more cost competitive on currency. And we do see them in all of the markets that we operate in and so they're there. We're competing against them. It may cost us some margin to do that, but it's also not an unlimited amount of capacities that they have in the moment to penetrate the markets that we operate in.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then in the printing papers segment, have there been any impact from the anti-dumping duties yet and any firming up in the demand or pricing post duties?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, John. This is Mike Amick. As discussed a little bit earlier, there has been some pullback in imports that we've experienced, say over the last 18 months or so. We think that that's – we may see a little bit more of that, but it's primarily probably pretty well leveled out and we'll see how that plays out in 2016.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you. And then finally, with OCC forecast that were down about 15%, 20% in 2015 and some forecast showing increase into 2016, where do you think they could be for the year or do you have any further color on that?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: On OCC, no, I mean commodity market, global markets, a lot of puts and takes, very hard to forecast.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: John, this is Mark. In addition to Tim's comment, one of the things that we've seen in OCC is they're just a practical issue with the cost curve, is that when you get in the area where prices are now, you get to a point where collecting the final marginal tons becomes uneconomic. So what ends up happening is there's some kind of self regulating supply disruption that occurs. And so – and there's not a lot of inventory in this system normally, so that's why it kind of springs around. But we think people are collecting more, which long-term is a good thing. But we do think that there's still a practical issue of what it costs to collect that highest cost marginal ton, which is probably curbside and the kind of things that municipalities are doing and then people just stopped doing it.
John Dunigan - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details and congratulations on the year. I guess first question I had, Mark, I want to piggyback a little bit on one of the earlier questions. So you've been in the seat now for a while and you've had the opportunity to review the portfolio and the strategy of the company. Recognizing that things are going to be fluid going forward, right, it's not a static market, have you in your view determined which businesses you'd like to be in, which markets you want to continue to grow into or would you say you still have some further study to do in terms of the markets and your positioning there?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we've pretty much determined where we want to take the company going forward. And it's in the areas that we've been working on. We want to grow our packaging business and we want to have businesses that – it's not so much the product focus but the competitive advantage. Where we have advantaged assets and advantaged fiber basins, making products for growing markets, fiber-based products, we win. When we don't have that, we struggle and so that's really the strategic focus of the company is improving the company. We've got a really great company right now, and it can be improved. But that's – we know where we want to go and we know where we don't want to go. And we'll continue to evolve. And as we have something to talk about, when we can, we will.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that, Mark. Is it possible, and maybe the answer is no, but could you put a geographic tilt on what you just said? I mean do you see more opportunity in the Americas versus rest of the world or however you would frame it?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say, if you look at some of our actions over the last year, both things we've done and then things we haven't done...
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...I would say that our view of the Americas is strong. We like our business, again, where we have advantaged positions in the value add to the renewable natural resource of wood fiber. So the markets we serve – even China, when we talked about exiting our businesses, the market is still important. That is what the Ilim joint venture is mostly about, and we export 25% of what we make in the U.S. is exported because it's globally competitive. It's containerboard, it's fluff pulp and it goes to those markets. But we don't necessarily need to have manufacturing assets in every geography in the world.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. Two questions on rest of the world; Ilim had a real nice performance. Is there a way you could comment to or maybe remind us on what you think the longer-term dividend opportunity is in Ilim, so that you get maybe more cash flow and more attention paid for what's a very good asset relative to its carrying value on the books. And then within Brazil, recognizing there were differences in terms of your business versus maybe your peers, is it possible to quantify maybe what your level of underperformance is relative to what your opportunity would be, your opportunity set, given your mix of business?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: George, this is Carol. On the Ilim dividend, a real simple way to think about that is, as the business performs better, clearly, there's cash generation. And of course, we're respectful of our joint venture partners and we have a board – very good governance of that company of which we're half the board. So what that company does is, generally, the decision around that dividend is in the timeframe of the summer time, where they look kind of backwards at the prior year and see the performance and the cash is there. So, as you could read into that, you could expect as we evaluate the dividend for 2016, we'll be looking back at the performance of 2015 and it was very strong. And on a real simple way, is you could think about it as simply as our equity earnings could in theory match the dividend of the company. And then that would be excluding the FX non-cash because that is non-cash.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that Carol. And on Orsa?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, George, on Orsa, with the earlier answer to the question, I think that Mark asked on Brazil, with the current economic environment, it's – and being totally focused on the Brazilian market, it's hard to guess on the time. But we should be able to get that business under normal market conditions to reasonably good margins. We will probably always have some gap if an export position of Kraftliner improves the business at any given moment in time because that's not what we do there. We got that business to begin to develop a packaging presence in Brazil, which we think long-term is a good idea. We did it in a way that's 100% committed to the local market. And it is different than others do it. It's – so it's always going to have a different business model for the foreseeable future. We need a better economy and we need to be able to get some inflation recovery, which we're working very, very hard on.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate the thoughts. I will turn it over. Have a good quarter.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. I know you guys have touched on the paper business a number of times on volumes, but in 2016 obviously some dynamics impacting the year – sorry, 2015. But what is your thought process on volumes going forward? Are we kind of – is the decline in paper not 3% to 5% on a go-forward basis or do you think you've hit a tipping point here where maybe it's a little bit less? Could you just comment on that?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, Debbie. This is Mike Amick. Just commenting on the demand environment that we have. The data that you see out there for 2015, the overall uncoated free sheet market and paper market was down in the 1% range. And – but if you look at it over the course of the last couple of years, it's basically been down around 3% to 3.5%, which is kind of what it's been tracking at and what we see happening kind of going forward. In our business in particular, we had a very strong year last year going with some very good clients and very good customers in the right segments. We expect to do well in 2016 as well.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then if I could just ask one more about box shipments. Tim, is the implication that, yeah, you might be a little below the industry in Q1, but as you work on your mix of business, that we could see a shift in that as the quarters progress or is that something that it may be more of a 2017 event?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: We'll see how it plays, Debbi. I mean our view on our own business is that we'll be flat in the first quarter. We have a view that the market will grow, but we'll see how the economy plays out. We have exposure to certain segments, protein being one of them that, underperformed last year, given the some of the difficulties that they were – the protein customers were facing. And that's still yet to start really recovering. So we'll see how that plays out over 2016.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just one last one on exports. Just given your commentary on pricing volatility and you made a reference to weakness in Turkey, should we expect your export shipments to continue to decline from the current levels that you're currently sending out?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: We don't see that in the first quarter. We actually expect exports to rebound. January looks like it's coming in about where we expected it, February looks solid, pricing could drift down. We think it's not a huge drift, but I don't know if markets are beginning to stabilize just yet. But from a volume standpoint, first quarter looks better than fourth.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Danny Moran with Macquarie.
Danny Moran - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. On – in our heat map you showed some improvement from North American packaging operations sequentially, but it doesn't sound like this is going to be up too much. Just wanted to get your thoughts, you took a significant amount of economic downtime in 4Q, so I would think as you lap this into 1Q, there'll be a pretty nice sequential improvement. Any – can you give any color here?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging: I think, it's – Danny, it's Tim. I think it's somewhat a different quarter. We've got more outages. Seasonally, it's different. So I think it's going to depend. It's always a difficult quarter for us to gauge on operations. Last two years, we were impacted by weather. So far, we've kind of gotten the pass on weather. So I think the best thing is just to let us tell you about how it went when we get to the end of the first quarter.
Danny Moran - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. Thanks. And then can you just provide any thoughts on inflation this year? I know you hit on OCC, but we've seen cost deflation help out quite a bit, should we expect this to continue through the year or do you think fixed cost inflation could be more than an offset this year?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: This is Carol. I would say on the input side, our overall view of input is fairly muted this year, wouldn't call it stable, I just call it muted because we got some things that are very low levels like energy. And then we've got wood costs that have more to do with some other nature and that seem a little stubbornly high and I think Tim already mentioned OCC. On the other side, general inflation, our goal is, as I mentioned on our bridge on 2015, our goal is to offset all the other inflations that we see each year with our initiatives in manufacturing. And that inflation number is probably in the range of a $200 million to $225 million and that's on people and services and what not. And our goal on that as it is every year for International Paper is to offset that with just running better and improvement, which we've been doing.
Danny Moran - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Great. That's helpful and all for me. Good luck in the year.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Hey. Thanks very much for taking my questions, solid Q4. Just you signaled pulp pressure, and I just wanted to get some comments with respect to Ilim in your North American business. And then just on North America, just Riegelwood conversion, I understand that qualification for fluff by the end of the year, but how do you expect the absorption of that extra 400,000 tons into the market, i.e., when will it be done?
W. Michael Amick Jr. - Senior Vice President, North American Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, Paul, this is Mike Amick. In terms of the pulp, as Carol mentioned in her opening slide, we expect to be up and running in the May timeframe and kind of fully ramped up in terms of the production of that machine in the last, latter part of this year. In terms of the pressure that, that we're seeing out there, overall, last year, as we look at strategically where we're focused and where we're growing, we had a good year in our fluff growth, delivering at about 4%, 4.5% on our growth, so felt really good about that which is, hence, the need for the incremental capacity and the growth that we got planned for this year and going forward. On Ilim?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'll take the Ilim question, Mike. Thank you. Paul, on Ilim, we've seen some trail off in pricing as we finished the year. We still see that spilling a little bit into the first quarter. But it seems like the softwood pulp things are beginning to stabilize, and so that's kind of how our view is right now. Ilim is interesting because even with pricing pressures, we also have an (1:00:42) ever improving cost position. So our margins and the financial aspects of the business are still very strong.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back to Jay Royalty for final thoughts and closing remarks.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah, I'll let Mark make a couple of comments before I wrap it up.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jay. And I just wanted to kind of wrap up. We had a very robust discussion about 2015 and also about our first quarter. I think we're well positioned to execute well. We've been outlining (1:01:17) some issues we got to manage through the first quarter. And I think what we talked about in the full year, we feel very good about. International Paper is well positioned to generate very strong cash flow and generate very strong returns for full year 2016, and we look forward to tracking that along the way as we report out the quarter. So we really are excited about the opportunities in front of us for this year.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: Well, thanks, Mark, and thanks everyone for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call and our numbers are on slide 22 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers
Analysts: Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co. Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Patrick, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now return the call over to Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jay, the floor is yours.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of the presentation. We'll also present non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2015 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide four provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning to review our third quarter results and our outlook for the fourth quarter. I'm going to start on slide five. International Paper delivered another quarter of strong results with earnings per share of $0.97 in the third quarter. Earnings were driven by outstanding results in our North American Industrial Packaging business with EBITDA margins of 25.2%. Solid performance continues at the Ilim joint venture resulting in record operational EBITDA in the quarter. Additionally, IP received a $35 million dividend from Ilim in the third quarter. And finally, our return on invested capital continues to be strong with year-to-date results above 10%. On capital allocation we increased our dividend by 10% to $1.76 per share effective with the fourth quarter payout. Along with that we revisited and improved our dividend payout guidelines. Also we completed the restructuring and are extending the 2006 timber monetization. Carol will share more on these important items later in the call. And finally, we recently made a significant strategic decision that impacts how we will serve the important Asian market moving forward. Relative to closing the deal to sell our stake in the Sun joint venture, we have received the required government approvals and we expect to fully close the deal in the fourth quarter. Moving to slide six and continuing with our financial results, revenue was down year-over-year in the quarter as it has been all year; primarily this is due to the impact of FX translation. We also took a large noncash accounting charge of $0.15 in the quarter due to the decline in the value of the Russian ruble versus the dollar and that's primarily on Ilim's U.S. denominated net debt. More importantly or most importantly, I should say, we had a strong EBITDA quarter at almost $1.1 billion and with margins above 19%, strong free cash flow of $512 million and a return on invested capital of over 10%. So a good quarter and with that, I'll turn it over to Carol and ask her to cover the details on the quarter, also our outlook for the rest of the year and some comments on capital allocation. I'll return at the end to wrap up the call before we go into Q&A. Carol?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Taking a look at the bridge from the second quarter to third quarter you can see that our performance overall was fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter. The largest changes involve the noncash charge associated with the Ilim JV's U.S. dollar denominated net debt and that was due to the significant decline in the value of the ruble during the quarter. This more than offset the benefit of lower planned maintenance outage expense. Pricing was impacted by lower containerboard export pricing and unfavorable price mix on Coated Paperboard and papers. Overall across the businesses, volume was generally flat. We had solid operations in the quarter, and as expected, input costs were higher in the areas of energy, OCC and rail expense. The other category includes a favorable FX gain from Brazil, and as mentioned earlier, the Ilim JV performed very well with strong operations that positively contributed $0.04 per share. Turning to the segments on slide eight, Industrial Packaging continued its string of strong quarterly results, delivering $553 million of EBIT. Lower planned maintenance outage expense was the biggest driver of increased earnings in the quarter. Export containerboard prices continue to be under some pressure and we believe this is primarily due to the strong dollar. Volume was impacted by lower containerboard export tons and seasonal softness in Europe. Absolute box volume in our North American Box business is flat. Operational performance was solid and input costs were higher as I mentioned as we expected. Turning to slide nine, IP continues to enjoy industry-leading margin performance, as Mark mentioned, driven by the excellent execution of our North American Industrial Packaging team and this includes their commercial efforts. As you can see on the top right portion of this slide, we've made significant progress in closing the gap to industry box shipments over the last two quarters. This is due to new business wins we're securing, growth with our existing customers through winning in their respective segments and our significant presence in segments which are growing faster than the industry average. As you can see at the bottom of the slide, we're seeing positive growth trends in Online Retail and Distribution, Agricultural products and Beverage. Protein is a segment that's important to us and that has recently struggled but it is showing signs of resumed growth. Processed Foods is a large segment that continues to be challenged as consumer preferences are shifting. But overall we're encouraged by our results and the trends we're seeing as we move into the fourth quarter. Turning to Consumer Packaging, earnings were higher due to lower planned maintenance outage expense and improved operations. While volume was up slightly in both North America and Europe, it was weaker than we expected for this time of year. We did experience softer backlogs in North America which we view as a result of customer destocking across the industry. And we also experienced some price pressure on plate stock along with a less favorable mix in North America. Turning to slide 11. It was a very good quarter for our Printing Papers business with earnings up $78 million. We had seasonally stronger volume, lower planned outage expense and stronger operations, and these were the key drivers. This was partially offset by lower price mix in North American Paper, a bit less favorable pulp mix and an increase in Russian exports. Looking at Slide 12, I'd like to take a minute to highlight a business that I think really shows the strength of IP's competitive position and that's our Brazilian Paper business. As we all know Brazil faces a host of challenges right now as it's in the midst of a very deep recession. What I think gets lost relative to IP is the fact that despite the current situation, our Papers business continues to perform very well and continues to generate strong EBITDA margin above 30%. Despite the weak domestic economy we've implemented one round and are working on a second round of domestic price increases which are helping to offset weak domestic demand as well as increased inflation. Additionally our export position is stronger than ever due to our strengthened competitive position and the benefit of the currency devaluation to our cost position. We expect to build on the momentum we saw in the third quarter as we move through the fourth quarter as volumes seasonally strengthen and we implement the second round of domestic price increases. Turning to Ilim. The JV delivered record operational EBITDA, as Mark mentioned, in the third quarter and this was all around strong operations and increased volume. Production at the Bratsk mill was at a record levels in the third quarter, exceeded the capital project targets that we had set. As noted earlier, the JV did take a large, non-cash charge in the quarter for the decline in the value of the ruble primarily related to the JV's U.S. denominated debt. As Mark mentioned, we did receive a dividend payment from the JV in the quarter of $35 million. Looking ahead, the JV is expecting seasonally higher volumes to be offset by lower average pulp prices and higher input costs in the fourth quarter. So moving to the fourth quarter outlook, volume in North America will be lower due to primarily three less shipping days in the North American Box business and seasonally lower specialty sales. This will impact North American Industrial Packaging results by about $35 million. Volume will also be impacted by fewer shipping days in North American Consumer Packaging. We expect seasonally stronger volume as I mentioned in the Brazil Paper business. We expect pricing to be relatively stable for the businesses; however, we do see a less favorable seasonal mix across our North American Paper, Pulp and Packaging businesses. Operational costs will be a headwind in the quarter relative to the third quarter. Part of this stems from the flooding that we saw in South Carolina earlier this month which impacted both our Eastover and Georgetown mills. Additionally, with the lower demand expected in North America due to fewer shipping days combined with starting to move into the winter months across the U.S., operational costs will be higher as will energy expenses. We expect the impact to the North American Paper and Pulp business to be roughly $25 million and that does include the impacts from the flood and the operational impact that had. We expect similar seasonality issues to impact the North American Packaging business by roughly $20 million. And relative to input costs, we expect energy expenses for the North American businesses to be about $10 million higher in the fourth quarter. Maintenance outage expense will increase collectively by $45 million as shown on the slide. And as always, we provide an outlook for Ilim assuming stable FX coming out of the quarter. So the fourth quarter outlook assumes a non-repeat of the $0.15 charge we incurred in 3Q. So shifting gears before I turn it back over to Mark, I'd like to provide an update on capital allocation and how we think about this important area. This has been a consistent message and we've continued to refine our thinking and our approach relative to driving the greatest value for our IP and for our shareholders. To start, of course cash from operations enabled IP to fund all of these important elements so our focus continues to be on maximizing cash generation. Looking at the top left portion of the slide, one of the most important aspects of our capital allocation philosophy is to systematically return a significant portion of our cash to shareholders. As Mark mentioned, we've revisited the trough-test for our dividend. And based on a higher level of confidence around the sustainability of our cash flow, we have increased the target payout from the previously noted 30% to 40% now to 40% to 50% of our free cash flow. Opportunistic share buybacks as we've been doing since we instituted the first authorization roughly two years ago remains a very important part of this element of our strategy. Thoughtful and effective capital spending is another critical element. We're generating strong results and are committed to running a socially responsible company. And to maintain that level of excellence requires a base load of maintenance and regulatory spending. Beyond that, we look at high return cost reduction projects that help to offset inflationary costs and that enable IP to maintain and increase our competitiveness. Next, we intend to maintain a strong and healthy balance sheet and that includes an investment-grade credit rating. We believe this is important to maintain the financial strength and flexibility needed to go through the good times and the not so good times. And finally, we continue to look for ways to increase the value of IP through reinvestment. This is all about opportunities that have healthy spreads above our cost of capital and importantly improve IP's strategic position. So given that cash from operations funds the important elements of our capital allocation strategy that I just spoke about, slide 16 shows our cash from operations annually since 2008. We have been generating significant cash and combined with our thoughtful approach to CapEx, this has allowed us to maximize free cash flow. So turning to an update on our capital allocation activity in the quarter, let's talk about a number of these items. As mentioned, we recently increased our dividend by 10% effective with the fourth quarter payout to $1.76 per share annually. This marks our fourth consecutive annual double digit increase since the fall of 2012. And as I mentioned, we strengthened our policy to move the target payout range up to 40% to 50% of free cash flow. Share buyback remains an important part of our capital allocation strategy. We bought 151 million of shares in the third quarter which has brought our year-to-date total to 423 million shares and our total since September of 2013 to almost 1.9 billion shares. Moving onto the next item, as we have previously disclosed, we needed to take action this year regarding the loan agreements associated with IP's sale of the of timberlands back in 2006. Our objective was to reduce IP's risk and preserve financial flexibility while maintaining the deferral of $1.4 billion in taxes. We took a series of successful actions during the third quarter to achieve those objectives. I think it's important to first remind everyone on the context around this and then walk you through in a bit more detail than I might normally do, the details of what we accomplished in the third quarter and what we plan to do in the fourth quarter. As you know, we sold some of our timberlands in 2006 for $4.85 billion in an installment sale which resulted in a deferral of $1.4 billion in taxes on the proceeds from that sale. The 2006 structure was up for extension renewal later this year and into 2016. So we thoroughly evaluated not only an extension of the structure but also restructuring options that would reduce IP's exposure to bank risk while continuing to maintain the $1.4 billion tax deferral. Ultimately we moved forward in the third quarter with a restructuring which provides IP with benefits and flexibility going forward. Third quarter restructuring will be followed in the fourth quarter with a five-year extension of the new structure. The original structure was full recourse meaning that we pledged not one the timber notes but also $4.85 billion in IP debt obligation as collateral for the bank loan. A lot has changed since we put the original structure in place making this type of structure no longer the most prudent for International Paper. So we made the decision to move to a limited recourse structure. The first step in this process was to buy out our third party equity investor for $198 million. That investor was necessary in the original structure but was no longer needed in the new structure. Additionally, moving to the new structure allowed us to eliminate $150 million of debt from our balance sheet. The most significant requirement in the move from full recourse to limited recourse was to adequately collateralize the $4.85 billion of bank loan. To accomplish that, we made a $630 million payment against those loans which comes back to IP when we receive the cash from the timber notes. As a result of moving to limited recourse, the assets and liabilities associated with the structure have come onto our balance sheet in the third quarter which is similar to the treatment we have with the Temple-Inland timber monetization. In the fourth quarter, we will work to put permanent financing in place for the five year extension and following the five year extension, the monetization structure can be extended up to an additional 15 years. So to summarize, a tremendous amount of work was accomplished in the quarter. We set the stage for completion of the five year extension of the timber monetization which really allows us to keep the option up to an additional 15 years. The new structure eliminates IP's exposure to significant risk and it maintains the $1.4 billion tax deferral. So going back to the slide and moving on to capital spending, we have set the 2016 plan at $1.4 billion which will include spending related to the projects we announced last quarter for the North American Industrial Packaging system as well as the Riegelwood fluff pulp conversion project. And finally, as you know on October 8, we announced our decision to sell our stake in the Sun JV to our partner for $23 million. And importantly, the deal also includes the removal of roughly $400 million of JV debt off of IP's consolidated balance sheet. As Mark mentioned earlier, we've made a lot of progress towards the close and expect to finalize everything shortly. And so with that, let me turn it back over to you, Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Carol, for taking us through all those details on the very important elements of capital allocation. I feel good about our capital allocation strategy and the work we accomplished in the third quarter. It was a busier than normal quarter on that front. These are the right moves for IP, and I'm really confident about our path ahead. What I would like to do, though, on slide 18, is put a little more context around our strategic decision relative to Asia and what we see as a continued important market for IP. And you've heard me say this before. We've been looking at China for a while. We serve it many different ways, and we reached a conclusion that serving Asia in all of those ways that we have in the past is really no longer the best strategy to maximize value for IP. So we decided to exit the on-the-ground manufacturing we do in China for Coated Paperboard as well as our Industrial Packaging Box business. That's both in China and Southeast Asia, the Box businesses. We'll continue to serve customers though, in this really important region, in a variety of ways – in ways that are working very well today, including exports from our Ilim joint venture for softwood pulp and select exports from the U.S. of globally competitive products like our Kraft linerboard and our fluff pulp. So China and Asia remain important to us. We're willing to re-evaluate how we serve the markets as we go through time, and that's what we did in this case. This is a significant decision for the company and one that makes IP even stronger and more valuable. So on the last slide before we go to Q&A, on slide 19, in closing I'd like to turn to the investment pieces for International Paper. We've built a portfolio with strong competitive positions in key select markets where International Paper has a right to win. If we execute well, we have a right to win. I like our portfolio and we'll continue to look for opportunities to refine it and improve the company as we move forward. Our strategy is enabling us to achieve an increased return on invested capital above our cost of capital, and we've been doing this for the last five years, so we're really convinced that we can sustainably continue to generate these type of returns and continue to improve the company. We're also generating – and Carol mentioned this – it's really critical that we focus on the cash flow element of our company so that we can fund our capital allocation strategy. And again, we're proving that we can generate strong, sustainable free cash flow year in and year out across the company. And finally, we're focused on thoughtful capital allocation, which we just had a detailed view of on Carol's last slide that's based on the principles of creating value, rewarding our shareholders and making International Paper a better company that you can count on for the long term. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and we'll open up the floor for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Again, please limit your questions to one and a follow-up. Your first question is from Chris Manuel, Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks for the color and all the components here. Just one – kind of taking a step back, Mark. I mean over the last say 12 months or so you've done a number of actions mostly deletes or cleaning up elements of the portfolio. As you sit today, do you feel that you're largely done with what you want to do with the portfolio? Are there components in the business that look particularly attractive to you that you feel that you'd want to be adding or looking at? So with respect to how are you thinking about acquisitions or the portfolio as a whole as it sits today.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chris, that's a great question and some of what you do naturally over time is what we've been talking about in the last year, which is refining the portfolio, recognizing that sometimes everything we're trying to do isn't working the way we thought it would be and that'd be a continued element of how we look at the company. But I would remind you, though, that we have not just taken some things out, we've also reinvested in a pretty big way and it's paying dividends into our Industrial Packaging business. It doesn't get the same press as an acquisition but making that business even stronger through improving our operations on the box side as well as the mill side has had a pretty good effect and we've got more to do there. And I mentioned in my comments, I like the portfolio but by no means does that mean there won't be any more changes. The changes will come against our filter of can we make the company stronger and create more value and generate more cash that we can then fund our capital allocation strategy through. So on M&A, I've said this before, M&A is obviously a part of your strategy in any company but again, against our filter of creating value and doing things that increase the return on invested capital with a good spread above our cost of capital would be the first place we'd start. And obviously the industrial logic of what we do and do well has to fit as well.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And as a follow-up, if I could. As I look at – you've got a slide here where you highlight downtime that you've taken across most of your mills and such, when we think about downtime in North America with significant amount of – there's been some chunks of new capacity come on-stream, there have been even more chunks of capacity that have come out. How do you think about the market as it sits today? Is it relatively balanced to you? Do you feel that – as I look over the past three years, you've taken downtime I think in all but one of the quarters, do you feel that you're kind of about done needing to take downtime or perhaps de-evaluate, maybe taking a little capacity out yourselves?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Chris, that's a great question and this is a statement across all of our businesses. We run the operations based on our order book and our capacity given outages and all of those things doesn't perfectly match our demand. Demand seasonality and capacity seasonality are somewhat out of phase in our business, we've limited that over time. The Containerboard business has gotten really good at it because we have so many mills but we're going to make the product and all of those businesses that we have orders for and that we need, that's what yields the amount of downtime we take. What we've learned to do, though, is take that downtime on a marginal cost basis and do it pretty efficiently. We are no longer practicing paper making from yesterday where the only way you make money is if you run everything wide open to its engineering limit. We've now improved our system enough where we can run our business at our manufacturing facilities to the market demand we have and be profitable doing it. And we continue to work to get better at that because that's a real important element of having the kind of company that we tried to create; flexibility and the ability to match the orders we have any quarter, any month or any year.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. And maybe following up a little bit on that, in terms of the outlook you gave guidance indications on the impacts from volume, I think impacting you talked about like $35 million for volume and you talked about the operations in paper and packaging, input costs, mill maintenance, et cetera. I think it summed up something like $135 million, $140 million which would suggest in the low $0.20. First of all, would that be about right in terms of the impacts from those elements? And other than the Ilim coming the other way, would there be anything else significant? And related to that, does that capture the expectations of the seasonal type of downtime that you might take which you were just referring to? And if you could help us out there.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Mark, this is Carol. I think for sure what we were attempting to do was to kind of highlight that seasonality because that's a lot of what you're seeing there. It's about the days, it's about the time of year, it's about the order patterns that we see. And since the third quarter is a strong quarter traditionally and the fourth quarter tends to be a seasonally weaker quarter and that's – I think you've captured it.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then just another – one quick follow-up on the Uncoated Freesheet business, now we've seen the countervailing duties in place for a little while. What if any implications has that been having for the North American market and then I guess in your case too what you do in Brazil?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, Mark. This is Mike Amick. Just real quickly on that, I mean it's still rather fluid in terms of the market as we see changes in the dynamics that are happening with regard to imports and as they take effect. They're still preliminary, final duties will come in in February. As you saw from the stats, some of these are still estimates. We saw a decrease year-over-year in the third quarter by roughly 80,000 tons. The overall market right now we think is kind of year-to-date is roughly down about 1% to 1.5%. And so I think this is going to still be somewhat of a moving – and fluid over the course over the next several quarters. With respect to Brazil and the volume there, we weren't moving a lot of product into this market from Brazil. What was coming into warehouses, say in Miami, was going out into other parts of Latin America. So from a Brazil standpoint in the U.S. that was really not a big impact.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. And so it is fair to say because that 1%, 1.5% that's certainly better than what we have been seeing. So does the net effect at this point seem to be favorable at least near-term on the market?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Yeah. Mark, I mean I think that's a fair statement. Certainly where we've been seeing kind of the 3% to 4% decline, this has been an improvement that we've seen. And as far as International Paper goes, we've done a little bit better than that.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, everyone. A couple of questions, maybe going back to just Containerboard supply and demand in the U.S., can you talk about how you're seeing demand thus far in the quarter? How you're thinking about your inventory position relative to where you need it to be and just what you're seeing in export markets?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah. Good morning. This is Tim Nicholls. Actually demand starting in the fourth quarter is reasonably good and I think you have to remember we're up against a pretty tough comp given how well the market performed last year. The market was building in August/September but then continuing to the fourth quarter. So I think any positive growth, I mean any positive growth this year in the fourth quarter has to be viewed as a big plus. And in October we're trending positive. So right now we're up about 1% but I think we're encouraged so far. In terms of inventory, we grew our inventories from second quarter to third quarter and they're roughly where we wanted them. We did that for two reasons, one, we've talked about before, supply chain efficiencies and the return on carrying a little bit more inventory more than pays for itself. But also as we came out of the second quarter, we were just coming out of heavy outage and so we had depleted inventories, built them back in the third quarter to get ready for fourth quarter outage season. So I think we're in a good place in terms of our inventories.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, Tim. And just a last one from me, thinking about the capital allocation. So a couple of things that you said. One was the investment-grade balance sheet, and two, was the deal, most importantly has to drive return on invested capital above the cost of capital. So on the investment-grade, what's sort of the upper limit around leverage as you see it? And the return above invested capital, does that mean in the first year or do you feel like as long as you can get to that number by year two, three, or four, you'd still be willing to look at an acquisition that's transformative?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Alex, I'll take the second part and I'll ask Carol to comment on our debt metrics. I think on the investments, significant investments we need to see line-of-sight to an ROIC that bats the cost of capital pretty quickly in those first – like you said first two or three years. And then we need to believe we have actionable plans to get it to a spread of maybe 200 basis points above our cost and it doesn't need to be a forever task. And you've seen us do that on our big acquisitions, Weyerhaeuser and Temple, for example, and we're not going to be perfect. But that's really what we're looking at and that's a filter that we are all aligned on and so we see it pretty quickly.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Alex, regarding the investment-grade. In our space, three times debt to EBITDA for us feels comfortable. One of the strengths of International Paper that you have to remember is because our businesses are so well positioned in the markets and their cost position, our cash flow generation pretty much throughout most conditions remains very strong. And so we feel comfortable keeping that type of leverage and as do the rating agencies. And the reputation we have with the rating agencies which we do what we say we're going to do, and that's been working well for us.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Excellent. Thank you, Mark and Carol.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon, Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Thanks, and good morning. Just a quick question about the change in the timber transaction from 10 years ago. It's on the balance sheet as a current item, I guess that's because you're going through this transition and I don't think it was there before. Will that be removed from the balance sheet? Since it's non-recourse or will we continue to see the offsetting entries on the asset and liability side as long-term going forward?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. It's in the current because we're in the process of putting the permanent financing in place in the fourth quarter. So we'll put the permanent financing in place in the fourth quarter and it'll move out of current. And then it'll be treated just like the Temple-Inland timber monetization is but you will see it on the balance sheet, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got you. And then second question is on the capital spending. It seemed like after the last call in late July, early August that CapEx for next year was looking to be above the depreciation rate, maybe $1.6 billion because of the $300 million program in Industrial Packaging and how that was an overt, above and beyond investment that you were using with free cash flow given the returns. So now it looks like you're guiding down the CapEx for next year from what we would have thought. I know you didn't have an official number at the last call. And I was wondering what items or how you were able to make those changes and what the thought was behind that decline.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'm going to just take a shot at this and then obviously let Mark comment. But I think what happened in July is we just were not in our process yet to declare what our 2016 plan was but we felt important to communicate to our investors our plans around the business. And so what we talked about in July was the project and agreed that we left it open that there could be a change to the 2016 capital. But obviously we do our planning work as we enter this time of year getting ready for 2016 and we just feel comfortable that we can get the work done that we need to get done on the projects and in the company with the $1.4 billion. So I don't think it's any more complicated than that, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And does that include anymore Boiler MACT or did that drop off?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It includes what's in there so that includes our regulatory required spending.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. And last quick question is on – you talked about China and how obviously it's an important market but certainly serving them in the fluff market from the States and in the softwood pulp market and I guess virgin linerboard from Russia, certainly for a lot of reasons makes sense given the fiber situation. Could you make the same argument or would you about India? Or are there differences about India than what you see in China?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chip, I think you could make arguments that obviously there are different economic barriers at any moment in time, whether it's tariffs, the supply chain maturity and all of those things that would allow you to make money serving a market with imported products. I mean the fundamental element is what you just said and that is if you have globally competitive products from a quality standpoint, which we have and a globally competitive cost position and in our business it starts with fiber, that if you can access a market that appreciates your product you should be able to make that work. And you can see examples of that in the forest product industry all over the world. So that's something we always look at and it goes back to our multichannel strategy in our Containerboard business. We are containerboard providers for the world markets, not just the U.S. market and we've been doing that for a long time because the product's good and our cost position is good and our service platform is trusted by the customer. So it's definitely a possibility.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman, UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Going back to the capital program in Industrial Packaging, is there any further guidance in terms of how that's going to roll out over the next year or two in terms of both the spending and the kind of incremental capacity that may come with it? Is that in the same timeline that you would have thought last quarter or has that been refined?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Hi, Gail. It's Tim. Yes. It's in line, no changes to how we were thinking. As you'll remember we talked about this being spending that we would begin in 2016 and it would roll into 2017 and no change to anything, the spending or the timeline.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just a reminder, Gail, on when Tim covered those projects last quarter he talked about the drivers of those projects including the Industrial Packaging containerboard manufacturing system. There's a lot of elements, quality improvement, cost reduction, and if we need it, a volume component. And of course we'll make the volume and consume the volume in our own box plants and in our open market channels if the demand is there. If it's not there, those are still really good projects from the first two elements of cost and quality.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And back last fall when you announced the plans to restart Valliant you talked about also bringing Newport out of medium and more into facing paper. And I'm just wondering, can you give an update on where you stand on that? Have you accomplished it or is that yet to come?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: We haven't accomplished it fully, we continue to grow our gypsum product there and so we're encouraged by the growth that we see and the contractual obligations that we have going forward. So it's in process and we'll continue to work on it. We're trying to do all of this in a very methodical way and eliminate or minimize disruption.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. One for Tim. Tim you talked about the October pickup in U.S. box demand that you're seeing up about 1%. Given that industry box demand growth has slowed throughout the course of the year and given the obvious pockets of weakness evident in the U.S. economy, are you surprised that your shipments are up 1% in October? And do you expect that type of growth to continue?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Well, it's hard to predict the future in terms of what will happen. As I said, fourth quarter is a tough comp. We had some exposures earlier in the year just based on our segment mix in terms of processed foods and how they have underperformed for a period of time now. Another one that underperformed in the first part of the year, well really right through the third quarter, has been protein, Avian flu in poultry and there was a ban on certain countries allowing imported poultry products. Those bans have been lifted. We're actually now seeing a bit of recovery. We hope that will continue through the fourth quarter. So yes, there's the economy and you read about manufacturing. I think what's maybe hurting us a little bit earlier in the year potentially is now helping us. But one bright spot, we saw our beverage sales pick up in the third quarter, which was a little bit of a reversal of a trend. And so I think that is a helpful and a hopeful sign. The other thing, we have a fairly large exposure to e-commerce, and indication so far is that it looks like it has potential for a really big season in the fourth quarter.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. And one for Mark. Mark, your EBITDA is down about 4% to 5% year to date, and I fully appreciate that emerging markets have been worse than many folks expected. Do you have reason to think next year will be notably different than this year in terms of the year-over-year changes in EBITDA? And if so, can you give any sense as to why? Thanks very much.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Adam. I think we obviously intended to improve our EBITDA this year for the reasons you mentioned. We've had some improvements, but we've given it back because of some of the headwinds. We're evaluating our outlook for next year, but we feel good about the level of performance that we have as a company, and we believe we can sustain that level of performance. The global economy is going to really provide an opportunity to improve or stay the same, and we're still evaluating that right now. But we feel good about the level that we're at. And our goal is obviously to continue to grow the earnings of the company.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys. Can you provide some color on the weakness you called out in North America consumer? Is the pricing slippage pretty much isolated to the plate stock business? And has the downtime you've taken during the quarter pretty much tightened up the market at this point?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hey, Phil. This is Mike, Mike Amick. What we've seen in the third quarter, as Carol mentioned in her comments, we do think that there is some sluggish demand out there. Most of that is really wrapped around some destocking through the supply chain. We've seen some – at our converters a fair amount of 3% to 4% kind of pulldown in stock, that coupled with some already elevated inventories across the industry, we think is explaining a lot of that. Our volume, we've had a couple of specific accounts around our backlogs as well as some measured decisions that we took as far back as a year-and-a-half ago to start focusing and pulling back on some of our export business. And as Mark said, we're going to continue in this business and all businesses to manage to our order book. So fourth quarter in this business tends to be a little seasonally challenged as we know. And I will say on our food service side in the cup stock business, in the managing through that portion of our business is very strong. We've seen some – having a great year with our shipments up about 6% year-to-date and we've got strong order books in that business. We just completed the kit and footprint expansion. Those new machines and cup converting machines are being deployed now and we're actually operating that new equipment. So we're excited about that portion of our business.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess switching gears back to Containerboard, I mean there's been a lot of questions on the call about supply/demand, more short-term nature but medium to longer-term I think, Mark, you've always kind of characterized the market as being balanced. But based on some of the capacity that's coming on and one of your big competitors adding a fair amount of capacity in the fourth quarter at least, what's your view on supply/demand going forward? And just wanted to get some thoughts on the export market, you've seen some weakness there on pricing, it does seem like a lot of your competitors are pulling back in that market. Do you have a sense if prices are going to start stabilizing here or is there still some downside risk? Thanks.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah. Hi, it's Tim. Just on the capacity question, I'm not going to comment on what competitors do with their capacity. So we have up to this point with capacity additions been able to manage our way through the whole process with our customers and I think we're offering a different value proposition than a lot of the capacity that started up over the past two years. We have good geographic coverage, we have wide product mix and we have tremendous capability across our whole system that allows us to sell to customers providing quality service and product range. On exports, it's been a little bit softer here in late summer as we entered the third quarter, not much. And I think the surprising thing is with the strength of the dollar, virgin Kraft linerboard exports, the markets we sell to, it's held up reasonably well for the year, which says to us, it's a little bit of a question mark, but it says to us there's a need for the product that they're buying as opposed to just general economic conditions for all packaging in the region. So there's a little bit of softness around price, not much, and hopefully it will stabilize through the fourth quarter. But I think the markets have held up reasonably well this year.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Tim, are mill nets pretty much at a point where a decision has to be made whether or not your high cost capacity makes sense to run and kind of support that export market? I'm just trying to get a better sense if there's – we're at a point where export prices stabilize this year? Thanks.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: We still like our margins on exports.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Phil, another part of your question was around pricing and was that isolated to the plate stock. It primarily is. We're seeing some softness in the folding side, but most of that is isolated to the plate stock business.
Operator: And your next question comes from George Staphos, Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details and taking my questions. Carol, I wanted to come back to the Timber transaction. I just want to make sure that I had a good sort of holistic on it. So you're going to be making a payment of roughly $600 million. Has that already occurred or will that be occurring in the fourth quarter? Where will we see it? I'm assuming we'll see it in the balance sheet in debt. And for making that payment you defer the tax, which is I think – you defer payment on the tax for $1.4 billion for as much as five years and perhaps as much as 15 years, would that be fair? And what else have I left out or mischaracterized?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So to take the first question, yes. The cash went into the structure last quarter. So that's done. And what you'll see on the balance sheet, George, is going to be simply – you'll actually see the cash go away from the cash line, and then you'll see on the assets side, you'll see the assets from the special purpose entity, and then down in the liability side, you'll see the other side of the equation, the non-recourse financial liability of it. So that's what you'll see on the balance sheet. So you'll see $4.85 billion up in assets, and then you'll see the $4.2 billion down in the liability line. And the delta is the cash that we put into the deal, essentially. That's the simple way to think about it.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And in turn, you'll defer the taxes for at least another five years, perhaps as much as 15 years. Is that correct?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. If you go back to the structure, the structure was for 30 years total. So we did the first 10 years. And the way the original deal was structured it was 10 years with four five-year extensions, which got you to the total of 30 years. So this first one is for the first five years, and then that gives us the option at the end of this five years for three more five years or another 15 years.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. That's clear. As I mentioned earlier, we appreciate the details, particularly like slide nine and slide 15 on the capital allocation. My other question, a lot of them have already been asked, as you look at supply/demand again in paperboard broadly, and realizing that you're going to run your system as always to demand, some of your competitors, one of your larger ones in South America, has talked about ramping up their own boxboard production. And then in Europe one of your larger global peers, if you will, has talked about bringing on one of their large conversion projects a little bit earlier than expected. None of this is really new news, but has that changed at all your outlook in terms of being able to supply the market? Or are you seeing a bit more competition in these markets as a result? Thanks, guys.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: George, that's a great question. The paperboard market does have a global element to it depending on the type of product, and we've been managing these shifts and changes in the different geographies and the type of product used. You know we make SPS in the U.S., but we make folding boxboard in Europe, and we obviously take all of that into our thought process around how we're going to make – what we're going to make and where we're going to make it. As Mike mentioned, a portion of our value proposition is that we provide products really on the high end of the paperboard product spectrum to really, really good converting customers. And then on the cup side, we are one of those really, really good converters that provide the final product. And so I wouldn't say that any of those announcements or changes or intentions that you mentioned create an immediate reaction into IP's plans, but we consider them. But our position in this market we feel pretty good about in terms of the customers we have, the converting we do ourselves, and the competitiveness that we have both on a cost and product side. So we'll keep watching the market that we play in, but that's kind of how we look at it.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Mark, the Varkhaus project also then hasn't changed your outlook at this juncture? That was part of my oblique reference there before. Again, thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, George.
Operator: Our next question is from Debbie Jones, Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask about Brazil. Your guidance on slide 14, it's always interesting when you see Brazil listed as stable in Packaging kind of across the board. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on one, do you think there's opportunity for pricing to be a benefit just given that you've seen some announcements out there for the fourth quarter? And then two, just operationally should we be looking for more improvement either in the fourth quarter into 2016? Because I think you've mentioned in the past that you'd like to take out some cost in that operation.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Debbie, that's a good question. The Brazil Packaging business, Carol highlighted the Paper business and the business model in Paper is different. We export about half of what we make so we have a different profit model. The Box business is all about the Brazil economy and the negative 2.5% GDP is a negative 2.5% box demand and that is the challenge. The demand is soft, inflation is up and we've struggled to recover that with pricing. We're starting to see some price movement but I think the first time you try to really get something in is the hardest in an inflation environment that has a demand decline. So our view on that business right now is we're realigning our manufacturing assets and taking out the cost we talked about and we're repositioning ourselves for the best place we can participate commercially. So there's been some customer turnover, we were doing some things we probably weren't the best suited to do. We're replacing some of that business with business we're more competitive on. It's going to be a work-in-process. Be great when we get Brazil back to a plus 2% or 3% versus a minus 2.5% because it'll definitely help with the business performance.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then if I could just ask a follow-up on pension expenses. Are you able to comment at all just kind of looking at 2016 based on how your assets have performed and rates, if we should see an incremental pension expense in 2016?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Debbie, we don't anticipate a required pension contribution in 2016.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dr. Mark Wilde, BMO Capital Management.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Mark. Good morning, Carol.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I have a question and a follow-on. And the question really is on the EBITDA targets that you've set out in the past at Investor Days, both in terms of the level and in growth rate, and do we need to rethink those? And if so, how are you thinking about them?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well those targets we've talked a lot about. The company's quite a bit different than it was when we set the target back in 2012. So I think the intent is to maximize the EBITDA potential of the company that we have and obviously growing EBITDA is a part of creating value over the long term. So that will stay in our targets and goals. We aren't prepared to throw another target out there at this moment in time, but rest assured, part of what we talked about doing was creating value over time. It had an EBITDA number, it had a margin number and it had a return number. We're hitting on some of those, but we've obviously been short on the EBITDA line.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And, Mark, if I could as just a follow-up, your comments around China and what you were kind of hinting at in terms of potentially India about being a fiber exporter rather than being a manufacturer in the country, over time exporting kind of pulp and container board has been one of the most volatile segments of the business. So can you just kind of help us weigh that element of your strategy with the volatility that historically has come with it?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the serving of markets that have a growth profile but may not have a raw material or natural resource advantage is never going to be the primary business of International Paper, and it's probably not the primary business of most forest products companies. But it is a very good way to use fully your assets, turn those assets at the highest level, and generate tremendous cash. And the volatility is something I think you can manage when the base of your business, as is the case of most forest products, you make it and use it in the same region. So this isn't a shift to being a global exporter of everything. This is just saying we have the best chance to serve these markets with the lowest cost, highest quality products, and they need the products. So there's a win for our company, and there's a win for the local producers who may just want the resource to do the conversion themselves. So that's kind of how we look at it.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks, Mark. Good luck in the fourth quarter.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Just circling back to North American Containerboard, you have a slide that shows you closing the volume gap with the industry, but it seems like the erosion in box prices or price mix that you saw in 3Q stepped up a bit from 2Q. I was wondering if you could just give us some color on the competitive market conditions you're seeing in North American box markets And maybe reconcile the expectation for flat pricing in 4Q with what seems like maybe a tougher box price, tougher box market, if that's accurate?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Hey, Anthony. It's Tim. The box market is always competitive. But having said that, the price mix, there was more mix in the numbers than there was price given – we have huge swings from month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter sometimes based on seasonality. And so I think the market feels pretty stable to us.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just circling back to China and potentially serving China from Russia. I'm guessing adding Kraft line or capacity at Ilim will be pretty attractive given where the ruble is. But on the other hand, obviously the risks of doing business in Russia seem pretty elevated right now. Mark, I was wondering if you could just contrast those two things in terms of future investments in Ilim, especially on the Kraft liner side versus the geopolitical risks in Russia.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Anthony, that's a great question. On the first part, we're not potentially supplying China from Ilim and it is a big part of what's happening today and has been happening very successfully. And of course it's back to what I said earlier, there's a raw material renewable natural resource advantage and a high quality, low cost manufacturing operation that's located adjacent to a needing and growing market. We do make some containerboard in Ilim today and it's obviously one of the best places in the world given the softwood profile to make Kraft liner and Ilim is a publicly traded company. We have a 50% position in it, they have a strategic plan, they're working that. Right now our focus at Ilim is to operate the first phase of what we've done with the market pulp operations at Bratsk and the improvements we've made in the Western Russian operations to serve the Russian market and we're doing quite well on that. On the geopolitical things, I was there last week, our view on some of these things is a very long-term view and political issues come and go. And we have very good partners, we have a very good access to the people we need to in the government and we feel like our business is sustainable over the long term. We are obviously mindful of the issues that are going on and we hope to work through those and hopefully the business environment transcends the political environment which it has in many cases in many parts of the world over time.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Steve Chercover from D. A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning. The pressure's on. So the first question, I've noticed over the last five years your distribution expenses as a percent of sales have gone from 5.2% in 2010 to 6.4% last year. Is there anything you can do to stop this steady progression?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'm actually glad, Steve, you've pointed that out. It's something we've been talking about. It was a big reason for our supply chain investments we made, both on the people side and on the technology side over the last several years. I think we've mitigated what would have been a worse situation. We also changed the way we think about the full supply chain, including our inventory position in certain businesses. But we've got to use what we call in our company, ME – it's a set of tools that really are focused on lean manufacturing techniques that take waste and variability out and challenge what we're doing and how we deliver our product. Because I remember when I started working in this industry, it was a rounding error and today costs to get our products to market safely and reliably is at a level that it becomes a strategic issue to manage. So we've got a lot of really good people on it. We've invested in capability, and so we are making a difference. That 6% in many cases would have been completely out of control had we not intervened, but it's something we work on every day.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah. Thanks. $1.5 billion is not chump change.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not at all.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: A couple for Carol, I suppose. The share purchase activity in the quarter, as I see it, seemed to be pretty much limited to the program and not much more. So I'm wondering whether the exit from the Sun joint venture precluded you from being more aggressive.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You know, Steve, as we said, our share buyback program will continue to be opportunistic, and it'll be a combination of how we're seeing the value as well as the cash available at a point in time. So there's no less focus or importance on that. As we go forward, just continue to watch our actions on that.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And final one. Just what prompted the increase in the dividend payout ratio? Clearly, we're happy. Does it reflect maybe a little bit less of an ambitious acquisition strategy?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Steve, our dividend payout policy really is based on our confidence of sustainable cash flow generation, and we do that with a trough test, where we look at conditions that reasonably could go wrong and are we comfortable at 40% to 50% of our cash flow, and does it stand the test of our internal trough testing. We adjusted our trough conditions based on new information about our businesses and how they're running, and what the competitive positions are. So that led us to feel like we can grow from 30% to 40% to 40% to 50%. It's really about that more than it is about what it says about other uses of cash or the other elements that Carol covered in our capital allocation. We feel real good about the cash generation potential of our company and that we should return a significant portion of that through a dividend to our shareholders, and we think we can do that at the 40% to 50% rate.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Terrific. Okay. Well happy holidays to everyone. We'll speak to you in 2016.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Well thanks all for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call for any additional questions you have, our phone numbers are on slide 20 of the presentation. And have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers
Analysts: Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the International Paper Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will open the call up for a question-and-answer session. Now, it is my pleasure to hand the call over to, Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks a lot, Kristin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide 2 of our presentation. We'll also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2015 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jay, and good morning everyone and thank you very much for joining our call to review our second quarter results and outlook for the third quarter. I'm going to start on slide 5. International Paper delivered another strong result in the second quarter. Our earnings per share was $0.97 compared with $0.93 last year. In addition to the EPS, free cash flow was substantial at $511 million in the quarter, up from $377 million last year. Earnings were driven by outstanding results in our North American Industrial Packaging business with EBITDA margin just over 24%. Operations performed well around the globe and we successfully executed 11 major maintenance outages across the entire enterprise. Solid performance continues at the Ilim JV, delivering equity earnings to IP of $67 million in the quarter. I'm also very pleased to report that the number-three containerboard machine at our Valliant facility is fully online and ahead of schedule. The product's qualified, the machine is running great. Finally, I'd note that our return on invested capital for the first half of 2015 exceeded 10%. All-in, I think a very strong quarter for International Paper. Moving to slide 6 and continuing with our financial results. As I mentioned, EPS was $0.97 for the second quarter. And when you set aside the benefit of the foreign exchange gain on Ilim's debt from both this year and last year, we had a year-over-year earnings per share growth of over 5%. Now, while revenue was down year-over-year in the quarter and most of that was due to FX impact from our Brazil and Europe operations, we continue to have strong margin performance in the face of several global macro headwinds. With that, I'd like to ask Carol to take us through more detail in the quarter and our outlook for the third quarter. I'll return at the end to wrap it up. Carol?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Taking a look at the bridge from the first to second quarter, you can see that our performance was solid across the board. Pricing and mix were essentially flat with a few puts and takes, and we'll talk about that as we go through the segment. Volume was seasonally stronger predominantly in Industrial Packaging as we expected. Operations improved and were solid across the board. Maintenance outages, as Mark mentioned, were up significantly but in line with our expectation. Input costs were lower, which reduced energy and diesel costs being offset slightly by higher fiber costs. And finally, the Ilim JV created a positive swing as the FX benefit was partly offset by higher cost associated with the outages and some general inflation. Turning to the segments, I'm going to slide 8. As Mark mentioned, the Industrial Packaging segment delivered an exceptional quarter resulting in $528 million of EBIT. Prices were down slightly mostly on export containerboard volume as North American box prices, inclusive of mix, were essentially flat. Box margins in Europe were under continued pressure and did contribute $3 million to the decline. Volume for North American box was up 3% over the first quarter. Operations performed well and maintenance outages came in as expected. Input costs were sequentially favorable. Asia box continues to experience some very intense competitive pressures which further negatively impacted results by about $1 million. So overall, strong results from the Industrial Packaging team. Moving to slide 9, as Mark mentioned, the recently restarted and upgraded containerboard machine at Valliant is running very well and is fully ramped up and qualified within two months of start-up. This coincides well with the wind down of the purchase agreement that we've been operating under for the past few years. And this enables us to supply our own needs and our customers' needs at a lower total delivered cost. The project's on track and we continue to expect an IRR above 25%. On behalf of the business, I'm pleased to also announce that the board has approved a series of projects that like Valliant will enable us to further improve our world-class containerboard asset base. These projects totaling about $300 million of total investment across our system have a collective IRR of 20% and will further improve flexibility across the network, enhance our product quality, and reduce manufacturing and supply chain cost. We're excited about the benefits these investments will provide for our customers, the business and our shareowners. So, let me move on to Consumer Packaging, slide 10. In Consumer Packaging, as you can see on the slide, total segment earnings were down $12 million sequentially, of which about $10 million is attributable to our business in Asia where earnings were substantially lower as depressed demand and intense competitive pressures resulted in lower prices and volume. Earnings were also lower in Europe due to a number of unfavorable items including a lower volume, some higher operating expenses and the impact of unfavorable FX impact due to the weaker euro. Conversely, earnings in North America were higher due to seasonally stronger volume and lower maintenance outage expenses partially offset by lower prices and a slightly less favorable mix. Turning to slide 11, we wanted to provide an update on a couple of significant projects that are under way and that are focused on strengthening and creating more value in our North American Consumer Packaging business. First, the sale of the Carolina Coated Bristols brand is complete, and the transition of the Coated Paperboard business at Riegelwood into our world-class assets at Texarkana and Augusta is on track for later this year. Following that transition, we will begin the mill conversion project at Riegelwood, which will become 100% pulp, and activities to facilitate that conversion are under way now and on schedule. These changes will streamline and strengthen the Coated Paperboard business while improving and growing our world-class fluff pulp business. Secondly, the expansion of Kenton, Ohio, facility to support growth in our food service business is on schedule as well, with the facility expansion complete and equipment being moved in as we speak, and to be online within the next 90 days. This expansion will enable us to support the new business that we're being awarded by both existing and new customers that benefits both our Food Service Converting and Coated Paperboard businesses. Both of these moves reinforce our commitment to our customers in this important segment and will create long-term value for our shareowners. Moving to Printing Papers on slide 12. Earnings increased in our North American paper and pulp business due to a more favorable product mix, better operations, and lower input costs. And this was partially offset by higher planned maintenance outage expenses. Prices were higher in Europe, earnings were lower due to higher planned maintenance outage expenses. Brazil continues to be significantly impacted by the recession and reduced domestic demand that comes with that. Normally, we would have seen a pickup from the seasonally slower first quarter, but that did not materialize this year. Second quarter earnings were down $18 million year-over-year in our Brazilian business. And we do expect the current conditions to persist through at least this year and into next. Turning to Ilim on slide 13, the JV delivered another – a very solid quarter of results on increased volume and improved pricing. Costs were higher due to higher planned maintenance outage expenses and inflation. Operations continue to perform very well post the ramp-up of the major capital projects which were completed a year ago. As noted earlier, the FX impact on the JV's U.S. dollar-denominated debt was favorable in the quarter. Looking ahead, the JV is expecting inflation headwinds to continue and to face some price pressure on softwood pulp in China. However, the outlook remains very favorable due to less maintenance outages, which will enable higher volumes and continued strong operation. So before I move to the outlook, just a couple of other highlights that I'd like to talk about. First, on slide 14, we raised $2 billion of new debt at an average coupon of 4.6%, and this was for two purposes. One was to fund a tender offer for $1 billion of existing debt with an average coupon of 7.5%. And secondly, to enable a $750 million contribution to the pension plan, which was voluntary. With both of these moves, we've clearly strengthened our already strong balance sheet. We've also been very active with the share buyback program in 2015, having bought back $420 million in shares year-to-date, which brings our total purchases against the $3 billion authorization to about $1.9 billion. So moving to the outlook for the third quarter on slide 15, volume will be seasonally higher in North America and Brazil Papers, while North American Industrial Packaging will be generally flat. We expect prices to be mostly stable across the board, with improving prices in European Papers offset by continued pressure in EMEA Packaging. We expect the challenging conditions in Asia to persist into the third quarter. We expect good operational improvement in North American Papers & Pulp, and some improvement in Brazil as well. We expect continued improvement in Industrial Packaging, due in part to Valliant start-up ramp-up cost not reoccurring in the third quarter and better performance in our Consumer Packaging business. All-in across our North American businesses, we expect this improvement to be around $25 million. Input cost will be a headwind in the third quarter as energy, OCC and rail rate increases hit the North America Packaging businesses by roughly $35 million. Brazil faces some additional headwinds as well, mainly on wood and electricity cost. Maintenance outage costs will be substantially lower, about $90 million, as we move from the heaviest to the lightest quarter of the year. As far as the Ilim JV, we expect operational earnings to improve due to fewer outrages in the third quarter, which will enable higher production and sales. IP's share of this expected operational earnings improvement in the third quarter is roughly $10 million. And for the purposes of forecast, we don't attempt to forecast FX, so we have here FX stable as of the end of the second quarter, so a non-repeat of the positive $0.06 FX impact. So with that, now let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Carol. I will pick it up from Carol on slide 16. Before I do the wrap-up and open it up for questions, I want just to spend a minute looking at margins across our major businesses around the world. I think this slide captures the strength of IP and the major positions we have in the key markets that we want to serve. The message here is that IP – the IP that we built today is less cyclical, and we continue to find ways to improve our position and our results. In the businesses where we have some significant headwinds, cyclical headwinds, I would add, like Brazil, for example, we are generally holding our own with very strong margins, and we'll come out of this recessionary environment a much stronger company. So in closing, moving to slide 17, International Paper continues to perform well and deliver results. When you look at what we're doing, given the severe headwinds in Brazil and in Asia, and with the strong dollar, it truly speaks of the strength and reliability of our company, and of our performance. Some of these challenges are more significant than we originally thought coming into the year. On the flipside, we're enjoying strong performance out of our Ilim JV, which Carol covered earlier. And that positively impacts our earnings. Outside of some of these select areas, the rest of the company is performing pretty well. Our margins, earnings, free cash flow, and our return on invested capital at a healthy spread above our cost of capital, are all evidence of this. We continue to achieve and grow our attractive margins through consistent execution and internal initiatives that are unique and value-creating to IP. We have a pipeline of accretive investment options, the Kwidzyn Coated Paperboard investments, the Valliant number 3 machine, those are two of the more recent ones, and there are more to come, as we highlighted today, all making good businesses a lot better. We are generating significant and reliable free cash flow year-after-year, and that enables us to return a meaningful amount of cash to our shareholders through our dividend, our share buyback programs, as well as fund some of these attractive value-creating investments. Our capital allocation mission remains all about high-return generation for long-term value creation. That's our focus, and that's our commitment. And with that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Thanks.
Operator: Our first question comes from Steve Chercover with D. A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you, good morning. I had a question about the Sun joint venture in China. I noticed the JV partner is transferring its ownership and it's an acknowledgement that performance has been inadequate. So, does that have any implications for you?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve. This is Mark. Yeah. The – what you saw there is our partner has a couple of different legal entities, and he's transferring some of the shares from the JV into another legal entity, perfectly allowable under our shareholder agreement. We're not satisfied with the performance. We've said that a number of calls now. China is really tough right now, overcapacity and some of the other challenges. But this transfer doesn't really affect our partnership. What we are doing is really working together with our partner in China to kind of manage the JV to the best possible outcome. And we're not finished with that work, but this particular transfer doesn't change the way we're going to operate or doesn't change our partnership.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: What I was wondering, if you were the sole owner of those assets, would you operate them differently?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're – no. We're operating as a majority partner, we're operating the International Paper way. So, we're trying to make the profit maximizing decisions. So, that's why we're working on the high-end mix and really running our capacity to the orders that we want for the economics that are available. And I think we would do that and we do that in collaboration with our partner today. And we do it that way if we owned it all which is not our intent. But we wouldn't change a whole lot.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, that's good to know. So, ultimately, to use a phrase that you use, it comes down to industry structure in China. And then one other question, please, on Printing Papers. I just want to get a sense of what's going on domestically since it was amazing to me that the price and mix is up given what you said in Brazil. So, are things going better domestically, or it's just that you're getting out of some of the commodity businesses?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Steve, I'm going to ask Mike Amick who leads that business for us in North America to give you a perspective on that.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, Mike.
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hi. Good morning. This is Mike Amick. We're having a – domestically, both the quarterly performance as well as kind of year-over-year is improved. Once we're seeing strong relative growth domestically with our business almost a factor of three kind of year-over-year versus the market. So, it's a real good commercial story around the brands. Pricing is a little bit down domestically. But as you stated well, from a mix standpoint, we're overcoming a lot of that. So, it is a strong story.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Can you give a little bit more color on this $300 million capital program for Containerboard? Any sense of the timing? How many years that's going to lay out? And maybe a little bit more color on some of the work you're doing. And specifically, is it expected to have any sort of material positive (19:00) component?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah. Hey, Gail. It's Tim. Yeah. The work – so, it's important because the work that we're doing will be done primarily as we go through our annual outages in the facilities that are affected. A lot of that work will start either very late this year or early next year and kind of go through the year. So, impact to the business and having the capability is more of a 2017 type of timeframe. You ask about capacity. What we're doing is we're actually making investments that give us the flexibility that we need. In some cases, it's around products and around geography, also around seasonality. So, these projects will add 250,000-plus tons to our system and that gives us the ability to optimize the system and make sure that we're supporting our customers in the best possible way. So, I think 2017 timing, most of these are fairly straightforward from a technical standpoint, so they'll be completed in the annual outages and then they will come up fairly quickly and give us the flexibility that we need mostly on a seasonal basis, but also from a product standpoint as well.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And can you talk a little bit about Consumer Packaging and the price weakness there? Specifically, was any of that and to what extent in the domestic market?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hi, Gail. This is Mike Amick. Can you repeat the question? It was breaking up a little. I didn't...
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I guess, some perspective on the Consumer Packaging market domestically. Were your issues really in the quarter predominantly international or was there any sort of weakness or softness in the U.S.?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Yeah, from a, domestically, we are seeing it is a little sloppy out there. From a shipment standpoint domestically, we're down about 2.5% versus where we think the industry is about 1.5% overall, but most of that is due to exports. So, we're, domestically feel pretty good about the Coated – the Coated Paperboard business. And most of the issues that were noted are international.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Gail, just let me add to Mike's. On the international piece, some of that was what we talked about earlier, the Asia piece is reported into Consumer Packaging, the Sun piece, and that was a significant piece of that. But also in Europe, we just had some onetime issues that are not chronic, just maintenance outages and some other onetime cost. So, the real international issue, if you will, from – impacting the results is what we talked about with Sun.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and the details. I guess maybe first start – first point, with the pension funding, Carol, what does this do to your required funding for the next several years if you haven't provided that in the past? Appreciate it.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. With this contribution, of course, a little bit will be dependent upon how the whole year ends, where the liability accounting goes and how the asset performance is. But generally speaking, I would say, this would, with our current projections, would push out any required contributions for the next three years. We wouldn't have anything required.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And, I mean, aside of the obvious where we saw that you were buying back stock even into the third quarter, could you update us perhaps a bit more in terms of your thoughts on that being an appropriate use of capital relative obviously to the balance use of capital for dividends? And I want to tie it back to some of your capital projects going on and then I'll turn it over after that.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, George, what we said, of course, is our capital allocation strategy is we're generating a lot of cash and we believe that that cash generation allows us to both return some of that cash to our shareowners through the form of the dividend and then we've talked about 30% to 40% of free cash flow through the dividend. We also have said that there's an opportunity to return cash through the buyback and that we would use the buyback, targeted opportunistically. And that also still, we believe we have enough cash flow then to also fund the good ideas. And we talked about some of those today. And so I think you'll continue to see us progress along that pathway.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But I guess, the fact that we saw you buy back more in the third quarter, does that suggest you see more opportunity with the shares here or this is just part of your normal program and balanced approach?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: (24:05) once again, as we said, it's part of our normal program. And we're going to make our decisions as we go. We're going to be opportunistic. And we're going to balance all those needs as we think about today and as we look forward.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last question. And, I'll turn it over. Can you – you've mentioned the returns on the $300 million worth of projects and you mentioned some of the reasons you're bringing it in within Industrial Packaging. Now, as we look at it, you said you're also adding within this about 250,000 tons of capacity in a market that I recognize you, take a longer term view than a quarter or two, that has been perhaps, at least from the vantage point of some people, a little bit softer than would've been expected. You, in fact, had to take some economic downtime in the quarter from the data that you had in the slide deck, I think around 55,000 tons. So, help us understand why, while adding flexibility, you're also adding capacity, why that is the right move in Industrial Packaging market where there's been a little bit of choppiness here in the last couple of quarters. Thanks, guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah. Hey, George, it's Tim. Well, I think...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hello, Tim.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Hey. We do take a longer-term view. We believe that the market will grow over time. If you wait until the growth occurs, to make these types of investments, you've waited too late. So, we're running a very large, very complicated system. And the way we think about it is, how do we optimize, maximize margins sustainably over time. So, this just gives us more capability across the system to run it the way we need to. And these are the types of projects that we look for on a continual basis. So, we'll be looking for more of them. This is one of the ways that we think we can create shareowner value.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Tim, do you anticipate the returns would cover inflation at least?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Oh, yeah. I mean, these are 20% returns. These are three times cost of capital. So...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. We'll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Sticking kind of on that, the capital allocation line of question, can you give us a bit of sense of an update of where you think cap spend might be next year? I realize you don't have any finalized plans probably, but a preliminary sense and what the run rate for the next couple of years might be in your opinion at this juncture?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Mark, Carol. We told you that for 2015, I think we said our CapEx targeted about $1.5 billion, and we said that was the plan. We've not finalized our plans for 2016. And as we've talked about it, if we have these ideas that are – the bigger ideas that are value-creating, we'll balance that against the overall needs of the system. So, without giving you a 2016 number, it's logical to think that there could be an uptick in 2016 due to the significance of this level of project in our best business. But we'll firm that up when we get to – probably talk about the third quarter and then into the beginning of next year.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. As we think about the spend, how much of it is going to the 20%-plus type of return projects versus how much of it is more environmental, maintenance with lower returns? How might we think about that?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, as we've talked about it – and again, these are round numbers, we provide a lot of this information, and it changes a little bit. If you think about the company, about $1 billion for maintenance regulatory on an ongoing basis to take care of the fleet we have today. And then if you think about the balance, the $400 million to $500 million, about half of that would go to what we would call, let's say strategic projects. A great example of that would be the expansion of Chem (28:22). Strategically, growing that business. You could talk about that as the Riegelwood conversion, strategic project to, say, grow and then strengthen the fluff business. And then the balance, which would be – and that would have – that would be returned capital – and then the balance, the $200 million or so would – $200 million to $250 million, would go towards high return cost reduction projects. And the returns on those projects are 30% plus. That's been the capital allocation for the company. But once again, if we get good ideas where there's a bigger opportunity, like we've talked about in the Industrial Packaging business, it'll have to be balanced against those other things. And one of the things that we'll think about is, if we can deploy capital at good returns that's value creating, we're going to stay constrained on CapEx, but we're not going to slow ourselves down intentionally when that's not a good idea.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. That was really helpful. Thank you. And just one other one, if I could. Couple years ago, you had the annual Investor Day. And when you first mapped out the capital allocation strategy, you talked about ramping the dividend up pretty quickly for a few years and then probably getting to a more moderated rate. And I think that, at the time, you kind of talked about like a three-year ramp in the dividend. And I think this would have been the third year. Is that still the way we should be anticipating things, that we have one more sizeable ramp in the dividend before most likely moving into a more metered increase?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You know, Mark, I would never predict what the dividend will be, of course that's Mark and the board to decision that, but our strategy is pretty clear. We said, as we can grow the earnings and the cash flow of the company, that the dividend's an important part of that, and we'll evaluate that. We said the dividend is going to be meaningful, incremental, predictable and then there'll be an opportunity to reevaluate that at the right time.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dr. Mark Wilde with BMO Market.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Carol.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): To just to kind of follow on Mark's question. You guys have had a 5% EBITDA growth target sitting out there. Any updated thoughts on that? It looks like it will be a challenge for this year, just judging from the first half.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mark. This is Mark. That's a great word. I think it's – another way to ask that is how realistic it is. It's definitely a challenge for this year. That 5% EBITDA growth target that I talked about before we started the year, as we headed into the year, had a certain set of economics assumptions attached to it, some of which are not materializing. So, yeah. It makes it pretty difficult. It was a bit aspirational, as I mentioned in follow-up discussions. But that's the kind of growth level we need to be shooting for as a company, to really produce the kind of returns our investors expect. It won't be an even process, obviously. But as we talked about in the results, we're pulling every lever we can with the company we have, and we're going to continue to shoot for levels like that. But it's definitely a challenge with some of the economic activity we see in Brazil, for example, being in a – I would say, a much deeper recession than we probably considered going in. And China being a challenge. Those two areas alone, and stepping back a bit instead of moving forward, take a big chunk out of the ability to do that. Earnings per share, on the other side, it's not one metric. Earnings per share, it's also important and that is up in that neighborhood year-to-date. And what is probably our overall guiding principle for long-term value creation, which is ROIC, we've got that in a zone that we want to be in, a couple hundred basis points above our cost of capital, and we'd like to be able to show that, through good times and bad times, we've got a company that's flexible enough to really sustain that, and generate that near $2 billion in cash, and have that be something that investors can depend on. So, yeah, challenging is a good word for the 5% EBITDA goal. But we don't give up easily. So, we'll keep working on it.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. I'm glad to hear that. And Mark, I wondered if I could also get you to just maybe take two steps backward. We're at a period where we've got a lot of big foreign exchange moves out there. And I wondered, if you look across the IP portfolio right now, where would you say the foreign exchange movements are creating the greatest stress, or the greatest changes, in your business?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We got – we've got several impacts and, obviously, Carol is tracking that for us. There are puts and takes, and some of them are not completely intuitive, but I'll ask Carol to kind of give our summary of the overall. And then if there's a specific area, we've talked about Containerboard and some of those long-term demand issues, be happy to comment on that. But Carol, the overall summary?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So, the easiest one to do the math on, and it is a headwind for us, is strictly the earnings that we get out of Europe, and the earnings that we get out of Brazil, are coming in a currency that's weaker. So when we convert that to dollars, there's less. And so, as we talked, the first quarter call, we said a 10% strengthening of the U.S. dollar is a $50 million-type headwind. That's probably still pretty good math, and we know the dollar has strengthened more than that. So that's the easy math. Where it diverges, and it depends, is the currency in a country, how it impacts the market access and the competitiveness. In the case of Russia, the weak currency has been great. We're doing well there. We make in rubles. We sell in dollars. We've got margin expansion. And then conversely, in Brazil, it's actually been – hurt us. So, you got a good guy. You got a bad guy. And then in the U.S., we are exporting 20% of what we produce, and so while we're able to export our products, our margins are down. So, long answer is, there's pluses and takes on the market side. But overall, a stronger dollar is a headwind for International Paper, and it's probably a bit more of a headwind than when we first anticipated. But we're managing through it, I think, quite well.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And I just -just a couple of follow-ons on the FX impact? One is, you've talked over time about wanting to export kraft linerboard from the U.S. to supply your offshore operations. I wondered, is the dollar strengthens, whether that strategy is shifting at all? And then I wondered if you could comment on some reports we've gotten of containerboard imports coming in from Europe and from Australia?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Hey, Mark. It's Tim. No. It doesn't change the strategy. Currency moves up, it moves down over time. As Carol mentioned, it has hit our margins in certain places, but we believe in the channel for the long term. So – and we make good money in the channel. So, we would make more if the dollar was weaker, but we still like the business that we have today. And so, if it changes dramatically from where it is, we can always reevaluate, but nothing that's happened that changes it today. Australian paper, I think we've had some market reports of West Coast activity, but not in a major or significant way that I'm aware of.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. And, anything on the East Coast? I'd been hearing a little bit about maybe some European paper, Tim?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Hadn't heard it, no.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. That's helpful. Good luck in the second half.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Just two things. I wonder if you could tell us how significant the system optimization impact of Valliant might be. I'm thinking in a system as big as yours that the impact is going to be pretty regional, but it is in a pretty important region, so I'm just wondering if you could scale that for us.
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah. Hey, Mark, it's Tim. What it does for us is it gives us a product we need overall and certainly in a geography. So, it helps us as we shift down – product down into Texas. It helps us with the West Coast, and it also helps us with the Midwest. So, this 360,000 tons we're running primarily medium, which we're short on medium to begin with. So, it's a product we need and it's freight-advantaged to the places we need to get to.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just one other question, how is Orsa doing and is that a place where you're likely to find attractive reinvestment?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Mark. It's Mark Sutton. Orsa is living in a containerboard and box market that tracks GDP exactly. So, GDP is heading toward minus 2 plus a little bit and that's what we're seeing in demand. So, we've got some big customers that are in special segments that are probably doing a little worse than GDP. One of them is the electronic segment, big year last year with the World Cup and televisions, a soft year this year. And we've got big poultry and protein customers that are having issues with the regional drought. So, demand is down. The good news is on the internal improvements, efficiency in our box plants and in the containerboard mills made a lot of improvement. So, further investment, I mean we'll keep our eyes and ears open. We really do need to get the improvements that we think we can get even with a difficult economy at Orsa before we go to a next step, but we are improving internally. The market's challenging, though.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. But it sounds like the assets are running pretty well.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are – I mean, we've made some improvements on the mills and the box plants. We've done a lot of best practice transfer from our U.S. system which has really taken hold. And so, we're making some improvements that we can keep – hold and keep and we need to get the commercial piece – commercial piece up.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Carol, just one quick clarification. You mentioned the prepayment on the pension plan would prevent the need for having to make a contribution for three years. Not to be picky, is that – does that include 2018 or are we talking 2015, 2016, and 2017?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, I was talking 2016, 2017, 2018 generally speaking. Still, things can change so, but under the assumptions we would have today.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I understand. Got you, interest rates, et cetera. And then on the CapEx, you mentioned this year you're spending, I believe you said around – depreciate (39:47) $1.5 billion or so. Would the projects and the good ideas you talked about including the Industrial Packaging $300 million initiative, does that alone, given the pace you expect that to take, likely take that number up for next year or would you have to find some other things? And I'm thinking there might perhaps be some offset from the Boiler MACT situation, I'm not sure when that actually phases out. But maybe you could let us know how that looks right now.
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And that's why I said we haven't finalized our numbers for 2016, but with the slug of capital of that size coming in, a very important project. It's likely that it would be – might be difficult to maintain the spending at the one-size level, because we might not want to. I mean, what we want to be careful about is not delaying some really good ideas that are the cost improvement ideas. So, we'll look at it, we're going to stay in a capital constrained environment. We're going to be very judicious. But we're going to want to make sure that we can run the system the way we want to.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. And this is one for Tim. You know I know with the, you mentioned the volume. I think, Carol, in her comments, was up in boxes about 3%, if I'm not mistaken, year-to-year. And as you look at your system and I think about the whole country and the continent really not adding, to note, any virgin-quality linerboard. Are you all having to pull tons in from offshore because the industry data don't seem to suggest that, or has so far you've been able to get those extra tons by flexing your system? And I suppose as you look at 2016, if we see another similar type growth year and kind of before this incremental tons come on, could you see yourself in a situation where you might have to pull some tons from offshore back into the states?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: No. I mean, situational, Chip, a moment in time but I don't think so. I mean, I think we have a pretty flexible system. We're adding to that flexibility, so that we can do what we need to do. And you mentioned the 3%. That was sequential not year-over-year. But, yeah, generally, we have a more favorable view on longer term growth, and we want to make sure that we are doing now what is needed for future periods. So, that's the reason for some of this investment.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then the last one I suppose for Mark. I noticed the U.S. portion of the Consumer Packaging business and it's great that you gave us that detail because the overall segment was down, but certainly the U.S. part was up nicely year-to-year. And I suppose some of the initiatives there including food service are helping. Is that business sort of seen as a rising star within IP, the domestic Consumer Packaging business, or even though it appears its returns are still below the other major segment, Industrial Packaging, it still has a ways to go?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chip, this is Mark. I think Consumer Packaging in North America, as we've said, is an important business for us. We've got some really, really good customers both on the coated board side with the high-end SBS grades that we make in the U.S. and on the converting side with our cup business. And it is growing and it is a business we think we can improve, I mean, really, Riegelwood was kind of a double, not a single. We're improving our fluff pulp business, but that also improves our Consumer Packaging business by putting all of our board production in two of the best mills in the world instead of spreading it across three. And we're growing our Food Service business and continuing to look at strategic options to kind of improve that business. And so, it is important to us. International Paper increasingly is moving in more packaging. And Consumer Packaging, we made the investment in Kwidzyn in Europe for high-end board and that's working out really well. And you mentioned Food Service here in the U.S. and it is – I don't know about a rising star, we don't use those terms, but it is a business we're excited about.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just going back to these capital investments. Mark, you talked about your view of market growth going forward, I guess, the market's been relatively flat at least in North America over the last few years. Can you talk about what's driving that view for potential market growth as maybe as we move in, later into 2016 and 2017?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Scott. I think one of the things we kind of probably need to just step back on, we've talked about our Industrial Packaging business as a multichannel business. So, we've got a Containerboard business that underpins the Industrial Packaging business. And we view containerboards – the kraft liner component of Containerboard as a global – globally competitive product that the U.S. south is blessed with the right fiber to be globally competitive and we're the largest producer of that. So, we've had long-term strategic outlets throughout the world, not because our price is good or our price is bad, because they need the product. So, when we talk about investing in our Containerboard system, think outside of just the U.S. market, we're thinking about all channels. Our own box business, the open market customers we have which are fantastic customers in North America and the open market in IP-owned box plants overseas and non-IP box plants. That's the premise we start with, not the 1% or 2% or lack thereof in the U.S. market. And, the other thing you got to remember is we're always going to have fluctuations in a converting value-add business. We're going to make the product for the orders we have in all three of those channels. We've got seasonality with maintenance outages. So, we end up having to manage inventory differently. A lot of things that Tim described make that business better. And if there's growth, we capture it, absolute growth. If there's not growth, we lower our cost by making some other decisions down the road, what with capital or other types of decisions. So, it's a win-win strategy of making a really good business better. And I don't think about it as a domestic issue of the box market in the U.S. driving every one of these decisions. And we've shown that quarter after quarter after quarter, in good FX times, bad FX times. When a product is good and it's needed, it works.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. I appreciate that. And then on the returns from these projects, the 20% IRR, how much of that is driven by internalization of tons that you're currently buying in the market versus this overall system optimization strategy?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah. It's a mix of all those things. It's making more of the volumes that we've had to buy in the past as the agreement comes to the end, but it's also cost reductions, not only fixed because of the volume but variable as well. So, these projects, they help improve quality. They give us the flexibility we need. Just to add on one point that Mark made, we're running a system where the way we think about servicing that system across all the channels is pretty critical. And the carrying costs on a few incremental tons of inventory to support our system is pretty low versus the operational cost of not having what you need, where you need it, when you need it. We're trying to make decisions two months and three months out on somewhere between 12,000 SKUs and 15,000 SKUs of board that get used on any given day. And so, if we're wrong by 1% in terms of accuracy, it's costing us $10-plus-million to fix all of that, and sometimes a lot more. So, all of these projects not only give us incremental capacity in a given region for a given product, but they help us manage and optimize that system.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for the answers. Good luck in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Just a follow-up on the containerboard system optimization. When you look at the capacity that you'll add, not only the 250,000 tons but maybe even thinking about opportunities for growth three years to five years beyond that. Does the opportunity to add low cost capacity come from debottlenecking existing sites, or do you see a potential to repurpose assets that are producing other substrates, like white paper? And then just beyond containerboard, looking at fluff, following Riegelwood, can you talk about conversions generally?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Anthony, this is Mark. I think we've got opportunities in, when you look at our asset base, and I've commented on this before, we've got very, very good assets in really all of our businesses. They happen to make the product they make today, but can be reconfigured to make other products, and we've got the right work force, the right technical age of the assets, and what's probably more important than anything on the cost side, is the right fiber basket. So, we've got opportunities, a lot of opportunities in the company, to make our good businesses better by organic debottlenecking, as you mentioned, but also by facility conversions. There's further opportunity in fluff if we need it, and our customers need it. There's opportunities in converting assets that are currently making one type of product to make another type of product. And that's one of the benefits we have is, we have a lot of choices about how to do strategic projects that help our existing businesses. We built what we have by big M&A activity. And what we didn't say is, we want to just kind of be satisfied with what we have. We want it to be the absolute best it can be. And now we're investing in what we built, in one way through M&A, we're investing in ourselves now by making what's really, I think, competitive and good, great.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. Just to clarify, is the 250,000 tons coming from existing containerboard mills, or could those – that 250,000 tons potentially come from another source?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: These investments are coming – that Tim described and that Carol described in the opening comments – are coming from our existing containerboard system.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then I just had a question on the North American uncoated freesheet market. I mean, it's like we're hearing some conflicting things with anti-dumping duties potentially next month. It sounds like some importers have backed off from shipping into the U.S. but, at the same time, RISI had some price cuts last week. Is the uncoated freesheet market, in terms of pricing in North America, is it getting better, is it getting worse? Is it stable? I was wondering if you could just provide any color there.
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: Hi. This is Mike Amick. And you see the – in terms of the pricing, we have seen a little bit of slippage. But in the context of the anti-dumping, overall the – you're seeing or maybe hearing some of the same things we are, this will play out over the coming months. In August, we expect to hear a ruling on the anti-dumping. And we've – but right now, things are pretty stable. Our business right now, domestically, is pretty strong. Little of that is actually coming from what we would consider to be a tailwind from the case itself. This is just continuing to be the strengthening of our business and our brands, which is very encouraging. So, I think we'll see this play out over the next 60 days or 90 days.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on a very strong quarter.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Chris.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I kind of want to come back to – you've touched on this a couple different ways, but I just want to kind of maybe probe a little more about it. When we look at your box shipments, first quarter, second quarter, they were down 1% each. I know industry's been up. Maybe, is that some related to just mix or timing or – you've been now a couple quarters below industry. And then two, kind of in relation with adding capacity and doing some work there, right? Clearly, you're, at least the data I'm looking at, shows your corrugated shipment's up. So, there's more going to export and other places. But when you think about balancing that, it sounds like – just maybe help me understand the process of, you want to have the right grades, the right places, so maybe it's – even though you're going to have it, you don't necessarily operate it. You take more downtime in it? Am I thinking about that the right way as well?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Well, we run what we need to run to service the customers that we have. So, yeah. In a moment in time, I see the perspective of there being a contradiction there. But on the box side, it's all the things you mentioned. We made some choices about customers late last year that kind of went through the pipeline, and exited our portfolio of customers earlier this year, and some of the newer business that's coming in is, as we mentioned last quarter, is ramping up over a period of time. So ,yeah. In a given quarter or a given moment in time, you can have some of these disconnects, but we do believe that our business grows over time, and we want to make sure that we're supporting that growth the most economical way.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Is it your anticipation then that, probably as we get towards the end of the year or maybe into 4Q, that you'll begin to track sort of more in line with industry levels?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Well, it depends on what the market does. We know we have a pipeline of business coming in. We know that we have a customer portfolio that is performing at various levels. In some cases, some of the customers that we have are suffering their own market-related issues around share and the type of products that they make. So – but yes. Generally speaking, we would expect that over time, we would track closer to market.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Carol, in the past you've talked about your capital spending plans that being in the – you hit about a $1 billion or so of maintenance, but being a $1.3 billion or $1.4 billion kind of those extra spending elements helped offset inflation in different components that way. With the identification of some of the new projects and then this year I think you were already a bit elevated, should we think about as a whole across your system if you're spending $1.5 billion or so this year, and I think you kind of hinted that potentially it could be even taking a little tick up next year, that as a whole, you're spending more than offsets inflation or is there something you're seeing potentially on the inflation side that you think might be a bigger hole to offset?
Carol Louise Roberts - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Chris, I think you really hit it on the head at the end. And once again, you step back from our capital allocation strategy. We have said we're going to return a lot of our free cash to our investors, which we're doing. But there's cash left. You can reinvest that cash in acquisitions which we've done, some with great success and some with challenges. Or we could take some of that cash and reinvest that cash into businesses that are above cost of capital returns to create even more value. And we've been talking about this. So, the anticipation is, is that incremental investment is for earnings growth. It's to do more than offset inflation. We think about that base spending as the kind of things we need to do, that $1.4 billion level, $1.4 billion , $1.5 billion and it just depends point in time of some the maintenance expense we have about as a sustain level to kind of just keep pace. But what we're seeing, what you're seeing us do now is reinvest in businesses that we have a right to win and to create more value. Not just to stay still. And we think that given where we sit as a company right now, that deploying some capital in that direction might possibly make more sense than say what we've done in the past which is spend it on a bolt-on acquisition. But at the end of the day, it's cash being deployed to create to value. I hope that kind of answers your question and kind of puts a face on this incremental capital that we're talking about.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: It does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys. You took some economic downtime 2Q in your Containerboard business. Can you kind of help us frame what your expectation is in 3Q and then back half in general? Are you comfortable with your inventory levels? I appreciate you know. You guys obviously have transportation (58:02). But just kind of help frame how should we be thinking about it sequentially in Q3?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Hey Philip. It's Tim. As a general rule, we don't forecast how we're going to run our system going forward, but the philosophy is that we try to maximize our earnings performance given all of the – if you heard earlier, all the considerations that we take into account, about how to have the product we need in the right place at the right time. And so, the downtime that we took, export channel was a little bit softer than we had anticipated in the second quarter. And so, we balanced our system out to account for that. That's just how we run it.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Got you. And can you help frame how you thinking about box demand in the back half? I appreciate you got some new business coming in. And, Mark, you mentioned earlier, coming in the year, there's a more upbeat outlook on the macro. Obviously, Brazil and China slowed down a bit. But just curious to get your thoughts on the U.S. economy and box shipments, broadly?
Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior VP-Printing & Communications Papers: Yeah, for – this is Tim again. For the indicators that we look at, we still think the second half of the year is going to be pretty good. We think that 2015, from a box demand standpoint, should be a fairly solid year. Now, we're not talking about 2.5% or 3% growth but in that 1% to 2% range based on the indicators we look at. Those indicators, obviously, get a lot fuzzier the further you look out in time. But here, in the immediate future, we still are somewhat encouraged by market growth.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then when you think about the investments you guys are making, you're obviously stepping a lot of that for internal investment. Is that a, kind of a reflection on how your pipeline was looking for M&A? And do some of your recent investments abroad on the M&A front, has that kind of set the hurdle rate a little higher going forward if you, do you approach M&A abroad?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Phil, that's a great question. And, what we've been saying is – what guides our investment strategy is creating value. And we've done a little bit of everything. Large M&A, as Carol said, some of it's worked out very well. Some smaller things in developing markets that are still a question mark or have not worked out very well. And because of that, we haven't done as much, other than cost reduction, as much of reinvesting into some own organic businesses. The Containerboard business is a great example. We didn't have that business to invest in several years ago. But we have it now and it's the best opportunity to create value of all the choices we have. So, it's not so much that the hurdle rate's changed. It's back to what guides us, and we believe we can create more value for the long term, which our shareholders should appreciated by making these investments instead of some other choices.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Very helpful, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Debbie Jones of Deutsche Bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. You guys have highlighted a lot of expected investment in North America. Mark, in the past you've talked about potential for investment in containerboard in Russia through your Ilim JV. Can you just talk about or frame this opportunity and whether or not it's something you'd be considering for 2016, or is this something we'd be looking at as more of a three-year or five-year time horizon?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously, the investments in Ilim are a process with the Ilim board, which we, of course, are members of. But we do make some containerboard in Ilim and it's going very well. And Russia is a great soft wood basket. But right now the focus on Ilim is really getting the maximum potential of the investments we've already made, in specifically the Bratsk pulp mill, and that's going very well. And so, Ilim has a Board and a CEO and we're involved in that and strategy is being developed. But Russia is a great place for containerboard from a fiber standpoint. More logistics issues have to be solved over time. But we have a small position in containerboard through our Ilim joint venture and it's going well. But there is no imminent next move. It's really optimizing what we're doing right now and that's going well.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And, just one last one on printing paper. Your maintenance target for the year seem to come back I think primarily related to Brazil and North America. Is there anything that we should read into that there, anything being pushed out?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: No, not – This is Mike Amick, Debbie. This, our maintenance, for the large part, at least (1:02:41) the biggest piece of our maintenance is behind us in the first half. We still have some – a couple of outages here in the second half, but nothing is being pushed out in North America.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the maintenance outages outside of North America, they move around based on what we're trying to accomplish in the particular outage and then managing, obviously, seasonality issues with customers. Some of the mills like Kwidzyn are comingled with coated board products. And so, that is another market that drives the timing decision. But, no, I wouldn't read anything into that. We're continuing to do our maintenance outages to make sure that what we run is, first and foremost, safe and reliable and can make it between outages in the best possible, lowest cost way.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Debbie.
Operator: Our final question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Market.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Holy cow, snuck in there. Just two easy questions. One on the Pulp side, realizations in North America were up $8 quarter-over-quarter. Just wondering, is that a mix issue?
W. Michael Amick - SVP-Papers, Pulp & Consumer Packaging: That, it is a, primarily driven by mix. We had a little bit better performance in our fluff system which was able to generate some, obviously, improvement from that standpoint. So, primarily, yes, Paul.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just over on India with Printing Papers, lost money again in the quarter. Is there a longer-term plan here to reverse the slide?
Mark S. Sutton - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, yeah. The India business – the volume is growing. We've got – we've had some cost issues. And so, there is a plan to improve the business. And as we said originally, what we're trying to figure out with the Paper business in India is we're trying to figure out the market and what our participation level could be in the future. Some of the India numbers that we report are really other activity that we have beyond just the Paper business that just – is kind of the carrying cost when you start in a new region. But the underlying demand and how we're running has improved. But we definitely have that in this overall review that I've talked about doing with our portfolio. And India, like everything, else is a part of that. And we're making progress on that.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the help. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A portion for today's presentation. I will now hand the program back over to Jay for any closing remarks.
Jay Royalty - Vice President-Investor Relations: Well, that concludes the call. Thanks for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call, and our numbers are on slide 18 of the appendix. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining the International Paper Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect your lines. And have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - VP, IR Mark Sutton - Chairman & CEO Carol Roberts - SVP & CFO Mike Amick - Consumer Packaging Business & North American Papers Tim Nicholls - SVP, Industrial Packaging Group
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman - UBS Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Philip Ng - Jefferies Al Kabili - Macquarie Mark Connelly - CLSA Scott Gaffner - Barclays Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Anthony Pettinari - Citi
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining International Paper's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are outlined on slide 2 of the presentation. We will also present certain non-U. S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2015 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, relative to the Ilim JV, slide 4 provides context around joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for your interest in International Paper and for taking time to join our quarterly call. I'm going to start on slide 5. International Paper delivered a solid performance in the first quarter. Our team successfully managed the business to improve margins and improve earnings. This is enabling International Paper to continue to deliver strong results. Extreme weather had some impact on our results in North America. Although, our operations overall performed well. We saw particularly strong results out of the Ilim joint venture in Russia. As margins expanded due to our strong export position. Our research in EBITDA margin, absolute EBITDA and free cash flow, all improved year-over-year. Overall, we're pleased with how we operated and with our results in the first quarter. We feel like we're off to a good start to 2015. Continuing with our financial results on slide 6. EPS was $0.84 a share for the first quarter. And, this includes $0.04 of unfavorable Ilim FX impact. Our EBITDA margin was up 120 basis points versus the first quarter of last year. EBITDA grew by $32 million year-over-year. And, free cash flow improved to $319 million, up from $252 million in the first quarter of 2014. If we dive a little deeper into margins, you can see on slide 7 that we're successfully managing our margins across our key businesses. Global dynamics are different in each of these regions and across the businesses. But, our teams are finding ways to drive improved performance in the face of these challenges. Despite the economic backdrop, we're finding ways to continue to win and improve results. And, with that, I'll turn it over to Carol to cover the details in the quarter and the second-quarter outlook.
Carol Roberts: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Looking at the sequential bridge to the $0.84. Prices in mix were slightly unfavorable and volume was lower due to seasonality in Brazil and lower volume in industrial packaging. As Mark mentioned, operations were solid even with some winter weather impact in North America. Input costs were favorable, particularly for energy and diesel. However, I would note that the diesel benefit was largely offset by higher distribution rates. And, we saw the favorable - large favorable swing for Ilim. With most of this coming from a less severe ruble devaluation against the U.S. dollar, compared to what occurred in the prior quarter. And, as Mark mentioned, on an absolute basis, the $0.84 for the first quarter does include a $0.04 unfavorable Ilim FX charge. Moving to slide 9. In industrial packaging, beginning with price. Most of the impact we experienced in the quarter was on lower export prices. Which, were largely a function of currency and the impacts of the strong U.S. dollar? Volume was lower. As shipments were impacted by weather, along with lower demand from several of our largest customers. Year-over-year, our shipments were up 1% on a same-day basis. And finally, operations and input costs were favorable sequentially. Partially offset by higher planned maintenance outage expense in the quarter, as expected. And, as you saw on the margin slide that was previously shown by Mark. Overall, another strong quarter for our industrial packaging business. Moving to consumer packaging on slide 10. Mix improved slightly and volume was favorable in North America. Input costs in North America were a tailwind as well. Partially offset by higher distribution rates. The first quarter is typically a higher-cost operating quarter in North America, due to seasonality. And, this was only made worse by the periods of extreme winter weather. And, if you think about that, it's just about how cold it was and some of the energy implications that it takes to run some of these big integrated mills. Additionally, the business incurred some additional cost with the difficult startup at Augusta, following the annual outage there. But in total, a much stronger start to the year for consumer packaging in 2015. In printing papers, we experienced some softness in North American pulp and paper pricing, along with a less favorable mix in Brazil. Which, was due to seasonally lower domestic demand? The Brazil seasonality accounted for the majority of the lower volume as well. Which, was further amplified by the weak market conditions in the region? Operations and other costs were negatively impacted by negative weather. Along with a one-time charge for the write-off of a project which we chose to abandon. Lower input costs for diesel and energy were offset by some commercial pressure and higher distribution rates. And finally, there was some modest unfavorable FX impacts for the quarter. As FX headwinds in Europe were greater than the net tailwinds we experienced in Brazil. Turning to Ilim on slide 12. The JV turned in its second consecutive quarter of very strong performance on the back of expanding margins. Driven by its strong export position. And now, is the lowest-cost softwood pulp producer on the globe. Operational EBITDA for the quarter was $186 million, up 62% from Q1 2014. The JV did experience a modest negative non-cash FX related accounting charge of $47 million. Associated with the U.S. dollar denominated net debt, which was $1.2 billion for the first quarter. The JV remains focused on cost management and post-project optimization. To stay ahead of rising inflation and to offset the tough economic conditions in the country. Ilim expects lower earnings in the second quarter before considering any FX impact from the accounting treatment on the debt. Due to a $10 million maintenance outage that's scheduled at the big brocks mills and higher inflation. So, moving to the outlook for the second quarter. Volume will be up for our North American packaging business. With one more day and seasonal strengthenity. Particularly, in industrial packaging with the onset of the ag season. The industrial packaging volume is expected to increase by approximately 4% quarter over quarter. Consumer volume will increase as well. Due to the strengthening backlog. Volume in Brazil papers will increase as we move past the seasonal weakness of the first quarter. Pricing is expected to be largely flat across the businesses. With the exception of Brazil, where paper prices are increasing in local currency. And, mix is expected to improve in North American paper and pulp. Good operational performance across most of the businesses is expected to continue. With some improvement in North American paper, North American industrial packaging, and North American consumer packaging. Due to less weather impact and seasonally stronger demand. In Brazil, we're beginning to see some signs of fiscal policy tightening. As the government begins to do things to egress the growing budget deficit. And, we're seeing line of sight that this may, and will probably, include lower export incentives, higher taxes, and potentially, tariffs on energy usage. Input costs are expected to remain stable as most of the benefit is already in the first quarter results. Distribution rates and wood costs are expected to remain, what we would consider as, relatively high. The second quarter is the heaviest maintenance outage quarter for the year. And, is increasing $65 million sequentially over first quarter. And as we've talked about, Ilim's expected to continue to perform well. And, for the purposes of this outlook, we've assumed flat FX from where we exited the quarter. So, a non-repeat of that modest negative. But, the JV does expect this to be offset by the items that I mentioned regarding the brocks outage and higher inflation. And so, with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Carol. So, now I'd like to shift gears a little bit as we close out the comments and go to Q& A. Take a few minutes to talk about value creation and what we're doing in International Paper. I'm on slide 14. This slide shows IP's ten-year journey to improve our return on invested capital results. With the last five years being in excess of our goal to consistently deliver results above our cost of capital. Now, obviously we want to improve that spread above our cost of capital. But, we're demonstrating that we can be at, or exceed, our cost of capital which is a key measure for our value creation mindset at International Paper. It's the yardstick; ROIC is. That we measure investments by and make decisions in terms of what strategy we should deploy. Our primary intent is to increase the value of IP over time and we've been successfully doing that. And, we're excited about the path we're on. This next slide highlights the main elements of IP's value creation and capital allocation strategy. As we've indicated, we're running our businesses consistently well and are generating strong free cash flow year in and year out. Averaging $1.8 billion annually over the last several years. This has enabled us to strengthen our balance sheet, provide adequate CapEx to sustain this strong level of performance, reinvest in our core businesses, and return significant cash to shareholders. We intend to continue this balanced use of cash approach to keep the company on sound financial footing, to reward our shareholders, and to increase the value of International Paper. Our dividend policy and actions are clear. And, there are - there's more room to grow. We've been opportunistic with our share buyback program. Taking advantage of dips to buy shares at an average price below our intrinsic value. And, this has become an important tool and a good way to supplement return of cash to shareholders. I'm pleased to report that in the first quarter, we completed the initial $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization. As of today's call, we have bought back roughly $120 million of shares since the first of the year on the new authorization. Additionally, we continue to look for good ideas in which to invest. Whether they're to strengthen and improve results within our existing businesses. Or, selective M&A opportunities that are the right fit for IP and can be accretive to ROIC and our results. I'd like now to turn your focus to a couple of great examples that we've recently announced and are acting on. The first, on slide 16, is an update on our strategic reinvestment at the Valliant Mill. As you're aware, we made the decision to restart the number three container board machine at Valliant last year. And, our team has been actively working toward that objective for the last several months. We're excited to report that the machine is up and running now, ahead of schedule and making salable product at this time. This machine fills a large whole in our medium capacity with the roll off of the purchase obligations that were created with the mills that we divested as part of the Temple-Inland acquisition. Valliant is well-positioned to serve our needs to the South, where we have a large presence in the box market, as well as the West Coast markets. This additional capacity also enables us to cost-effectively handle the expected growth in specialty, craft liner board exports and our North American box markets. It also gives us additional flexibility to meet the needs and maintain our low-cost position. While we continue to balance our system supply with our overall customer demand. And, it goes back to what we've talked about before. And that being, our multi-channel strategy the we deploy in our industrial packaging business. It's a very attractive deployment of capital; an existing facility with expected returns in excess of 25%. We expect this project to ramp up over the balance of 2015. And, it's a great addition to an already very good container board mill system. Next project I'd like to talk about is the con - is the project to convert our Riegelwood, North Carolina mill to a 100% pulp. To meet the growing needs of our fluff pulp customers of the next several years. This project involves the removal of 350,000 tons of coated paperboard capacity at the Riegelwood Mill. Much of which is dedicated to the production of coated bristles for the printing markets, under our Carolina brand. We're selling the Carolina brand to MeadWestvaco and repositioning the coated paperboard business to focus more on the packaging grades of coated board. And, to free up the capacity to make the fluff pulp and softwood pulp at the Riegelwood Mill. The conversion will provide additional pulp capacity of 400,000 tons at Riegelwood, and will bring our North American pulp system to 1.7 million tons. Importantly, 1.4 million of that is capable of making high-quality fluff pulp. This is the latest in a series of conversions to expand our fluff pulp business. By the way, a business we've been in since 1984 out of our Georgetown Mill. The coated paperboard capacity that we make in the coated bristles area will be shut down by early 2016. And, the new pulp capacity will be online by mid-2016. Riegelwood will have the capacity, or the capability, excuse me, to flex this capacity as our market needs demand. Between market softwood pulp and fluff pulp. This - the decision to convert the mill was based on the opportunity to grow with the market and our customers in the attractive fluff pulp market. We have the best customers in the market and the best growing markets geographically throughout the world. It also allows us to streamline our coated paperboard system. We intend to support our coated paperboard customers. And, the attractive growth segments, as I mentioned, in food service and consumer packaging grades out of our top rated mills in Texarkana, Texas and Augusta, Georgia. This investment of $135 million at Riegelwood has an expected return of greater than 20%. So in closing, International Paper continues to perform well today. We like the positions we've built in the key markets where we've chosen to operate. And, the businesses - in the businesses that are needle movers for IP. These strong positions, along with great execution by our teams on the ground, are enabling IP to manage margins and increase profitability. Regardless of what the market throws at us. We realize the world is a dynamic place and we're mindful of global demand, trade flows, and the implications of a strong U.S. dollar. But, given our strong positions and our great customer base, we feel it's all manageable. We have a solid pipeline of high return capital opportunities, a couple of which I've just highlighted, that'll enable us to successfully deploy capital and increase value. Our strong free cash flow generation enables us to fund these attractive opportunities. While continuing to return an attractive level of cash to our shareholders. All in, we remain excited about where we are, the path we're on, and what's out in front of us. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jay and open it up for questions.
Jay Royalty: Operator, we're ready to take questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: My first question has to do with well I have a couple of questions. One is the timing of the regal would conversion obviously the fluff pulp market is very attractive given its growth in international markets with rising living standards. And I know is close to the port of Wellington and news and export product. But the timing seems interesting to us because of the fact that other capacity is coming on. There is another player that might need to participate temporarily as a deal with the conversion. Themselves. So we were curious about that and wondered why now. And the second question has to do with could you remind us of your container board mill and box integration level in Europe proper? I guess excluding Russia?
Mark Sutton: Chip I will ask Mike who runs our consumer packaging business and North American papers to take the first one and Tim Nicholls will do the second question.
Mike Amick: As far as the timing of the regal would conversion without really referencing what others may or may not doing we are just reacting to the need that we have within our system to meet the strategic business and the demands that we see growing across the world. So this decision is very timely for us. And were excited about the opportunity and the value this will create for our customers and for share owners going forward.
Chip Dillon: And then on the integration levels in Europe?
Tim Nicholls: They're pretty small because most of the business over there is focused on industrial and test liner. We do have a big fresh fruit and vegetable segment and we do sell board out of North America and we are the main supplier for craft Virgin, but on a total bases and this is a little bit of a round number, but I would say we are probably close to 15 to [indiscernible] percent of their total by. But a big portion of the Virgin craft piece.
Chip Dillon: Just real quickly to follow back on the fluff conversion. Could you just remind us how much or how different it is selling fluff pulp to a typical consumer products company versus selling paper grade even into tissue and certainly into regular paper. To find at least important to have some staying power to the market . To the contracts tend to be a little bit longer and the standards, do people specify certain Mills etc.?
Mike Amick: It is a technical cell. It is a product that requires a fair amount of engineering and qualification process is quite lengthy. So it is a sale. As I said it's a qualification process. And there are typically contracts as well. But that varies depending upon the customer and the situation.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Two quick ones. First of all as you noted there have been lots of shifting dynamics. I believe at the end of the last quarter you had laid out a goal were expectation of about a 5% improvement in EBITDA for this year is that something you think is still doable?
Mark Sutton: We do. If the year is one quarter down and three corners to go. It's a steep challenge as we laid out. But we do believe we need to shoot for 5% EBITDA growth. We have some plans that put us within striking distance of that and we are hopeful and we've got a lot of time left in the year to do that. We've probably got about a 4% year-over-year in the first quarter but the challenges steeper. But that something we still have our eyes on.
Mark Weintraub: And then second if I look at I think at slide 22 you show market downtime for your different businesses. And container board for the first time since second quarter 2015 perhaps, you didn't take any market downtime. Yet at the same time you can see that the volumes in your industrial business both versus the first quarter and versus the year ago though very slightly versus the year ago there was a bit of a negative hit. So there seems to be almost a little bit of a surprise that for the first time in a while where you're actually seeing a little bit of the negative hit on the volume side where you're not taking any market downtime in container board. Can you maybe talk us through a little bit through the thought process there?
Mark Sutton: As you can imagine there's a number of things going on Mark. First of all were buying less board on the outside because we have less requirement to do so. We are needing to take board for all of our channels to market. Second of all were getting ready for what is going to be our largest outage quarter of the whole year. It's a big step up first quarter was big it's a big step or up the first quarter. And then lastly we ran better in the first quarter than we did in the fourth. But we still didn't run particularly well so we were scrambling a bit to try to get the building product in our pipeline are going to need as we go through the area.
Mark Weintraub: So at the end of the day would you say your inventory situation is just where you want to be in container board?
Mark Sutton: Not quite, we built 60,000 inventory we would've liked a probably a little bit more. If you think about it in terms of our system that’s less than two days of production and we’re going through a very heavy season. So it's close to what we wanted but probably a little bit on the light side.
Operator: Your next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I'm wondering dive back into consumer and by box board markets and I missed this, I remember we were having two machines could you relay or rewrite how much you're taking out of the Bristol market and then the related question how do you see the folding box board markets in now in terms of in terms of supply demand balance specifically in North America?
Mike Amick: Your first question was around the printing piece of that. That business represents about 15% of our total capacity. So roughly in the neighborhood of call it 250,000 tons of capacity is what's being made at our Riegelwood facility directed at printing papers market.
Mark Sutton: From a supply demand balance I guess you're asking really on a worldwide basis. You're still seeing we are still seeing a large supply position out there relative to demand. And that's something that we understand and we look at and manage but that still the case.
George Staphos: Maybe backing up and segueing off of your earlier questions how much of the conversion here was driven by the opportunities you see in fluff pulp and how much was a recognition of a potential supply demand imbalance in the future in the box board markets? I know it's hard to be precision like in your comment here but were interested in your thoughts.
Mark Sutton: This is one of these situations that come up maybe not too often where you've got a win-win. This was primarily a move driven by our fluff position. And trying to improve our position in that business. For the long-term.
George Staphos: Okay. I guess to last ones in alternate over. Bigger picture you've done a great job of improving as you've pointed out this part of your cost of capital market or the last couple of years. And you intend to continue that. How do you see the strategy shifting at IP if at all to manage and grow that spread. Do you see that being driven by things you do within your capital structure? To improve the spread? Or do you see it being driven more by investment and within investment you see it being more by acquisition opportunities or more the sorts of things like Valliant and Riegelwood? Thanks and I will turn it over.
Mark Sutton: I think for a company that has a scale that we haven't to be able to move the needle you have to keep all of your strategic options available to you. So it's probably will be a little bit of all of the above that you just talked about. For I think you will see is more opportunities with projects like Valliant the build upon a strong position business or region and to improve that position. And that something that we have not really done a lot of lately because we were doing some large M&A work and sort of build the company we have today. So I think some of this goes in cycles but back to my comments on ROIC the measure to look at where you know work to create value against that backdrop looking to maintain a solid spread above our cost of capital, and what we do will need to pass that test.
Operator: Your next question is from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Carol or Mark expand the project abandonment can you quantify how much the charge was and will that be the option for the paper machine down at [indiscernible]?
Carol Roberts: Gail, I would prefer not to call out exactly what it is because it would give some insight into some of the stuff but it was pretty much in accounting thing. We go ahead and approve code I funds for capital and once we make a decision let's they were not going to permit pursue something let's keep her book straight. It was enough that I felt that we needed to call it out but that's about the detail I'll be guilty give you.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about what's been going on the uncoated free she market are you seeing any response in the market to the threat of duties and any view on what might happen in June?
Mike Amick: As you're seeing as you're seeing reported in the industry numbers, there has been some pullback in reduction in imports coming into the U.S.. As far as going from a kind of a timeline standpoint the IPC rules is now on the hands of the Department of Commerce. And we'll see expect to see an answer or ruling from them on duties or potential duties sometime in June.
Gail Glazerman: And that have you heard from customers that you might've lost last year reports coming in? Are you seeing that or is it just with the demand supply and that's kind of offsetting it?
Mark Sutton: We haven't seen that Gail.
Gail Glazerman: Can you give a little bit of color what you're seeing in currently in terms of the box market if you look into the second quarter and maybe a little bit of color on as well?
Mark Sutton: We’re seeing a seasonal pickup in April. The first court economic activity was lighter than we would have hoped coming into the quarter. We had a little bit of a soft margin things kind of settled out but I think that we are seeing kind of a normal seasonal pickup and second quarter is a big order for us. It's a lot of fresh fruit and vegetable and so I'd say April so far is seasonally up.
Gail Glazerman: And export demand?
Mark Sutton: Export demand has been pretty good. You read all the headlines from the newspapers and you'd think that it would take a hit, but we've seen the FX in Europe from a demand standpoint it's been really consistent.
Operator: Next question is from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey: Looking at the first quarter box shipment number for IP versus the industry can you just talk about the drivers of the underperformance. Why IP's number came in later and looking forward is the expectation for the balance of the year that the volume number could potential he lag the industry?
Mark Sutton: What we constantly do is make choices around customers. And some of what hit us in the first quarter was choices around customer mix that we had made in the fourth quarter and those finally came fully through. In the first quarter. Yes over the next quarter or two we could be caught depending on what the market does, down a little bit or close. But what we’re trying to do is manage the portfolio across all the segments that we serve to make sure we're picking the right pieces of the business to make right sense for us for long-term. So it's kind of a constant evaluation that we go through and we were a little bit light in the quarter. But I don't think that is be concerned.
Alex Ovshey: And then thinking about your European container board business box business you supply a lot of your craft lighter board from the U.S. but you mentioned that the test liner is purchased locally. Is there a strategic benefit from potentially integrating that converting business in Europe with mill assets? Can you talk us through that scenario?
Mark Sutton: We evaluate the test liner integration benefits and level on a continuous basis. There was a time where we were 35% integrated we had a mill in France that we closed. We have good integration level in our business in Morocco, we have a couple of mills in Turkey, we really look at it on in available paper type of segments we choose to participate in. Our business as I've mentioned before is largely built around the Mediterranean region and fresh food areas that a heavy craft liner and semi can media market. That's the primary focus of that market. And we view the craft liner as an extension in between our North American box system. So as we think about strategic development of the business the need to make some of our own test liner or more than we do today will continuously be evaluated. But there is ample supply in Europe for companies that are configured like us so the availability of the paper is there. It has to be the right economic and has to be the right quality. With the way to different products were making. There could be a scenario where make sense to make more but right now we feel like our position is in a good spot will be evaluated on a continuous basis and will be in and out overtimes of test liner.
Alex Ovshey: If I can just ask one quick one on Ilim I think you talked with a normal EBITDA out of the business of about $600 million. With all the puts and takes do we think run track to be able to achieve that number in 2015? And what would be the cash dividend that would be associated with having an EBITDA number that's close to the $600 million number?
Carol Roberts: I think there is a good shot to hit that number a lot will depend on how things turn out. We are performing well we've got graced cost positions a lot of depend on demand out of China for pulp and kind of where the currency goes another stakes. Relative to the dividend it's going to be very cash positive so a lot of that will depend on Ilim board will make that decision will be around that debt covenants and will be for lack of cash. So we feel very good about that business and think we’re going to have a very strong year.
Operator: Your next question is from Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Alex [indiscernible] on for Phil, thanks for taking my question. So the strong dollars have been at headwind for expert between her board prices but there's also been some container board price increased in Europe and Brazil, can you talk about what you’re seeing in terms of export prices and your outlook prices begin to firm up?
Tim Nicholls: Most of the movement that we've seen as really been currency related out of Europe. We haven't really seen any movement and other regions world. And the price we've announced price increases on Europe shipments is there going out we started earlier this year but that's only made up about half of the impact on currency so I'd say it's Europe on currency and yes there's some pressure, there's been some spot prices here and there but nothing structural that we have seen so far in other parts of the world.
Unidentified Analyst: And just one follow. I appreciate the color on April box trend seasonally is any way you can give a comp on apples to apples year-over-year basis?
Tim Nicholls: We'll see how the quarter plays on talk to you the end of the second quarter. Like I said it's usually our strongest quarter in terms of volume. And we’re seeing seasonal lift so far. So we feel okay about it.
Operator: Your next question is from Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Al Kabili: I guess the question for Tim is just on the opportunity for further optimization in the container board business. Can you just update us where we are at their in North America and if there is any specific targeted improvement that you have for this year on that?
Tim Nicholls: Well we are constantly looking every year we have a certain amount of initiative baked in and it's across the board. We had extremely good performance in our converting operations in the first quarter both on waste on per foot. In the middle system we are targeting cash costs every year. We did not run as well as we wanted to in the first quarter but we ran a lot better than that in the fourth quarter and we feel good about the rest of the year. So it's going to be running the mills more reliably and running better from a input consumption standpoint. Supply chain continues to be a big opportunity for us. And running the mills reliably helps that because we there's freight logical statements from mills to converting facilities and when were up and down in mill facilities it makes it a little bit harder to keep supply chain in line. I think we've got a pretty good plan for this year in terms of improvement. Across converting mills and.
Al Kabili: And just on I know the export had sort of in the majority of the pricing sequentially in the business. But from the medium published medium price cuts do you see any meaningful impact from that? Or maybe can call it what that impact is. I would think there might be a sequential drag as you see the full impact in that into queue although maybe light. Thanks
Tim Nicholls: Yes I don't to get going to be a huge shift for us. I just don't see the medium having a big impact on performance systems.
Al Kabili: Okay and the final question is just on the West Coast is going through another pretty severe drought this year. I know that impacted you last year. Any early read on what the impact might be this year?
Mark Sutton: It's hard to tell what happens to the course of the year a little bit the first quarter. Second quarter is when we naturally pick up around produce fresh fruit and vegetables so we'll have to see. Yet still dry. What has helped is the port situation. Just there were agricultural products that were sitting in ports spoiling. Among other things. And having that resolved in the supply chain starting to correct themselves is going to be a help.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly: Just one question [indiscernible] used to talk about capital spending versus depreciation levels geographically that he was spending more capital and growth markets overseas and less in the U.S.. As we think about the new spending and the new initiatives that you're making in the U.S. as that changed dramatically. And when you think that balance of To depreciation domestically and overseas is going to be over the next couple of years?
Mark Sutton: I think some of the spending that you referenced really was about hoping some position and some new markets. All most by design you're going to spend early on greater depreciation. I think our view is spending is up percentage of Bruce appreciation more portly IBR capital spend it as a percentage of our revenue and where we think we can generate these returns on invested capital in excess of our cost of capital. Again back to that is a more focused filter work that's where you'll begin to see more capital in the strategic reinvestment category invested where we really believe we can create that sustained value. And it will be looking at capital as a percentage of our revenue and also as a percentage of depreciation and looking at that together.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner: Mark when I look at the two projects the Valliant restart and then I looked down at the regal conversion the Valliant project just when he 5% IRR is 20% plus the question is really going forward on these capital investments. Is there a belief within the company that we should be looking at lower IRR's on future investments, is at the quick correct way to read that?
Mark Sutton: Not sure I understand why you would include that are you thinking maybe we did the highest once first? Correct
Scott Gaffner: Correct exactly.
Mark Sutton: No that’s not a good conclusion. What drives the timing on projects like this is the return is honestly important but there is an acceptable group of projects Mike described the market demands of our customers. The timing of bringing product into the market. You think about Valliant part of that timing was based on May versus by and the role of our agreements. On the fluff project we have the customer base we want and that customer base so that drove the timing more than it was the highest to returns we had. So I think the kinds of projects you'll be seeing in the future will be in this range and better. Not worse.
Scott Gaffner: I appreciate you clearing that up. Just following up on exports. Obviously pricing's been a little bit pressure just because the FX component. But when you look at shipping costs have you noticed a significant offset there from lower shipping cost into the export regions that might benefit?
Mark Sutton: I think that for the whole company because we export a lot of things from the U.S.. I don't Nick we've seen a significant offset in the export arena . They are puts and takes but nothing that's shown up materially as an offset to the pressures you described.
Operator: Next question is from Dr. Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered if you could first will update us I think you've been doing some kind of recent around the whole international portfolio with the company it sounded like China had been under the biggest question for you and I wondered if you be willing to talk about that?
Mark Sutton: I can't talk about anything in detail. The what you're referring to is we talked about a couple calls and as a couple of conferences and that is we constantly need to reevaluate our positions in our strategy and looking at places that we really believe on the long-term International Paper can win. So the international regions that we are in today are under evaluation and as you can see from decisions we've made even domestically with the coated paperboard repositioning our positions in the U.S. are under evaluation all against the backdrop of can we win long-term and produce returns that are in excess of our cost of capital. Maybe not all at the same time in any moment at time but that's the goal, get the company's return on invested capital to be balanced in any part of the company in the long-term contribute to the target. With that as backdrop we have work to do I'm not prepared to talk about any conclusions, but rest assured that work is being done.
Mark Wilde: I wonder just looking at volumes quarter to quarter and year-over-year couple of them really jumped out at me. One was the drop off in the Asian quoted board volumes and the other was the weakness in the Brazilian uncoated paper volumes. I guess particularly with Brazil and other Brazil is weak but I also know that a weaker the business should be much Mark competitive from an expert standpoint.
Mark Sutton: I think in the Brazil piece one of the issues with the IP numbers was we had a tremendous first quarter in 2014. Without the lion share some incremental demand the came out of some government programs and we didn't have that this particular quarter. So our comp was particularly difficult. But we are not losing our position in our business in our margins in the paper business in Brazil, we're still very strong. It was really more of a timing and comp issue more than anything else in the Brazil paper demand paper drop off. Now the coated board in China I think part of what we’re doing in our coated board business in China we made those investments to make the high-end of the market. And were continuing to upgrade our mix and in some cases base on the supply demand economics and margin pressures it was the right economic decision for us to make less of those lower and general folding carton grades and more of the higher-end grades that go into more sophisticated packaging. And just make less product to make a better result. So that demand relative to the market is self-inflicted and the right decision for us because our strategy was to make the high-end grades.
Mark Wilde: The last thing I wanted to do is just circle back on that three times leverage target that you have had Mark. And I just like some updated thoughts on how important getting down to that level is for you. And what you'd be willing to go up to in the short-term for a transaction?
Mark Sutton: I think it is no change in our view on that. I think the three times leverage is the right place for International Paper over time. You've obviously seen us go above that that we did it and we got it back they quickly. So I think the strategy we would have on any kind of investment that would require us to increase our leverage would be along those lines where if we did it, we already have a plan to get it back . And as we announced the transaction the transaction to be announced in the plan of how we get our leverage `we think it's important the long-term health the company and to be a long-term value creator that being in that zone is important.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Chris Manuel: Just a couple of follow-up from earlier questions. First I looking at fleet slide 32 refer to year-over-year price in your North American container board being down a chunk and I guess I'm presuming a lot of that I'm sorry currency driven. Can you maybe talk about the appetite or how you think about particular given your strategy as a using the European operations is an expert be three North American Mills is how you feel about needing to recover or maintain certain price cost relationships. Additionally you've got some inflation stuff you've mentioned logistics and freight that event up a bit. How do you think about maintaining a recovering some elements for your system?
Mark Sutton: First of all we shift through multiple channels and we expect all those channels to earn their keep. So when we see margin pressure were looking for ways to recover that or shift from one channel to another. So we did get hit on the container port side with currency and we've had a number of increases that we've pushed through as we went through the first part of the year we haven't recovered all the currency impact. I'm not sure which slide you're looking at it if you're looking at the container business on page 31 most of what you see there is pretty small movements. And most of that is mix. We just experience. Should. We sell to a lot of customers or a lot of different types of boxes there is a fairly broad distribution of price given box construction. And so most of what you see there is mix on price as of the boxes were selling. Margins are margin structure from quarter to quarter was dead flat.
Chris Manuel: Okay. Second question was if I can follow up from an earlier one as well. Have your customers approached you would all particular West Coast customers fruit and vegetable process etc. regarding, the drug has been an issue, if they come at you and suggest that any sense that we may have 510% lower needs given a shortages of water things of that nature. That's directionally some of the color we've heard regarding outlooks or thoughts regarding some of the crops, but your color would be helpful.
Mark Sutton: We have not.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: So a lot of these things have been asked. Starting with one, obviously currency wasn't the problem on the bottom line. But the revenues missed the consensus pre-substantially. Some wondering if that is the FX and you can qualify the impact.
Carol Roberts: Steve, the FX was a big factor translating those Brazilian sales in the euro sales in two dollars was a big impact. And that's the majority of it.
Steve Chercover: And secondly down year-over-year sequentially and xpedx is discontinued op is a good run rate to use in the low 400s now?
Mark Sutton: Can you say that again you broke up on the first part of the question?
Steve Chercover: Selling and admin expenses are down year-over-year and sequentially. And I believe xpedx has already been discontinued so I wondering if a good run rate is now in the low 400 range?
Carol Roberts: It probably is but think about the first quarter is probably a lower cost quarter because we have an annual increase that hits April 1. But there could be a little bit of movement it should be reasonable. The only other area there would be incentive comp can move around quarter to quarter and that is not insignificant.
Steve Chercover: Final question, it's sounds like there is still some runway for Ilim after the work is done. Can we see that thing approach maybe $50 million as a line item quarter in quarter out?
Carol Roberts: I would hesitate to quote a number. I would have to go back and do the math. One thing I would say because it is a pulp business it is going to be a bit of a cyclical is this your going to have some peaks that are going to be really awesome and you don't know when those might be, so it could be a very strong number that I would have to go back and look before I would speculate on where the earnings would be, but Jay would be a good one follow-up on that.
Operator: And your final question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Mark, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the consumer packaging business following Riegelwood you have two world-class SBS Mills here, but you don't have the full converting capabilities few of your large publicly traded competitors. So as you look at this business long-term would you look to get bigger in converting or would you maybe looked continue to streamline the business. Is it strategically important to be an SBS long-term or you content to do with the asset base of now?
Mark Sutton: The consumer packaging business not only in the U.S. but globally where we do it, we do some of that business in Europe. We do some in China. Is an important business for us. We are surgically targeted to certain segments with certain substrates. We don't have a full line of substrates we don't have a full line of converting and that seems to be working for us. In our recent history we've tried some other methods to grow that business with other types of converting. With varying degrees of success or lack thereof. So we’re going to be very careful with how we look to grow that business, but it is an important business for us. We really like the North American SBS base business and the converting that we do. But again back to my earlier comments anything we do in consumer packaging or any of the other businesses we will have to be convinced that it drives the return on invested capital of the overall company. And even though we have two mill system or emerging into a two mill system SBS for packaging grades those are two enormous mills that have a significant capacity and product capability that are best in class in the world. So I don't go by the number of mills I look at the number of customers we serve and the growth rates of those customers and where we think we can add value and be competitive. And that will be the test we use on whether or not we grow and more converting. It's not, we just need to do it to be like every else, it's about value creation.
Anthony Pettinari: And then just trying to Brazil top demand environment potentially higher taxes and tariffs on energy usages, given all those challenges is there a way to quantify the potential for EBITDA margin improvement at Orsa or to quantify that runway? And then putting aside some of the bad external things, what are the kind of the actions you can take internally at Orsa to improve performance of the business?
Mark Sutton: The Brazil packaging business is in the same market, experiencing the same dynamics as our paper business. So demand has been a challenge. What we have done is we have improved internally how we're operating the mills that we have there. They are relatively small mills by our U.S. scale but they have the same kinds of challenges and problems so we are deploying our capabilities of manufacturing excellence and other tools we use to improve those mills. And we’re seeing some results there. So internal self-help improvement on how we operate. And on the box plants it's a number of things. It's improving our capability to serve customers through the supply chain improvements and also adding a little bit of automation to lower our fixed cost and we are making progress on all those fronts. We’re not losing position in our packaging business. We've got some really important customers that are having a tough go of it and so as their business contracts a bit we contract. So we've got to figure out the commercial side and replace some of that business but I think when the economy in Brazil improves, when the government reforms take hold the packaging business is going to be much better positioned to perform in a better environment than it was when we made the acquisition.
Operator: At this time I'll turn it back for Mr. Royalty for closing remarks
Jay Royalty: Okay thanks. That will conclude today's call. Thanks Mark and Carol and all. And thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. As always Michelle and I are available after the call and our phone numbers are on slide 19 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies gentlemen this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - VP, Investor Relations Mark Sutton - Chairman & CEO Carol Roberts - SVP & CFO Mike Amick - SVP, North American Papers, Pulp and Consumer Packaging Tom Kadien - SVP, Human Resources, Communications & Government Relations
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Gail Glazerman - UBS Philip Ng - Jefferies Al Kabili - Macquarie Securities Mark Wilde - Bank of Montreal Ontario Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets.  Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2014 International Paper Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I’ll now the transfer this call over to your host, Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Stephanie. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are Mark Sutton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the Fourth Quarter and 2014 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly relative to the Ilim JV, slide four provides context around the joint ventures, financial information and statistical measures.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Jay and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. What I would like to do is quickly go over the format that we’ll follow this morning. In the beginning, I’ll review our Full Year 2014 results, and then turn it over to Carol Roberts to speak to the fourth quarter and the performances of our individual businesses. And then we’ll come back and cover the first quarter and 2015 outlook before opening it up to questions.  So I am on slide five looking at 2014 full-year results. International Paper completed a strong year in 2014. We delivered record cash flow from operations of $3.4 billion along with free cash flow of $2.1 billion. North American Industrial Packaging results were significant with the business achieving $2.7 billion in EBITDA and margins of 24%. Return on Invested Capital was 9.2% making this the fifth consecutive year that our returns have exceeded our cost of capital. And additionally we saw margin expansion across all of our key businesses in 2014. We conducted a successful debt restructuring program in which we pushed out a billion dollars of debt from 2018 and 2019.  And we achieved more than $40 million in annualized interest savings as a result. In the fall, we increased our dividend by 14% to $1.60 per share, which was the third year in a row of double-digit dividend increases. For the year we bought back roughly $1 billion of IP stocks at a little over $47 a share. We completed the closure of the Courtland Alabama printing papers mill, which, as we’ve mentioned was very difficult for us to do, especially with the impact on our employees. But we believe, it was necessary given the ongoing decline in North American uncoated free sheet demands.  We completed the spinoff of our North American Distribution business xpedx and received $400 million as it became part of the new publicly traded company Veritiv. And the Russian JV, Ilim, which we own 50% had a solid year improving operational EBITDA by a 126% to $470 million for the full year. And we received a dividend of $56 million in 2014 from Ilim. Turning to the full-year financial results, IP achieved solid improvement across the board. Full year earnings-per-share finished at $3 per share and included in this figure is $0.63 of Ilim FX negative impact. Absent this impact our EPS was up 20% year-over-year and we’ll talk more about that in a minute.  Turning to slide seven, which is a history of our Return on Invested Capital. As I mentioned for 2014 our return was 9.2%, again the fifth year in a row that we're above cost of capital. We continue to deliver on our commitment to create value for our shareholders. I’d also note that if you consider the impact to the equity earnings of the Ilim FX charge I mentioned earlier, which was a non-cash charge, our ROIC would have been over 10% for 2014 and that would have been a best ever mark for the company.  Turning to slide eight, 2014’s free cash flow of $2.1 billion continued a strong trend of free cash flow results since 2008. Beyond strong earnings from the businesses, our cash flow performance in 2014 benefited from strong working capital management in the fourth quarter. As we look to 2015 and beyond, we remain confident that IP can continue to deliver strong free cash flow in the years ahead. And turning to the uses of that cash, we continue to do what we said we would do. In total, we returned $1.6 billion or more than 75% of our free cash flow to shareholders throughout 2014. And additionally, we finished the year with a cash balance of $1.9 billion.  And with that overview of the full year, I’ll turn it over to Carol and then I'll return later to talk about the outlook and then we’ll open it up for questions. Carol? 
Carol Roberts: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. Turning to slide ten, looking at the year-over-year bridge for 2014, you can see year-over-year price improvement was significant at $0.89 with about 60% of this coming from our North American Industrial Packaging business, 30% from Printing Papers and the balance came from our Consumer Packaging segment. In aggregate volume was down and this was mostly due to the volume decline in North American Printing Papers as Mark said largely driven by the Courtland mill shutdown. Overall our operations performed well for the year. Looking at input costs, they were a $141 million higher due to the stubbornly and consistently high wood costs that we saw throughout the year.  Energy costs were higher as well, largely driven by the very low levels that we saw in 2013 and also impacted by the significant weather that we experienced in the first quarter of 14, and the lingering impact that, that had on energy costs through the first half of the year. These were partially offset by lower chemical costs. Taxes were higher in 2014 by about 5% and that was due to fewer tax benefits in 14 versus what we experienced in 2013. And finally we had a significant non-cash Ilim FX hit in 2014 as Mark pointed out of $0.63 per share. But most importantly we saw a substantial improvement in the business, in the operations as you can see in the call-out box.  And this is attributable to the continued post project ramp up as well other efficiency improvements and margin expansion that resulted in operational EBITDA more than doubling from the prior year. So as Mark stated when you exclude the Ilim non-cash FX charge we enjoyed an EPS improvement of more than 20% in 2014. Turning to the results for the fourth quarter, as Mark said IP delivered record free cash flow for the year and it was no different in the quarter with $739 million of free cash flow. And this came from solid performance across all our key businesses, as well as strong working capital management in the quarter.  We benefited from stronger North American Box demand, but this was muted by weaker global conditions in a number of our segments. We did see some benefit from lower input costs in the quarter and operating results at the Ilim JV were strong. Although as we said the JV did experience a large non-cash FX charge of $0.40 in the quarter itself, and this reduced our fourth-quarter EPS to $0.53 per share. Additionally, we repurchased a 170 million of our shares in the fourth quarter bringing the total purchases since September of 2013 to $1.44 billion.  Moving to slide twelve, taking a look at the quarter-over-quarter bridge I’ll highlight a few key items. On volume, results were better for the quarter as the North American Box volume exceeded our expectations on stronger daily demand. Operations and cost were unfavorable quarter-over-quarter largely due to some isolated issues at a few of our mills in the US. The issue we had at our mill in France and an issue we had at one of our mills in Brazil. Additionally the fourth quarter is typically a more expensive operating quarter due to the onset of colder weather and some other seasonal costs that we see. Transportation rates across all our North American businesses were higher due to tight rail and truck markets. And year end true-up expenses were higher in the quarter as well.  Regarding corporate expenses there was a non-cash FX charge for the administrative restructuring of an international entity for which we took a one-time hit. As I said Ilim operational results improved in the quarter while we also experienced the large negative non-cash FX charge associated with JV US denominated debt. As I mentioned on the prior slide, EPS for the quarter would have been $0.40 higher in the absence of this non-cash FX impact.  So turning to Industrial Packaging on slide thirteen, despite three fewer shipping days in the quarter volume was flat as the daily rate for box demand was at its strongest level of the year. Pricing and aggregate was down slightly, primarily driven by pressure on exports due to seasonality and a weaker euro. Operations were unfavorable for the quarter primarily driven by isolated issues at our Orange, Texas and Newport, Indiana mills. And as I mentioned transportation costs were higher as well as truck and rail rates increased due to pretty -- a very tight market condition. We also experienced higher benefit costs and other expenses due to some year-end true ups, and we had several one-off expenses that at our Brazil Packaging business.  Maintenance outage expenses were higher as well, but we had clearly expected that. And then finally on input costs, they were modestly lower as we saw lower expenses for energy, OCC and diesel that were offset by some higher utility costs. And we had a major event at the steam provider for our Newport, Indiana mill that resulted in our need to pay some premium pricing for energy to sustain mill operations throughout the quarter.  I think slide fourteen is just a great picture which shows the track record of results that we've been able to achieve in our North American Industrial Packaging business for the last ten years. In 2014 the business achieved $2.7 billion in EBITDA, 24% margins. We're very proud of this business and of all of our colleagues in the Industrial Packaging business, and the job they have done to achieve, sustain, and build on these industry-leading results. And this has really been done through delivering real value to our customers, great operating performance and quite honestly a commitment to excellence and to continue to improve.  Moving to Consumer Packaging, seasonally lower demand in solid operating performance and a desire to manage our inventories very closely resulted in the need for some market-related downtime in the quarter to match production to our customers’ demand. Results were also impacted by higher maintenance outage expenses and some unfavorable FX impact in our European and China business. The business did see some benefit from lower input costs for wood, energy and fuel.  Moving on to Printing Papers on slide sixteen, volume was seasonally stronger in Brazil and Russia. Pricing and mix were slightly unfavorable for the quarter as less favorable pulp mix and pricing pressure in Europe were partially offset by a seasonally stronger mix in Brazil. Maintenance outages were higher as expected and operations were unfavorable due to higher operating expenses in North American papers, and higher costs associated with reliability issues at our Mogi Guaçu mill in Brazil and our Saillat mill in France. Higher year-end benefit costs in Brazil impacted our results as well. And once again as in the other businesses input costs were favorable on our Paper segment.  Slide seventeen kind of highlights IP’s year-over-year change in operating profits by region for the Printing Papers business. In North America Printing Papers improved by $2 million which you have to point out is significant when you consider the $40 million charge of additional expenses that we incurred in 2014 related to the Courtland closure. The North American Pulp business had a good year with improved earnings of $55 million driven by higher volume, improved operations and improved pricing and mix associated with a higher percentage of Fluff Pulp.  Brazil was flat, really not surprising given the economic headwinds we’ve experienced there. And Europe was down $27 million on less favorable pricing and mix, higher input costs partially offset by lower outage expenses. Earnings in India improved $10 million year-over-year driven by improved pricing and lower operational and maintenance outage expenses.  Now turning to the Ilim JV on slide eighteen, a good quarter of operating and margin performance which was offset by the large non-cash FX charge related to the JV’s US dollar-denominated debt. Volume was up 12% for the quarter, operational EBITDA increased to a $143 million. When looking at the full-year results, volume was up 19% to almost 3.2 million tons. Operational EBITDA improved from $208 million in 2013 to $470 million in 2014. These improvements were largely attributable to the ramp-up of the major JV funded capital projects of both at the Koryazhma mill and the Bratsk mill as well as other efficiency improvements made by the Ilim team.  Due to the significant devaluation of the ruble, which we saw late in the fourth quarter, the JV expects to see further margin expansion in the first quarter. And again simply put, most of our costs, 95% of our costs are in rubles, and 65% of our sales are in dollars, which gives us this opportunity for margin expansion. It is worth noting that with that devaluation of the currency, we will see rising inflation in 2015 and that also has a potential to create some pressure on pulp pricing. So it will be very important for the team at Ilim to closely manage operations and costs as they go into 2015.  As we step back and look at the many reasons we like our investment in Ilim, our partnership with Ilim at the top of the list is how the JV is so well positioned to serve the most significant and fastest growing pulp market in the world, China. The JV’s pulp operations in Siberia are uniquely located with favorable access to the vast Russian wood basket and importantly with access to mainland China by rail, a straight south from where the mill sits. The JV will benefit from the recent significant devaluation in the ruble which has positioned the softwood pulp operation as the lowest cost on the globe. And there's more potential as we continue to improve the operational performance of the business.  So before I turn to the outlook I’d like to give you an update on our balance sheet. And some of the impacts that we've had are due to the lower discount rates along with a change to mortality tables that came about last year and that we’ve implemented into our liability accounting. We did see our pension gap grow to $3.9 billion as of the end of 2014. In the year we made roughly a $350 million in required pension contributions. And this contribution looks to be maybe about a $100 million in 2015, not yet totally decided but certainly much less than what we had previously anticipated.  As you recall, we executed a significant bond issue and tender offer that Mark mentioned this year that enabled us to move out about a billion dollars of debt from 18 and 19 which were our largest towers along with realizing roughly a $40 million annualized interest saving. And we ended the year with a cash balance of $1.9 billion.  So on twenty one, turning to the outlook for the first quarter. Volume will be largely flat across most of our businesses with the exception of Russia and Brazil, where there is a normal seasonal decrease. The seasonal decrease in Brazil is coming off of the strongest quarter of the year, which is the fourth quarter. And this typically will result in about a third less volume for Brazil domestically, so about a $30 million negative swing quarter-over-quarter. We expect pricing to be fairly stable across most geographies with the exception of Europe, where pressure continues in the paper side due to continued economic challenges.  We expect improved operating performance in North American Industrial Packaging as the isolated issues we experienced in the fourth quarter are behind us. And we have a similar expectation for improved performance at our Mogi Guaçu mill in Brazil as well as the Saillat mill in France. We do expect some modest offsets from North American Consumer Package as operation and costs move back to a more typical first-quarter level. Input costs should trend favorably due to lower energy and fuel costs, but we are seeing some offset of that due to increasing transportation rates, due to the tight conditions both in the rail and the truck markets.  And energy consumption in North America will be higher as well due to the normal winter condition. Maintenance outage expenses are expected to increase in the quarter, $14 million. We assume operations at the Ilim JV will continue to perform favorably and as usual we are not attempting to forecast the ruble. The assumption of flat FX coming out of the fourth quarter would result in a $0.40 positive swing for the first quarter. But based upon what we're seeing to date, there's likely some additional negative impact in the first quarter depending on how the ruble ends the quarter.  And we expect the tax rate to increase modestly to 33% on higher US earnings in the absence of tax extenders which we saw in the fourth quarter of 14. And finally we expect corporate expense to return to the normalized rate of roughly $15 million in the quarter. So with that, let me turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Carol. I am on slide twenty two now and what I would like to do is make a couple of comments about how we see 2015 as we enter the year. You know I’d like to turn your attention to the slide, and it’s a lot of information on the slide. Basically what we're trying to do here is take a look at growth rates, GDP rates in the regions that we operate comparing them, 15 to 14. And as you can see from the chart we see a few more headwinds and tailwinds. But a reminder, 80% plus of our EBITDA is generated in the US, and we see a stronger US market. So that really helps a lot in North America.  This is the market that drives our results, and we saw in a number of businesses some improved demand environment as we exited 2014. In the markets that are most challenged as we enter 2015, Carol spoke about Russia and the challenges domestically in Russia. However, with our leverage as an exporter we think we can navigate that environment. We didn’t talk a lot about Brazil, but Brazil is in a difficult position right now. Again our paper businesses in Brazil is well positioned to win in those markets. We provide product in Brazil, but also in the region.  Our packaging business is mostly about Brazil and of course that will be more impacted, but we do see some improvement opportunities there. And the bottom line is we’ve built a company that's got exposure in a number of markets. We're nimble, we're ready and able to deal with a variety of macro conditions that might occur in any given year and we will work very hard to offset headwinds in one area with hopefully tailwinds in another. As we turn to our expectations for 2015, we see continued progress and strong results despite the macro environment that I just described as remaining challenging.  As we showed earlier in the presentation deck, we delivered consistently strong results in both ROIC and free cash flow for the last several years. And I believe we will do the same again in 2015. We see the opportunity to grow our EBITDA by roughly 5% by executing the plans we currently have in place for our key businesses. Along with this expected increase in EBITDA, free cash flow is likely to be impacted by things like higher cash taxes as a result of higher earnings from the US operations I talked about, also as a result of changing and lower tax credits and a few non-repeat deductible events. Relative to how we're thinking about CapEx, our target for 2015 is 1.5 billion.  The intent is to continue to find a higher percentage of our high-return projects that will enable IP to continue to grow earnings, free cash flow and our returns. Some recent examples of these higher return projects are our foodservice expansion in Kenton, Ohio and the restart of our Valliant number three paper machine which we shared with you in a prior quarter. So thinking about the key leverage that will enable the EBITDA growth for 2015, here are a few I’d like to highlight and I am on slide twenty four. We’ve a great opportunity to continue to optimize the North American Industrial Packaging system with the ramp down of our DOJ required purchases from the mills that we divested as part of the Temple-Inland acquisition, and the restart of the Valliant machines.  Those two events allow us to optimize our system even further and again we mentioned this before but I’ll restate it. It’s not about volume growth as much as it is about enhanced flexibility across a very large system which will enable us to serve the customer needs we’ve at a lower total delivered cost. So we’ve opportunities to grow kraft liner through our international box system. We’ve talked about that in prior discussions. We still see opportunity there in specialty applications like paper that's required for gypsum board, which we also make in our containerboard system is growing and all of this flexibility allows us to bring the best revenue stream in through the asset base we’ve.  The Courtland shutdown and transition are complete and we’ll realize the benefits of this repositioning for the North American Printing Papers business while the costs are largely behind us from 2014. There is a growing trend in demand for fiber-based food packaging that we see in the move from foam to paper cups as an example, and the growing plate segment, just to name a few. And we're well-positioned to benefit from these demand trends. And we expect to see solid improvement in results in our Brazil Industrial Packaging business. We're well-positioned to benefit from continued margin expansion that Carol outlined in our Ilim JV.  So before we go to questions, I would just like to conclude by saying you know 2014 was a strong year for IP and a lot was accomplished. I feel good about how we performed and the momentum we’ve going into 2015. We again delivered strong results and created value for our shareholders and that's our commitment. We're off to a good start in 2015. I am excited about the prospects for another strong year. We’ve every opportunity to deliver on the outlook I just shared with you, and our team is engaged in committing to doing it. 2015 is all about execution and that's something we pride ourselves on really continuing to improve on.  In addition, we intend to focus more resources on high-return capital projects within our core businesses that can drive additional earnings growth. And finally our team is committed to continue to find ways to deliver the most value for shareholders. And as such, we will continue to evaluate all of our businesses as well as our capital allocation strategy. We feel good about where we’ve come from and what we've accomplished, but we're far from satisfied at this point. We expect to deliver more value in the future. And on that note, I'd like to give you a quick update on where we are with the Master Limited Partnership evaluation process.  We continue to look and work diligently on this project with our tax, financial and legal advisors. And the real question is evaluating whether the MLP structure is the best vehicle to create value for IP and our shareholders. We continue to be interested in the opportunity. While we said before it’s complicated, we haven’t seen anything that would say that we need to shut down the analysis so that it’s a no-go. By the same token, we haven't reached a conclusion either. But since our last call we’ve filed a request with the IRS to get a private letter ruling and it remains a little unclear on how that might proceed, but we will stay tuned.  Our primary goal is to create value for our shareholders and we're evaluating the MLP opportunity because it has the potential to be part of our value creation strategy. As we’ve more information to share we will keep everyone informed. With that I think we're ready for questions. 
Question-and:
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question is from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. 
George Staphos: A few questions. You know Mark, you know, you mentioned that or the company mentioned that you expect to grow EBITDA this year about 5%, and we wish you well in that regard. And you talked to some of the drivers of that performance on slide twenty four. Would it be possible to perhaps parse how much of that growth comes from those drivers when considering in 2014 you know looking at your slides, you didn't grow EBITDA quite 5%. And that was the year where you had much more pricing tailwinds and you're likely to have in 15 at least given current trends. So you know if you could talk to those points and I had a couple of quick follow-ons. 
Mark Sutton: Yeah I think the outline on slide twenty four are the key drivers. I mean part of it is as I mentioned in internal execution. We still don't have a robust volume outlook in our plan, but I think we've got the opportunities in the points I made on that slide that gives us a good chance to grow that EBITDA in really internal initiatives and some of the execution issues that we have in front of us. And there is a long list of high-return capital projects that improve our quality and lower our costs that we’ve discovered in the number of businesses, most recently in our -- in North American Industrial Packaging business that we plan on working on. 
George Staphos: Okay, but other than that and general [indiscernible] we appreciate you might not want to get into the details at this juncture not willing to parse that any further on this call? 
Mark Sutton: I’d rather not, thank you. 
George Staphos: No, I understand, I understand. Secondly on pension, I think you mentioned that funding is now a $100 million for 15 and we understand why, obviously with the growth and the pension gap. At this juncture, Carol is it possible to talk about what the implications are going forward past 15? So simplistically, should we extrapolate a 100 million into the future or you know could there be some offsets that we should consider as we model out? 
Carol Roberts: George, actually the honest truth of it is, is you really don't know your total cash required contributions until June, because there's some more that has to be done. And so as we sit, it’s not really much of a change from where we were before. It’s in that range, and it all comes back to -- and very close to your funding target attainment number and you are right around 100%. If you go a little below that, you’ve to put a little bit more money in. If you are above it, you don’t. So it’s just that we're very close to that edge is why I qualify it with a 100. But there's no real change even with the growing gap in the liability. 
George Staphos: My last question and I’ll turn it over. I noticed, I think from the slide deck that you are projecting maintenance spending to be up, I think around $60 million in 15 versus 14. Can you comment to what the drivers are there and you know how important is that in terms of the overall execution, you know imperative if you will in 15 in terms of how you get that 5% EBITDA growth? Thanks and good luck in the quarter. 
Carol Roberts: Yes, George this is Carol. I’ll take that. Actually what’s happening in 2015 and it will happen again in 2016, is there is some significant outages for the [indiscernible] implementation that requires some extra work. And so if you look at I think the numbers that are in there is $444 million of outage expense in 14 increasing to about 500. The biggest driver of that increase is the very specific work that has to go on around some of the mills that's more extensive than we normally would be see. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub, Buckingham Research. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you, I had two questions. First I just wanted to know, are you continuing to see the strength in corrugated demand domestically as we go into January that you're seeing in the fourth quarter? And do you have any visibility as to how sustainable it is at that point? 
Mark Sutton: Hi, Mark. We're are seeing January starting off with a continuation of the trend we saw in November and December. So across a number of segments you know we're sort of in every segment given our scale, but we do see that continuing. I wish I could answer your second question, I would say we hope so. Some of it seems to be underpinned by the behavior of the American consumer and everything we read about with respect to the impact of lower fuel prices and you know consumer sentiment in general being better. But it’s you know a couple of months, maybe not a trend yet but we are cautiously optimistic. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you and then if I could try and just translate, if there is 5% growth in EBITDA, in terms of thinking about EPS is it fair for us to take this $3 and presumably, hopefully we don't have the Ilim FX issue, so we're really starting at $3.63. Then if we think about 5% is roughly 200 million, that's about another $0.30. I guess there's some movements in tax rate and interest expense and corporate, but is that kind of directionally the way to think about translating the EBITDA to an EPS number or are there other significant variables to be keeping in mind? 
Carol Roberts: No, Mark I think that's it. Of course you know we’ve the Ilim FX issue, so that's in both, now it’s in the 14, it will be something in 15. And you hit it, we gave some information on where we view the tax rate going and also the interest expense. So yes, you are directionally thinking about it correctly. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman, UBS. 
Gail Glazerman: You took another big charge in Asia this quarter and you took a big one in India, you know within the last year. I am just wondering, does that have any -- to what extent does that reflect on how you are viewing the business potential moving forward? And also how it may or may not impact your thinking in terms of further growth and investments in the region? 
Carol Roberts: Yes Gail, I’ll just comment on the charge. So I think it’s listed in our special charges. We did take the write-off of the goodwill that was associated with our Asian Box business, the converting business. And as you pointed out, we wrote off the goodwill associated with India in the prior year. And so relative to the comments about the business and the portfolio, I’ll turn that over to Mark. 
Mark Sutton: Thanks Carol. Good morning, Gail. Now the charges are really as Carol described. Our view on the businesses, in any of these kind of emerging markets is, it’s a long view. It’s a difficult time in Asia right now for a number of reasons, namely capacity issues. You know we're very small in India and we still see some potential there. So I think we do have a long view on these markets, but as we said before, and I said in my earlier comments we will continue to evaluate as time goes on almost on a continuous basis. The portfolio we're in and geographies and businesses, all against the backdrop of trying to do the things that create the most value long term. So you know we're going to continue to look at our emerging markets. Sometimes, you’ve to weather some storms, and I think that's what we're going through right now. 
Gail Glazerman: Okay, and in terms of the coated paperboard business, can you talk about where you think we are in that process of conversion away from foam? You know are we in the third inning, the eighth inning? And just taking kind of a broader global view, you kind of just referenced some of the challenges in Asia. But anything else as you look at the business globally that gives you any concerns? 
Mark Sutton: Gail, Mike Amick is here and he’s [indiscernible] our Consumer Packaging business and our Printing Papers business. And I’ll let Mike take a shot at your question and then see if we get everything you are looking for. Mike? 
Mike Amick: Good morning, Gail. It’s a good question. I like the analogy to the baseball. I am not sure exactly what inning, I would say we're probably early in the process. We continue to see you know very strong momentum in this space. We had a good year in foodservice and the overall demand associated with that business. But I would probably characterize it as you know, we're kind of early, you know early on in this game and probably in the first three innings. We expect to see continued improvement in this space as a result of kind of the sustainability story associated with our product line. 
Mark Sutton: I think Gail, on the global part of that question, you know we’ve seen a lot of customer acceptance of higher grade fiber-based packaging. So we make this new product at our Kwidzyn Mill. It’s been very well received. Now we are in segments of the Consumer Packaging market from a board manufacturing standpoint, not every segment. And the ones that we're in, you know we think still have some runway and still have a lot of interest by customers. 
Gail Glazerman: Okay and maybe that's like a little bit of a segway in my last question. Obviously earlier in [indiscernible] week we saw a big deal announced particularly perhaps in the Consumer Packaging space. Do you think it’s important for you or would you consider expanding beyond into other substrates? Is that something that you feel is holding you back at all in your business? 
Mark Sutton: Well it’s something -- it’s a great question. It’s something we evaluate constantly around whether or not a fuller line of products and really any of our business brings value to customers. And sometimes the best place to ask that question is in where the customer sits. And so it’s something Gail we always evaluate and you will probably see from time to time that we expand our offering. You know we did it in our corrugated packaging business. But I don't see that we're in a particular disadvantaged spot right now. But it’s definitely something we continue to look at as we should, as a value-creating opportunity for the company. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Philip Ng, Jefferies. 
Philip Ng: Can you talk a little bit about inventory levels in containerboard? You know November was pretty lean and demand trends from most of the public companies that I have reported suggested pretty strong flow-through on the demand side in the early part of year. So can you give us a little color on that trend? 
Mark Sutton: Philip, I would be happy to. You know demand in a quarter, expected inventory needs to service customers in the next quarter, and in the case of the first quarter you start getting the annual outages. And just how we ran and how we operate, all factor into where our inventories end up despite our best efforts on planning where we want them to be. And I think with all that said, I believe we're in good shape from an inventory standpoint. Going into 2015, our inventories went down in the quarter and we believe we’ve got the systems in place to operate in the first quarter without any interruptions because our inventory is too low.  The one dynamic that we are dealing with and I think a lot of people are dealing with is the transportation network continues to be a little less flexible than it has been in the past. So that influences where we might need to see inventory levels that might be different from what they were in the past. But I think we like where we are right now. 
Philip Ng: Okay and Mark, you kind of referenced you know part of that [indiscernible] on 5% EBITDA type growth for 15 is partly driven by some of the high-return projects that you have going forward. Can you talk about it, if it’s mostly cost takeout, is it more growth related, is it domestic, is it international? Can you give us some color on that front? 
Mark Sutton: I think it’s a bit of -- some of the projects definitely, some projects that we’ve already started in 14 that will benefit us in 15. And I think it’s a mix across domestic and the outside the US businesses. But given the scale of our business, obviously most of the driver is coming from some opportunities in our North American system. There is a little bit of volume or growth I would say in there. And it’s areas where we think we have the ability because of our customer portfolio to grow even in a flat-market environment. So, but the big driver is the first thing you mentioned, which is improving our cost structure and cost takeout. 
Philip Ng: Okay and just one final question for Carol. Can you give us some color on how you are thinking about free cash flow? I know you gave us some moving pieces on CapEx and D&A and pension contribution. But directionally, should we expect free cash flow to be roughly flat, up, down, some color on that front would be helpful? 
Carol Roberts: Yeah I think the -- [indiscernible] the EBITDA number out there. I think the areas you are going to see more cash used is in cash taxes. We had a number of one-off events that happened in 14 that helped lower the cash taxes that are non-repeatable. So I think we’ll see more there and then we talked about the CapEx going from 1.4 to 1.5. But again if you step back from it, it’s going to be another strong year of free cash flow for the company. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Al Kabili with Macquarie. 
Al Kabili: And I guess a question for Carol or maybe even Tim, if he is there. It’s just, you mentioned some operational issues in the Industrial Packaging side in a mill in Texas, I think in Indiana. And I was just wondering if you maybe can quantify or help us out with you know the extra costs related to that, that hopefully don't repeat there? 
Carol Roberts: Yeah this is Carol. Unfortunately Tim is home sick, so we got the flu running around here in Memphis. But, so I’ll take a shot at it and I’ll see if my colleagues can add to it? So if you think about Orange, Texas we had an outage in December. We found some issues that we chose to spend a little extra money on, and then we had a little difficulty coming up out of the outage which cost us a little production. So you’ve got that item and then you take our Indiana mill where we had our supplier, our steam supplier there had a catastrophic failure at their facility, which meant that we had to pay more for both electricity and steam. And that problem was with us most of the fourth quarter and is moderating and I am looking at my colleagues. I think the swing on all of this is about $10 million to $15 million should be a pickup that we get heading from the fourth to the first. 
Al Kabili: Okay, thank you Carol, I appreciate that. And also in the context of the 5% EBITDA growth that we're targeting for 15, how do you -- how has inflationary expectations embedded in that? Do you see yeah, low oil prices materially you know factoring in that and helping on the inflationary front? 
Carol Roberts: You know that's a great question. You know we take a look at a year like 14 that we would say felt like a moderately low inflation year and yet, you know we still saw a $141 million of headwinds, so it’s a big system and small moves can matter a lot. So the things that are helping us of course are energy, pull through into chemicals, diesel. Wood costs has been stubbornly high, but you know we’ve got our fingers crossed. Maybe we’ll see it turn there and you know OTC will depend on global economic conditions. The headwinds we have though are transportation costs are going up.  And so we’ve kind of have put some cakes, so it’s hard to say if it’s going to be you know like a 100 headwind or a 100 tailwind. It’s hard to predict how it will turn out. If the economic conditions stay strong, the likelihood of it being a little bit of a headwind is probably more likely and that would be a good problem. And so, we’ll just have to see, so that's a round answer Al, but that's about what it feels like right now. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde, Bank of Montreal. 
Mark Wilde: Mark, I wondered -- just kind of a broad question here. But I wondered if we could get your thoughts on the impact of FX across your portfolio as we move into 15? 
Mark Sutton: Yeah, that's a great question, Mark. And I think what I’ll do is I’ll ask Carol to kind of give you a high-level puts and takes across the company. 
Carol Roberts: Yeah Mark, you know if you look at the business and you know us well, the primary impact of FX is going to be less around the accounting conversion of profits from euro to dollars, all of that stuff. It's going to have the bigger impact, it’s going to be around really the economic implications of what it does to trade flows, cost competitiveness and where people sell their products, and what we can charge for our products in different regions. If you step back from it, clearly the biggest impact is the strengthening US dollar. For us, a stronger US dollar net-net will cost us, you know it will lower our earnings.  And I don't know that we've kind of given this number out before, but if you think about you know a 10% depreciation in the dollar, it could be a 15 millionish round number just from the accounting side of it. And that doesn’t speak to any of the economic implications of it. So we're hedged in a lot of places. You know we’ve weakening currency in Brazil and Russia, but we’ve a lot of dollars sales. But the biggest impact of course is you know we export a lot from a lot of places and it will be trade flows that has the biggest impact. 
Mark Wilde: Just another question on a couple of the foreign operations. I wondered if you're able to give us some timeline and improvement down at Orsa. And I also wonder over at Ilim whether it’s possible to give a sort of a longer-term EBITDA margin target of that business? 
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think on Orsa you know what I mentioned earlier is we made a lot of operational improvements as we went through the year and we expect to continue that. Where we've been challenged really is on the commercial side, and so I think we're going to take advantage of whatever the market gives us, but we expect a difficult commercial environment in the Box business in Brazil through 2015, at least with what we can see now.  But there are opportunities, continued opportunities to improve the operation of our recycle bills there and our box plans. And so I think when and I know it will happen, when the market improves we will be well positioned to take advantage of it. So I think you'll see internal improvements through 2015 and commercial improvements as the economy improves. 
Carol Roberts: Relative to Ilim, we still target and believe that under you know normal conditions, $600 million EBITDA is the target for the footprint and the platform we build out. And depending upon the margin on that, it’s probably in your upper 20s, 28ish percent approximately. 
Mark Wilde: Okay that's helpful. The last question I had, any updated thoughts on Courtland and whether there is any potential to repurpose any portion of that mill, maybe similar to what you did at Franklin a few years ago? 
Mark Sutton: Mark, you know as we always do look exhaustedly at different opportunities for that asset and there's nothing major that has come out of that work there or maybe a couple of small opportunities that are still alive. But I don't see anything right now in the scale of Franklin. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Ovshey, Goldman Sachs. 
Alex Ovshey: Mark, first on the EBITDA guidance improvement of 5%, I think you had mentioned that it doesn't reflect much of [indiscernible] improvement. Would you be able to clarify for us, you know what you are factoring in for your volumes in the North American Industrial business within your guidance for 15? 
Mark Sutton: I think what we've been looking at in terms of our plan and the backdrop against what I was talking about our earnings growth is about a 1% North American Box market growth rate. 
Alex Ovshey: Got it, and then on the cost side, you know a lot of talk about the inflationary pressure in freight. Can you just size the total cost for the company for securing rail and truck? And you know what is the inflationary percentage that you are sort of seeing on that cost base in 15 versus 14? 
Tom Kadien: You know we looked across our transportation spend really from rate increases, we're looking at about a $40 million year-over-year cost increase. And then we obviously go and look to -- that's about somewhere in the 3-5%, whether you are talking rail or truck. And we are looking at ways to you know optimize supply chain systems to chip away at that. So we usually typically don't experience the full impact of the rate increases we're able to compensate. But $40 million is probably the number that we would, that we plan for this year. 
Alex Ovshey: And just last one for me on Ilim. Can you say how much free cash flow the business generated in 14 and what the uses were? I know you guys picked up a $56 million dividend which is great to see. But I just wanted to know what the total free cash flow generation was. And then maybe in terms of 15, if we do you know put up $600 million EBITDA in that business, how much free cash flow does that equate to and how much of that could come back to the company? 
Carol Roberts: So let me give you a couple of numbers and I am going to let Jay kind of look for it. And so this is more of a pro forma than it is an actual number right now. But if you think about a business that's got $600 million of EBITDA, think about sustained CapEx is around $200 million. Okay and then you’ve got taxes and I think taxes in Russia is, the tax rate is 20ish percent. And then you’ve got to service your debt and so that's the question of how that will come over time and how much leverage do we want to keep on the business. So you can see that it’s going to be a very nice cash flow generator if you kind of do that math. And the interest that we had in 14 was like $70 million, so a lot of nice cash. And then the question is what do you want to do with that cash, dividends to the shareowners or further reinvestment in the business are the options. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Adam Josephson: A couple of questions on the containerboard export situation, Mark or Carol. One, you know exports are obviously up substantially in the December quarter despite the strengthening dollar and weakness in economies elsewhere. Do you have any thoughts as to why that happened and can you shed any light on how much of that export surge was attributable to your sending board to European box plants? 
Mark Sutton: You know Adam, I think the real driver of why the exports are up is most of what’s exported is Kraft Liner. And that's what we export and we saw actually improved demand for our Kraft Liner segment. So while at the macro level some of the markets were soft in some of the Kraft Liner segments tends to be in some of the fresh food and humidity-proof kind of segments. We saw improvement, and so we had more customer demand and a good percentage of that goes to our own box business in Europe. 
Adam Josephson: Okay and just get along similar lines, Mark. You know the trade press talked about the gap between domestic prices and export prices to Europe being unusually wide at the moment, about a $170 a ton. I mean do you think that gap is sustainable, or would you expect a convergence over time between the two for whatever reason? 
Mark Sutton: Well I think the gap between you know kind of a dollar pricing between domestic containerboard and export containerboard does have a normal control range based on -- a lot of it’s based on FX effects and how containerboard is sold in different parts of the world. So in Latin America for example it’s sold in dollars, no big change in Europe. Some of it’s sold in euros but I think our view is, you know we’ve been doing this for a long, long time before the euro even came into existence. We’ve sold containerboards successfully at $0.84 and we’ve sold it successfully at $1.45.  And we're in it for the long-term, so I think that gap will move around. But it seems like it’s in the normal band that you would see when currency moves around. And the bottom line is the customers that we have need Kraft Liner and we're going to supply it to them for those needs. And we will make more money in some periods of time, we’ll make less money in other periods of time, but it’s a strategic segment for us. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon, Vertical Research Partners. 
Chip Dillon: Yeah first question, I was just having trouble with my phone, is really more for Carol. And it’s interesting, I noticed the tax rate going up from 26 to 31 to 33% and I would suppose that increase has a lot to do with the mix of earnings, especially with the weaker currencies overseas. Is there anything going on that would make us think that that tax rate would continue to move up in future years, or do you think this is a fair place to be, or in fact could it be lower in future years you know if let’s say Brazil comes back? 
Carol Roberts: Yeah, I think the 26 was unusually low because we had the double year of two helpings of extenders and legislations. The 31 was more normal as you would expect. And then the 33 goes up, because as you stated you know we're going to have more US earnings. And with more US earnings the marginal rate on that is higher and so it’s just going to change the ratio. Well I think for us, 33 is probably a good number to plan again. And then of course we will you know work well within the bounds to you know manage our ETR and our taxes and do the things we can best to pay what we need to pay. 
Chip Dillon: Got you, and then a quick one on Ilim. I think before we were using $1.5 billion of net debt and now you are saying 1.3 and I might be wrong on that. Did you actually pay off some of the debt that had been accrued there during the project? 
Carol Roberts: No, that's around the dollars that we’ve got flowing in because of these great operations and margins we’ve got. So we’ve got dollars that are sitting in the bank. 
Chip Dillon: I got you, okay. And then on the leverage, I noticed that with the pension and the adjustment for the operating leases, it’s you know 3.3 times, which is a bit above your long run I guess target with the ratings agencies. Do you think that's going to necessarily cause you to slow down your share repurchases in 2015, you know all things being equal or not? 
Carol Roberts: You know, I don’t think so. I think to say once again, we’ve got a great reputation with the rating agencies. You know we’ve got really incredibly low discount rates, so rates go up. You know we’ll make that liability to mark it again at the end of 15, so we’ll be talking to the agencies about our situation. But I don’t think that it will cause a significant shift in our strategy or our capita allocation at this point. 
Chip Dillon: And then one last quick one. You know I think there was -- and I don’t know who interviewed -- if this was accurate. But I saw a quote somewhere this morning that, it seemed like Mark you had suggested that growing in the containerboard internationally is something that that is important to IP or certainly a potential avenue of growth. And I don’t know, if you could just talk a little bit about how you view the paperboard segment broadly defined in the US and containerboard not outside the US in terms of how those could be opportunities for IP to grow through acquisition? 
Mark Sutton: Sure, Chip. I think what you saw was, I think an interview and we were talking about opportunities to grow our packaging business. And the question was about North America and I said in North America, our primary opportunities are in our box business given where our position is in containerboard. And then I used an example of Orsa as a containerboard and box move in a market where we can do that. And obviously, as we said we're interested in generating shareholder return by doing what we do well and that may include growing our packaging business globally.  So that was the context of what I think you're referring to. And I think you know consumer packaging is definitely interesting for us, which I think is what you are talking about when you said paperboard. And industrial packaging of course is our driver for the company right now and those are businesses we believe, we have more opportunity and we will continue to evaluate those opportunities. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Manuel, Wells Fargo. 
Chris Manuel: I wanted to ask a question and I am going to try to be careful how I ask this. But you know if we look at and kind of dissect what you’ve laid out here thus far in the call, is I look at you know where you’ve outlined significant amounts of inflation or headwinds, both you know what you had in 14 and what's looking forward to 15. I think of areas you mentioned like wood inflation, wages, regulatory costs with [boiler mac], healthcare, utilities, transportation, etcetera. It strikes me that it’s been almost two years since we’ve had any sort of recovery for inflation or any components. As you know sit today, how do you feel about the potential environment? We’ve demand that's seemingly much better with opportunity to potentially you know recover some of these higher costs that you're seeing and have to work through the system? 
Mark Sutton: Chris, that was very carefully asked. But you know obviously we never speculate on what we might do on pricing to recover our cost. It’s obviously a fundamental in business that you need to think about those things. And, we're talking about what we might do in the future, what we’ve always talked about is the conditions that would need to be present for and that's much more complicated than just demand. 
Chris Manuel: Okay fair enough. Let me flip gears for a second to the coated paperboard business. It looks like you took almost as much downtime in 4Q as you’ve over the last couple of years. Can you talk a little bit about you know where you are set up today there? Do you feel that you’ve kind of got your -- you know are you for inventory levels or are you comfortable that you got what you need done there and you can operate more maybe in line with demand on a go-forward basis? 
Mike Amick: Hey Chris, this is Mike Amick, a good question. Yeah, we took some [LLO] in Q4. But you know, we typically see a seasonal downturn in Q4, and obviously we're working to match our supply to our customer demand. You know overall we feel good about our inventory levels. You can see what's happened with the industry inventory levels as well from the publication. So we feel pretty good about that. We’ve seen as we expect to see in the first quarter, a little bit of a pickup you know in demand over the course of the last couple of weeks. And so, we’ll continue to you know again to manage our supply to our demand, but you know we feel pretty good right now. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. 
Steve Chercover: I know it’s hard to call a bottom on a currency or a stock for that matter, but does it make sense to maybe hedge the ruble impact at some stage on the joint venture debt or is the natural hedge with your operation sufficient? 
Carol Roberts: It’s the natural hedge, Steve and you know the way we say it is we borrow dollars and they are still the same dollars. So there is the non-cash and so when you start hedging non-cash accounting things, you are incurring a cost without necessarily an economic benefit [indiscernible]. 
Steve Chercover: That's fine. I suppose your JV partners have never been happier to get US dollar dividends? 
Carol Roberts: Yeah. 
Steve Chercover: And then similarly I see that you know China, this has been touched on, but that's not listed as you know something that's going to be getting better in 2015, or at least not on page twenty four. I mean how long are you going to tolerate that, is it much of a distraction to management? 
Mark Sutton: That's a good question, Steve. You know we’ve got a good team in China. They manage the business. It’s not a distraction to management at all. And again, you know we wouldn’t speculate on what we would do in all of our businesses. We evaluate them for the near-term, midterm and long-term, and we look at China beyond what we just have in China. We view China as an important market for IP. Carol talked about you know a big portion of the rationale for Ilim is all about China. We import products from the US to China, that they need like fluff pulp and containerboard, and we’ve operations in China.  So when we think about China, we think about from the IP side, we think about all of those activities. And it’s an important market and we’ve tried to address it in different ways. So I think we will continue to look at that and all of those kinds of ways to serve that market and continue to evaluate it as we go forward. 
Steve Chercover: Thank you and then one other perhaps oddball question. We're well aware that Styrofoam cups are being phased out and it appears that you know all kinds of Styrofoam products are actually you know on the wane. So I'm wondering beyond Bleached Board, are there other substrates where you can win, you know perhaps even molded pulp for take-out containers? 
Mark Sutton: Well I think that's to my earlier answer to a similar question that, you know extending our products and know-how into new uses is something we look at constantly and to see if we can create value. And then going into adjacent spaces, where maybe we look at combining materials like fiber and something else to make a better product. Again most of those markets have valid competitors who are really good at what they do. So if we think about doing it we think about it because we believe we can have a competitive advantage and that maybe complementary offerings with what we already do would be a better solution for the customer. So yes it’s on the table, almost on a continuous basis. It’s part of our business planning and strategic inputs to our strategic plan that we do from our marketing teams. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays. 
Scott Gaffner: Mark, just looking at the EBITDA guidance for 2015, you are talking about 5% growth off of the $4.1 billion in 2014. And sort of just compound that in getting to you know $5 billion EBITDA for the company. You know you are talking about 4 to 5 years until you actually reach, if you maintain growth at that 5% rate, so you can get to 5 billion. Is there something in the next few years where you see the potential for acceleration in EBITDA growth within any other businesses that could shorten that timeframe? 
Mark Sutton: Well, that's obviously what we work on every day and we're not satisfied with our path toward our 5 billion. And we talked about this before and one of the biggest misses is we had a slightly better economic environment during that period. And we called it a mid-cycle target, mid-cycle demand, mid-cycle cost and we probably haven’t seen the demand side really. So a small amount of demand improvement really ratchets that performance up pretty quickly. And then you know we've got more opportunities and some internal improvements that we can pull forward. But we really probably need a little bit better economic set of conditions to accelerate it in a meaningful way lacking, you know changing the company in some way. But with what we’ve today is what we said we're focused on getting the 5 billion with the IP we’ve today. 
Scott Gaffner: Sure and a couple of questions on the corrugated business, specifically I mean you talked about for the FX impact on exports. It sounds like minimal impact to your export business or within the normal range. But when you look back historically FX and the impact potentially on imports, is there a dollar strength level where you actually start to see imports incentivized into the US potentially disrupting you know some of the supply-demand balance that we’ve today? 
Mark Sutton: Imports of containerboard have a lot more issues to manage than just the economic piece. So the US market, given the way it's constructed, who makes the boxes and those types of things makes importing containerboard a bit of a challenge. So I don't know if there's a number, I guess there’s always a number. But I don't think we see imports of containerboard in the US being a major, a major issue. 
Scott Gaffner: Okay and then just lastly around e-commerce and the impact on the box business in North America. Any sort of additional work you've done to sort of measure the impact of e-commerce, how that might have impacted the fourth quarter, where it is as a percentage of sales etcetera? 
Mark Sutton: Well I think as a market that segment is still pretty small as a segment of the US Box market. I think it’s 2 to 3% or something in that range, but it’s growing at an impressive rate. You know our business in that segment has been one of our high points and you know in the 15 to 20% growth range. And I think that's how much the segment is growing as well in addition to our numbers. But I believe that's going to continue, but again there’s so many boxes in the US used for other things. And it'll be a while before it’s maybe a major segment, but the growth rate is exciting. And corrugated gets to show its full value to the market in that kind of supply chain, and so we're excited to be participating in that segment. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Quinn, RBC Capital Markets. 
Paul Quinn: Two easy questions. One, whether you could comment on last week, there was a filing by four of your paper competitors on looking for antidumping duties, if you could comment on that? And just you referenced the fluff pulp mix improvement, just if you could give a couple of comments on your outlook for fluff as well as NBSK from Ilim going forward? 
Mark Sutton: Okay Paul, I’ll take the question on the antidumping case, and then I’ll ask Mike Amick to update you on our pulp business. He has the pulp business in our paper sector. On the antidumping case, you know obviously we're aware of it. Our set of kind of conditions are different than a lot of the other players. We’ve a global footprint in uncoated free sheet and you know we rely on the flexibility of that network. So our view on that is probably a little different than some of the other companies that are named in the complaint. But largely we make the printing papers around the world that we make for the local markets or the regional markets and import virtually nothing to the US. So that's not made in the US from our own operations. 
Mike Amick: Hey Paul, this is Mike Amick. On your second question on fluff pulp, obviously you saw from the slide that you know the pulp business had a nice year-over-year improvement. And we feel pretty good about the pulp business, the mix has been a large part of that lever as we’ve taken you know our mix up to, close to three quarters of our pulp. And we will continue to you know to drive that improvement lever and feel you know pretty good about 2015. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Debbie Jones with Deutsche Bank. 
Debbie Jones: If I could go back to your Brazil business, you know you are pointing to stable pricing and cost in Q1. I was just curious if there is a concern you know however that electricity prices could impact your paper and packaging business down there in the region for 2015? 
Mark Sutton: Yes definitely, Debbie it’s definitely something we're watching. The electricity prices are very dependant on rainfall and water reservoir levels and we dealt with those issues throughout 2014. It’s not completely behind us by any stretch of the imagination, so you know it’s a potential. We don’t plan for everything that could go wrong going wrong, but we are watching it, and putting contingency plans in for that exact potential. 
Debbie Jones: Okay and then there has been a discussion on the call about you know further expansion into you know packaging outside the US and I am just wondering if Brazil, you did mention this before. If there are any opportunities down there for you that you would see that might be attractive? 
Mark Sutton: You know we like what we’ve started in Brazil. It’s not performing to our expectations, but we think we know how to fix it. And I think if we can show that we can do that, we would like to look at opportunities. Brazil is an interesting packaging market. There is opportunities to do organic moves and there is opportunities to potentially make small acquisitions. There are no large, large players or anything like that. So you’ve to build the business in a different way, but it is something we’ve interest in and you know we’ll only do it if we think we can create value doing it. 
Operator: Your last question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. 
Anthony Pettinari: Just a couple of quick questions on domestic box markets. You know we saw some consolidation by independent coordinators last year and early this year and some capacity coming online. I guess my first question is, are you seeing increased competitive pressure in any of the regional box markets where you compete? And then a related question, you know given price declines in OCC, you know are customers coming to you in any meaningful way and saying that they want you know more test liner and less kraft liner or are you seeing any kind of mix shift there? 
Mark Sutton: Anthony, I think on the first part of your question. You know we’ve seen kind of a normal level of competitive activity regionally as you mentioned based on some new capacity being absorbed. I don’t think anything has really changed in the third quarter or fourth quarter. We just kind of navigated through that process. It’s obviously pushed some product probably to the export markets from the US, but we see that is kind of stable and no real change as the year went on. And again a little bit of growth probably helped in the fourth quarter and would definitely help get that capacity to market in the 2015 period.  And there's no discussions about you know normal input costs like OCC that would drive our customers to test liner. Our customers really talk to us about you know working collaboratively on what the best solution is. And sometimes I wouldn’t call it test liner in the US as much as I would call it a recycled blend of paper. But the performance specs are really what matter, and that's what the customers are interested in. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay that's very helpful and then may be just one follow-up. I mean OCC prices have been weak for maybe a little bit longer than some of us had expected. And as you think about your 2015 you know kind of internal projections, do you expect OCC to stay at these levels for the year or do you expect some kind of recovery in OCC? 
Mark Sutton: Well Anthony, that is obviously an important question. Every time we try to answer it, we're like everyone else, we're wrong. So we really don't know, we will monitor it. I think Carol mentioned earlier OCC is going to be a function of global economic conditions based on where the primary OCC containerboard is made. So Asia getting better would probably firm up OCC and other markets like that. So I think you know we're going to watch it and be prepared for you know whatever happens. But we really have no way of knowing generation is part of the impact. Collection rates have improved throughout the world, so we will probably be looking at -- and I must say this. And I’ll be wrong, a stable OCC in 2015. 
Operator: And I will now turn the call back to Jay. 
Jay Royalty: Yeah so we took a few extra questions this morning, so we'll go ahead and wrap it up. Well thank everybody for joining us and being on the call and as always Michele and I are available after the presentation. Our phone numbers on page twenty six, so have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you, this concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President, Investor Relations Mark Sutton - Chief Executive Officer Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President and CFO Tim Nicholls - Senior Vice President, Industrial Packaging Tom Kadien - Senior Vice President, Consumer Packaging and IP Asia
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities Gail Glazerman - UBS Philip Ng - Jefferies Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Al Kabili - Macquarie Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Rachel. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning will be Mark Sutton, Chief Executive Officer; along with Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, slide four provides context around the Ilim joint ventures, financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark Sutton.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody. We appreciate you joining our call today. Regarding the format for today’s call, it will be similar to what we've done recently. Carol and I will review our third quarter 2014 results and the performances of our individual businesses. We will then take a look at the fourth quarter outlook and open it up for your questions. I am on slide five now, International Paper delivered a record quarter both EBITDA and free cash flow in the third quarter. We had strong performance from many of our businesses, as our team continues to execute very well. We announced the dividend increase of 14% from a $1.40 to $1.60 per share, which is our third consecutive fourth quarter double-digit increase. We continue to opportunistically buyback shares and have purchased more than 1.4 billion worth of shares since last September and through yesterday as of this call. Additionally, we received the dividend of $56 million from Ilim during the quarter and the JV continues to ramp up post the major capital projects and had another good quarter of solid performance. Due to the devaluation of the Russian ruble, the JV took large non-cash charge against its U.S. denominated debt. Moving to the financials on slide six, I’d note that beginning this quarter, xpedx is reflected as a discontinued operation in all periods presented. And as you can see, International Paper delivered strong financial results across the Board. As mentioned earlier, both EBITDA and free cash flow are at record levels as was EBIT. Our EBITDA margins approached 20% for the entire company for the quarter. I’ll now turn it over to Carol Roberts and ask her to discuss the details on the quarter, as well as results of respected businesses. Carol?
Carol Roberts: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide seven, the sequential EPS bridge, IP earned $0.95 per share in the third quarter versus $0.93 per share in the second quarter. This was a strong performance for the company, particularly given the significant EPS impact of $0.25 per share sequentially from the FX on the Ilim debt that you see on the right hand side of the slide. So talking about the business fundamentals, pricing was relatively stable across the businesses, as was volume. Operational performance remained strong and contributed favorably to the results. Maintenance outages were substantially lower as we expected. Input costs moderated very slightly, but in our view remained at relatively high levels and if you’ll take a look at slide 42 in the appendix, you will see that input costs are actually $26 million higher than the same period last year and this is mostly driven by wood costs. Tax and interest expenses came in slightly lower than the second quarter, so a sequential pickup. And as Mark mentioned earlier, all results have been revised to account for xpedx moving to discontinued operations. Now turning to the individual businesses, Industrial Packaging delivered a really outstanding quarter, record earnings driven by stable prices, solid operations and lower outage expenses. The modest softness we experienced in pricing was attributable to lower export pricing, contributed also due to the strengthening U.S. dollar. Our lower volume quarter-over-quarter was driven by reduced U.S. exports. They were down 44,000 ton and lower shipments in our European Packaging business, which is really due to seasonal factors. Operations were strong as our teams continued to run well and as expected we had fewer outages. Relative input costs the benefit of lower OCC was offset by higher wood costs in the quarter. Turning to the North American Industrial Packaging margin comparison, we turned in another really strong quarter and continued to outperform our primary competitors both for the quarter and the trailing 12-month period. Slide 10 is a slide that we used on last quarter that we introduced to take a deeper dive relative to demand and volume for the U.S. Corrugated business. And if I draw your attention to the map, you can see that for about 80% of our business, which is east of the Rockies, we actually outperformed the industry with a little over 2% year-over-year growth. This performance relates to the strong positions and superior value propositions we have with customers who are winning in their respective segments. West of the Rockies, which represents about 19% of our business we trail industry for the quarter and this is primarily due to weakness associated with the agricultural business affected by drought and other weather-related circumstances and for International Paper this is a segment where we have a significant position. Turning now to Consumer Packaging, we talked about a strong second half story and I would say that we clearly executed in that regard in the third quarter. On pricing we saw an increase in North America that was more than offset by what's going on in Asia and Europe, and let me speak to both of those for a moment. In Europe due to weaker demand in our home markets, we are exporting more and this business comes at more competitive prices and margins, which negatively impacts our mix. In Asia, due to the excess capacity of the industry, our margins have also declined. So that’s the pricing and mix story. On the volume side, we saw a nice increase in volume in North America coming out of the heavy outage quarter and our Foodservice business had another record quarter with revenue up 15% year-over-year. Europe also saw improvement as we had a full production quarter at our Kwidzyn, Poland mill following the extended outage we took to do some very nice work on our paperboard machine there. And finally, as you can operations were much stronger throughout a steady third quarter and also in the absence of the heavy outages. So turning to slide 12, looking at our relative EBITDA margins in North America. You can see the significant improvement coming out of the second quarter and the first half of the year, and we do expect to carry this momentum through the fourth quarter and as we exit 2014. Slide 13, turning to our Global Printing Papers business, we experienced solid improvement in earning this business as well. Prices were stable in North America and up in pulp, particularly fluff. In Europe we did experience some declines in our paper pricing. Volume was stronger particularly in North America, as we took advantage of all our channels to market, including export. And in Brazil we saw some improvement in volume. Although, we would say, that the fundamentals in Brazil do remain challenging. On the operational front, overall performance was solid. The Courtland closure and transition is complete. Although, there will be some minimal costs that will continue for facility maintenance and security. And we also saw an FX benefit due to our export positions in Brazil and Europe. Looking at the North American margin comparison for the Papers business, the Portland shutdown has been concluded and we had a solid quarter. And if you consider the impact of the shutdown and transition costs, this negatively impacted on margins over the last 12 months by roughly 200 basis points. Slide 15, I think this is a great slide that tell us a really good story relative to the state of the global paper business. This chart reflects the year-over-year earnings change by region for the third quarter and in North America, you can see even with Courtland out this year versus last year, earnings actually increased by $13 million. In our pulp business, due to the continued performance in ramp-up of the Franklin operation along with improved pricing, earnings increased by $17 million. And in Brazil, despite weakening -- weakened economic conditions, earnings are up $13 million year-over-year. In Europe, where I mentioned our demand is down in our home market, we have had to expand our export reach to compensate. And there you can see earnings are flat to slightly down. In India, due to improvement on a number of fronts where we’ve executed well, earnings have also increased by $7 million. So all-in-all the business continues to move forward and produce improved results despite what we all would consider a challenging global environment. Turning to Ilim on slide 16. The joint venture had another solid quarter of performance, turning in $100 million of operational EBITDA on slightly lower quarterly sales of $520 million due to the significant outage at Bratsk mill that was successfully executed and taken early in the quarter. The board of the JV elected to pay dividend during the quarter of which our share was up 56 million, which that was a good thing. But due to the 17% evaluation of the ruble against the U.S. dollar during the quarter, Ilim took a non-cash charge of $210 million on it U.S. denominated debt. Now, just a reminder, on the flip side of the unfavorable non-cash FX impact on the JV’s debt, earnings are favorably impacted by a ruble devaluation as -- I can give you a couple of numbers here, as 95% of our cost are on ruble but the vast majority of our exported products, which account for over half of the JV sales are sold in U.S. dollars. So net-net all-in, the situation in Russia for us remains favorable. Speaking of the favorable conditions, I wanted to take a minute to highlight a significant progress that we're making at the Ilim JV particularly with regard to the productivity ramp up at the Bratsk mill. As you can see on the chart on the right hand side of the page, Bratsk came into the year at a run rate of a little over 60% of full production for the mill. The team has been making steady progress throughout the year with an achievement of nearly 90% in the third quarter, following the major outage that I said was very successfully taken early in the quarter. And the team expects to exit the year at full production, averaging mid 90% levels for the fourth quarter. So this is on track with the JVs target for the new pulp line to be fully ramped up by year end. So let me turn now to the outlook for the fourth quarter. Volume will be lower predominantly due to seasonality, which is simply three less shipping days in the North American box business, which for us translates to roughly 120,000 fewer ton. This will be slightly offset by seasonally stronger conditions in Brazil. Moving to pricing and mix. We do expect pricing and mix to be lower in our North American paper business, really due to some seasonal weakness. And we also expect lower average export pricing for our containerboard for industrial packaging business. And I will also attribute this due to the normal seasonal weakness that we see this time of the year combined with the continuing strengthening of the U.S. dollar. And finally we do expect to see lower pricing and less favorable regional mix in Europe and Russia. We expect operations to continue to perform well in the fourth quarter. We don't expect overall input cost to moderate to any degree in aggregate with anticipated higher wood cost likely offsetting any benefits from lower OCC and energy costs. Maintenance outages are forecasted to increase by about $60 million sequentially. We expect to see a positive swing from a significant FX charge at the Ilim JV. However, as you all know looking at the ruble today, some of that could be offset by further devaluation that we’ve seen to date. But as our practice has been, we don’t attempt to forecast where the ruble will be at the end of the quarter. And finally, we assume the tax rate to normalize in -- in line with our full-year outlook and for corporate expenses to come in around $15 million for the fourth quarter given the year-end true up. So with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Sutton: Thanks Carol. So let me just summarize our remarks and wrap it up. IP had a very strong quarter setting records on a number of fronts as we continue to run our businesses very well. While we expect this strong execution to continue, our outlook for the fourth quarter is impacted by fewer shipping days in North American box and $60 million in higher planned maintenance outage expenses. We are leveraging our well-positioned businesses particularly in the absence of any tailwinds in most markets. Our teams around the globe are executing very well and are continuing to find ways to drive improved results and create value. Our free cash flow generation continues to be strong and sustainable which is enabling IP to deliver on its capital allocation strategy. We have delivered three consecutive annual double-digit increases in the dividends and today we are within $100 million of completing the original $1.5 billion share buyback program, that was authorized back in September 2013. We continue to look for value creating opportunities for reinvestment, for example, the recently announced restart project of our number three paper machine at Valliant for our containerboard business, the expansion of our Canton, Ohio foodservice facility and the coated paperboard enhancement project, we completed and are in current ramp up at our Kwidzyn mill in Poland. IP’s financial state is very solid. We remain focused on the execution of the plans we’ve outlined and going forward, we expect to make continued progress toward our key goals. Before we open it up for questions, I'd like to give you a brief update on where we are with the master limited partnership opportunity. As we said at the UBS conference in September, we moved to a more intensive evaluation phase. We’ve retained a team of external advisors and are actively working with them at this time. As part of the process of our discovery, we’re also talking to several companies in other industries. We have formed and are operating an MLP in an effort to better understand the process and their experiences. There is a lot of work going on to better understand what an MLP structure might look like specifically for International Paper and whether we would benefit from such a structure and whether we can create value for our shareholders. I can tell you we’re encouraged by what we’re learning through this process. And as part of our continuing evaluation, it is our intention to file a request with the IRS for the private letter ruling and we’re working with our advisors to get ready to do so. And with that, we'll be happy to open it up for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Thank you. I hope this is a fair question for quarterly earnings call but Mark, since you've taken over, as IP's CEO and I just wanted to throw this question at you. What do you think are the key levers you can pull to take IP to the next level or put it different way? What are the biggest opportunities that you're looking to act on in the next couple of years?
Mark Sutton: I guess, it’s a fair question, Mark. It’s an obvious one as well. I think we've got a strategy that we’ve embarked upon and we shared with the investment community, we shared with our employees. And we still got more runway on our current strategy and so executing very well against our current plans, which is essentially advantaged positions in paper and packaging globally, creating value for our shareholders. That’s still the important near-term task. And obviously without being able to predict the future as we go out beyond two years, we’ll have to continue to evaluate where we can create value. And I’m sure, can’t tell you what it will be, but I’m sure International Paper will evolve and will be different in five years than it is today. But the bottom line is we're committed to a strategy of balance used for the cash. We think we can continue to generate healthy cash flow and we’re going to look for ways in a balanced fashion to create value for the long-term.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And just as quick follow-up and how important is M&A to the strategy and how -- and do you feel that you're somewhat constrained given the various market positions that you already have?
Mark Sutton: I think in general, M&A is obviously a tool in your strategy toolbox. I wouldn’t comment on where we might be constrained or not. But I think IP is not a mergers and acquisition story to create value going forward. As you mentioned, we have strong positions in certain markets but there are opportunities for us to improve what we have. And I think M&A will come out where it comes out based on the opportunities we see in front of us. But all against the backdrop of creating value for the long-term.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Again, congratulations everyone in their new endeavors. I guess the first question I had on MLPs, Mark, could you comment at all, or Carol, if you could comment on you're more encouraged by what you have found recognizing you still have more work to do. Relative to when you first examined the structure or thought about it to the current time, what has been the biggest source or biggest couple of sources of incremental encouragement or view on how it could create value?
Mark Sutton: George, I will just a make general comment and I will ask Carol to elaborate. I think what we talked about at the UBS Conference, I’ll refer to as learning how this specifically would work in, for example our containerboard business and whether or not, our core principles have been able to run the business effectively, can be maintained is what we're learning and most encouraged about. And as you remember, IP had a master limited partnership in our timberlands business years ago. We weren’t worried about the complexity. We were worried about whether or not the specific applications of this structure in this type of business and the way we need to run the business could work. I think we're learning more about that that a lot of those issues are manageable and Carol, if you would…?
Carol Roberts: Yeah. And I will do it from the other side. The other part we’ve learned is why would IP specifically be attractive to investors in an MLP, and what would they be looking for and what is it that we offer that would be attractive to that investor base and what would that be worth to them, because that’s what ultimately translates back to the value of International Paper. So just learning about the value drivers of MLPs. That’s been -- that we’ve learned a lot and we see some encouraging things from there.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I could tag on, and again maybe this is preliminary and thus you can't really get to it. Would it be feasible in your view, given your work to date, for other portions of IP to be suitably dropped into the MLP, or have you not gotten to that point yet in terms of your valuation?
Mark Sutton: George, that’s the type detail that we aren’t really prepared to go into. But I can tell you that we’ve got a holistic approach to this and that’s how we are going to continue with it. But specifics about the structure and all that, it’s not the right time right now.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. My last question. I'll turn it over to the rest of the analysts. A couple years ago, you talked about the $5 billion EBITDA goal, the Drive for Five, so to speak. Is it possible to comment in terms of how you gauge your prospects for reaching that given the current structure of IP and the current trends that you have both going for you and against you? Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mark Sutton: Okay. George. That’s a great question. I mean, we are committed, we laid it out there back in 2012 that we were shooting for a milepost of $5 billion in EBITDA and we are not ready to give up on that. It’s harder to get to and we are getting there in a different way and I think the biggest gap we have is what we describe as mid-cycle conditions or mid-cycle cost and demand environment. I’m not sure we’ve seen that yet. But obviously, as I step into my role, we are rejuvenating our efforts to find additional ways with what we have today to try to get as close to that and look at reaching that target. So that’s our approach. We made a commitment and we are focused on trying to find the way to get there. We knew it would be different than we laid out. We just didn’t know what the actual path would look like. So, aspirational, a little bit but we think we have the company today that with the right conditions, we can achieve that level of performance.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities: Thank you. So we're starting to see more capacity announcements in India from local players mostly and you said you're looking more. Have you come to the conclusion that India's a big opportunity? I think in the past, IP has described it as sort of its investment as a learning experience
Mark Sutton: Mark, I will make a general comment about how I kind of personally view India, then I will ask maybe, Tom Kadien to elaborate given his been running and will continue to be responsible. I think you are right. We said India has maybe the potential for the future and we want to start to learn how to do business there. I think we’ve learned some things in the last three years. I wouldn’t say our view has changed dramatically like -- that we see something that we didn’t see two or three years ago. But we do see the potential. We see the potential in the packaging area. And so we’ll be very measured and very careful with what we do in India. But it is still a market that is intriguing and again it’s for the future, not for tomorrow. And Tom and if you would maybe add a few comments.
Tom Kadien: Yeah. Mark, not a lot more to add to that. But it’s three years for us in the paper business over there. We made a lot of strides that have been covered up by wood cost and slowing economy. But I would say we are as optimistic about the fundamental opportunity in India as we were -- when we bought our way into APPM. And I think the capacity announcements that you're talking about are really on the containerboard side. We think that’s also an opportunity for the future, but we’ve got to earn our strides in the paper business first.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities: Okay. That's helpful. And second, in the second quarter, John Faraci said that his target was to buy back your stock below intrinsic value. I'm wondering whether you apply that same basic metric to acquisitions with maybe intrinsic value plus expected synergies. I was wondering if Carol could remind us how you do think about acquisition value.
Carol Roberts: Yeah. Mark, clearly our goal on acquisition is to create value which comes quite simply to we use our methodology’s discounted cash flow model, trying to look at all of the cash in for what we can get out of the base business plus synergies. And we want a nice spread between our -- what we view our cost of capital against what the return on that project could be and that’s all around the assumptions you make. And you can make those numbers tell you lots of things. So what we tried to do really hard is we look at cost of capital by region. We don't use one number for the company and we pressure test the assumptions real hard. And quite honestly to make our IP more valuable, we need a nice spread between our cost of capital and the potential return out of those projects. And we have a very robust review process here where we debate it, when we talk about it. And John always encourages us to have multiple of view and I think we’ll continue on path. So, I think you would find us to do the work much like you would expect.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Good morning. Could we just start, maybe a little bit on the demand environment, kind of puts and takes, gas prices are down. Are you seeing that flow through to some of your business that might be tied closer to the consumer? Just generally speaking, maybe touch on what you're seeing in Brazil and China as well in paper versus board?
Mark Sutton: So, I think maybe the best way to do that is to have maybe Tim Nicholls talk a little bit as he enters into the Industrial Packaging role, which is obviously the best bellwether we have for general demand environment in economy then we will kind of touch on the other parts?
Tim Nicholls: Sure. Thanks Mark. Good morning, everyone. I think demand’s been pretty stable. We saw our box demand in the quarter just slightly behind where the overall market was, and Carol pointed out the factors between east and west. If you look at the east, we performed fairly well both in absolute and on a relative basis. So I think demand fills okay here in the U.S. It’s actually been pretty good. Export markets; we did see some seasonal weakness, but I think beyond a seasonal, I think it’s just more of new capacity pushing out some suppliers from North America and other parts of the world. And we bump up in a lot of parts of the world because of the size of the system we are. So we probably got hit by that just a little bit more than maybe others. If you look at Brazil, Brazil on the paper and on the box side has struggled give them the economic environment. They are technically in recession first two quarters of this year. And it’s been exacerbated on the packaging side of Brazil just because of how some of our biggest customers have been impacted in their markets. They have lost share to local suppliers, which is filtered through the supply chain to us. We will see what happens now. I kind of felt like Brazil had taken a bit of a pause. It was hurt by the World Cup and then it went into a pause waiting on the outcome of the election. The election is behind now. We will see what impact that has on the balance of the year. Fourth quarter tends to be a seasonally stronger quarter both for paper and packaging. In the paper markets there, the domestic markets have been weak. The export markets around Latin America have been a little more robust, but not the kind of strength that we’ve seen in prior years. But still from how we performed, we are better than market on domestic paper in Brazil and we are kind of flattish on export volume to Latin America.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I will wrap up the demand comments with China and our demand probably reflects the Chinese economy. It’s slowed down. We still have pockets of positive demand growth, but it doesn’t mirror a 7% plus GDP number that gets published mainly because our demand is really dependent on one component of that GDP and that’s the consumer and/or exports and both of those or it’s sluggish in China right now. So we don’t see it getting a lot worse right now, it’s just not the level of demand growth that we’re accustomed to.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And then just on the MLP, I guess you said one of the considerations that you learnt about is the value drivers and what investors would be looking for. Can you give a little bit of insights, certainly one thing investors look for typically is yields driven? And just how you are thinking about the more normalized interest environment might impact the success of an MLP?
Carol Roberts: Sure, Gail. Yes, so it’s MLP 101, so I will be brief, but it’s about the yield, but it’s about the growth rate and it’s about the longevity. And when you think about International Paper with the size and scale of the system we have, we’ve got a lot of EBITDA, lot of cash flow, and so you’ve got growth and you’ve got longevity. And then if you look at the value to the International Paper shareholder, the value comes from your general partner stake and your incentive distribution right stake. So you’ve got some drivers that could be valuable to International Paper. So then it comes back to what Mark said, okay given those things, if you believe those are real and you’ve got enough experience to see actual examples of that, what would it take to run it in the business we’re in and with the company we have and the structure we have to not violate our true north goals of how we know we want to run the business. So that’s kind of where our learnings have taken. I hope that helps.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Philip NG.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: One of your competitors just reported and he sounded a little more upbeat on demand for October based on Tim’s tone it sounds like more the same. So I just want to get some color on that front.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. We are looking at our October. We came out about where we thought we’re going to and kind of in line with what we saw in September. So I would say that it’s fairly consistent, not a big direction one way or the other.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: That’s helpful. And then on the MLP front, as you guys elect to move forward. Carol, can you provide some color how are you thinking about using the cash proceeds? And you commented on why you would move forward be creating value for shareholders. So can you help us understand strategically what’s the game plan on an MLP if you guys do move forward?
Carol Roberts: Yeah, Philip, that’s a great question. And I am not sure this is the right forum to answer it, but clearly one of the things that happens if you went down that path is you would be getting a big influx of cash to International Paper. Now what we do with that cash and where we take that, I mean that’s the question that we continue to think about herein with Mark and the team. So I am not prepared to answer that question, but the multiple arbitrage is really the key thing that enables the flow of that cash in.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just switching gear to Ilim, you saw some price slippage in the quarter. Is that starting to stabilize and how should we be thinking about the cadence of the EBIT progression of that business, especially considering the ramp up for production is going to be pretty close to full production year end?
Carol Roberts: Phil, this is Carol. And I think on the appendix slide where we had Ilim in there and I am going to go to it pretty quickly if I can. I think what you see there is you see some whole price down quarter-over-quarter. There is a lot of mix in that for Ilim.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Okay.
Carol Roberts: It’s got hardwood in it. It’s got different grades of the softwood, different quality grades. So I would not react to that too strongly. I think the markets are pretty strong and pretty stable. And we feel pretty good about the outlook for softwood pulp.
Philip Ng - Jefferies: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chip Dillon.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Thank you very much. First question is on your view toward what maybe CapEx looks like in 2015. I know you probably haven’t finished your budgeting, but at least maybe directionally as you look at some of the projects or the pipeline how could that look versus this year?
Carol Roberts: Well, Chip, I would say that it is a little early to predict that. When we do the fourth quarter results and we talk about those in late January, we will give some color on that. But I would say that generally speaking, we have a pipeline of really good ideas that we need to think about how do we want to fund those ideas that are some really some good value creating opportunities. And when the time comes, we will speak to those.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And at least versus expectations and modeling, we need to give the white paper business a little bit of credit this quarter. It looked very good. And I had a question on that segment. One concern a lot of investors have had has been the impact of imports that seem to have stopped some of the pricing momentum this year. And some of the import increases of course have come from Brazil and we were just kind of wondering, it would make a lot of sense that you guys might have sent a lot of paper up from you operations down there with the Courtland closure. And maybe with the benefit of hindsight not all of those tons were necessarily needed or customers have made other arrangements. Do you see the import situation changing at all, especially given the freight costs and the distances involved from other countries?
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Chip, it’s Tim. Let me just tackle imports in general first and I will come back to Brazil. Imports in general, if you go back and you look at 2013 data kind of quarter by quarter or month by month, imports had started coming in the first half of last year. And as we were making decisions about our system and our footprint here, we were taking to account what imports we are doing and what customers were telling us their intentions were about additional imports. Now having said that, you referenced freight costs and they are definitely up and that has a big impact on the viability of imports, especially if they go up and they stay there for a long period of time as does currency. But the other piece of it is just supply chain, its not uncommon to be managing the supply chain that might be four or five months long, given imports and where they have to come from and the planning that goes into it versus 30 days or 40 days from domestic supplier like ourselves. With regards to Brazil, we do not import paper into the U.S. -- for distribution in the U.S. from Brazil. We do send paper here to traders that take it back out and distribute it for us in the Latin American region. And reason we do that is because of customer mix in some cases and because of quantities that are ordered. So it’s just more efficient for us to ship into Miami and have it redistribute it back out into the regions, because our partner manages a very efficient supply chain and it is for us to try to do all of that ourselves. We have some direct shipments into South American region but we also go through distribution as well.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. That’s helpful. And one last quick one, I think, Mark, you mentioned that you had done all the first original authorization in terms of the buyback, except for $100 million and just a clarification, was that as of September 30th or as of for example today?
Mark Sutton: Chip, if I could before that question is answered. Just on the imports into Miami, you should keep in mind that there are other imports that come into that part of the U.S. for redistribution as well. So everything that comes into, say the Port of Miami or on the West Coast into some of the southern ports, it doesn’t all stay here necessarily.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And I guess, those would both be shown in the AF and PA data as imports and exports?
Mark Sutton: Not always. No. That’s the problem.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay.
Mark Sutton: … because of the way reporting is done.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: I see.
Tom Kadien: On your question about the share buyback, the $1.4 billion actual against the $1.5 billion authorizations through today.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Chercover.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thank you. Good morning. First question, the margins in North Americans container board are really terrific and you’ve said, you intend to maintain that? As one, A, how much run rate do you have on that optimization plan, and B, is it possible that it get too good because folks lower margins can still earn their cost of capital?
Tim Nicholls: Hi. Steve, it is Tim. Too good, I think, it depends on how, where the improvement comes from, so we said, earlier this year that optimization was going to take us a couple of maybe two to three years. If it’s internal improvement than I think, it’s probably more sustainable than if it comes from other places. Having said that, you look at -- just take a broader chunk of time because third quarter was wide on outages. You can still see margin and expansion, and I think, that’s coming from how we run the box system, how we’re managing supply chain. What’s not coming through, just yet, but I think, its coming over the near-term is the mill system. We were better in the mills and we did perform well in the quarter, but some of the mills were acquired. We know have reliability issues and those reliability issues cost us and we’re underway correcting those. But it also has an impact on supply chain too, because when you can’t produce product in he mill of choice based on geography, it causes you to sub-optimize the system. So I say it playing out just as we characterized it in the past over the next couple of years.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And switching gears, I imagine you got to be rather frustrated with what’s going on in Asia or China specifically, I mean, year in year out there is really no contributions. So I’m wondering how long you tolerate that or is there a means by which you could maybe extract your capital?
Mark Sutton:  So, Steve, you’re right. It’s frustrating to, especially for our team on the ground there to deal with difficult market conditions, but we’re in these businesses for the long-term, and if and when we would make a decision that we don’t think, we can get to a position that we like, then we’d be prepare to talk about strategic changes. But I think this is a time where as leaders of the company, you have to have perseverance, you have to take the long view and we have a company that’s not everything is going to be hitting on all cylinders that the exact same time. So, I think, we will continue to evaluate our businesses around the globe and in North America, and that’s just part of our role to make sure that we continue to stay flexible and nimble and position the company for the future. And the Asian markets are in a little bit of a downturn right now, but there’s a lot of future potential in those market for paper and forest products companies and a lot of other industries. So we have a modest position there by all measures and we will continue to evaluate.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And just forgive me. It’s terrific that you’ve executed as you have on the repo? Did you reop that, I think you did.
Carol Roberts: Yeah. Steve, we did. We -- the Board authorized an additional $1.5 billion in July.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: I thought so. Thanks for assisting my senior moment. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Ovshey.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Wanted to come back to MLP point, obviously, the IRS and the moratorium but once that’s lifted, if hypothetically you were to get a favorable ruling on the PLR? I mean, do you think you’ve done enough work around what the structure would look like operationally, where you can say that you're comfortable that if you could get a favorable PLR from the IRS, you would move towards MLP structure for the containerboard business?
Mark Sutton: Alex, I think it’s probably premature to get into that. I mean, as I said in the beginning and Carol elaborated on. We’re still working through it. So, I think at the appropriate time in the process, we would be able to talk more about that.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: That’s fair, Mark. And then would you be able to tell us, what’s your box shipments were in October. And just a follow-on to that question, if I look at last year, there was a meaningful step-up in the downtime for the North American industrial business in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Can you give us a sense of how we should be thinking about that number this year?
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Alex, this is Tim. Our October shipments, we are still wrapping up the months. So if we just look at daily cut-off and how we performed in our box plans, I think it feels a lot like September and we finished on a little bit stronger in September than the rest of the quarter. In terms of outage, we don't forecast going forward. We have to look and see what our demand signal looks like and then we plan accordingly.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs: Appreciate the color, Tim. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Good morning. I had a question on input costs. You took a hit from higher wood costs, but OCC prices have been really weak and understanding that you're not giving guidance. As you look forward, do you think that we could be -- do you expect the OCC to pick up, or could we be looking at another 6 months, 12 months for OCC as a $100 or below $100? And is the price of OCC is something that concerns you from the perspective of potentially incenting new containerboard capacity in the U.S.?
Carol Roberts: Anthony, this is Carol. I think, speaking for the team, I think the OCC, it would be very difficult for us to predict where OCC is in six months because there is going to be really all around global demand and global economic activity. So, I think what you're seeing there is just a sheer result of the demand for OCC. But over time, we are convinced that it will cost more in the future than it cost today. And so we think it goes up higher through time. And if you're making a decision on a containerboard machine, recycled containerboard machine, you’re not going to make it on the stock price on OCC. You’re going to make it over a long-term decision around, what do I have to pay for my input materials, what am I going to sell my products and importantly whom I going to sell it to. And that’s the strategic question that any investor would have to make around on your containerboard machine. And I think, I answered your question but if there was another one in there, I’ve had my own senior moment, I can't recall it.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: No. That was -- I think you covered it. That was helpful. And then just maybe following up on North American box markets and specifically box prices, I mean, you saw stable box prices in the quarter, talked about October looking good. Some trade publications have talked about discounting in boxes. And I’m just wondering, if you’ve seen any of that kind of discounting in the marketplace in a real way? Or if you could just talk about competitive conditions in North American box markets, maybe how they’ve changed, if they’ve changed in the last three, four months?
Tim Nicholls: Hi. It’s Tim. We were relatively flat in the quarter and we don’t forecast price going forward. But this is a seasonally slower period of time and it’s a competitive market. So we will update you when we get through the fourth quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay. That’s helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Josephson.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Thanks. Good morning everyone. Congratulations on your performance in the quarter and Mark, best of luck in your new role. One on export. In terms of the export price weakness that you are guiding to in the fourth quarter, how much of that would you say seasonal versus reflective of current conditions, and how would you characterize export conditions, just a moment given the recent strength in U.S. dollar and the weakness in a number of economies as I think, Carol talked about earlier.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Hi, it’s Tim. It really depends on what projects you are talking about. If it’s containerboard, there is an element of seasonality in that. There’s how regions are producing around the world and then there is -- as I mentioned earlier, some capacities that’s probably left, North America and it’s finding its way to other parts of the world, So probably half and half. On the paper side, this is a seasonally slower period of time and we usually do see some export price erosion. As we go to the fourth quarter in certain parts of the world, as I mentioned in Brazil, the fourth quarter tends to be a seasonally stronger period. So overall, it’s probably going to be down but I don’t expect big decreases.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks, Tim. And just one on the capacity -- containerboard capacity additions in North America. How would you characterize the impact that they’ve had, both on your business and on the market? Obviously, your margins in North America industrial packaging are as high as they have ever been, but we continue to read about pricing pressure, both domestically and in terms of export containerboard prices. Thanks very much.
Mark Sutton: Sure. I wouldn’t comment on how it impacts the market. I can tell you how it’s impacted us. We haven’t seen a big impact on volume. And I think you have to keep in mind that all of this capacity is not the same. You’ve got different levels of quality in some cases and you’ve also got basis weights that are fit for use, not necessarily more broadly applicable to all segments. And you’ve got geographies in some cases. They come and play as well. So we haven’t seen a big volume impact. We run a very large system that has a lot of channel access across different channels with a lot of different products. So we bring a different type of value proposition to our customers that some of these new capacity starting up just can’t because of what they have to offer.
Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks, Tim.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Debbie Jones.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank:  Hi. Good morning. My first questions, just like to talk about OCC for a minute. Just recognizing it’s difficult to kind of predict this. Do you have any thoughts on the trajectory for recycle fiber pricing and I know on recent call you’ve mentioned China having less of reliance on the U.S. has been an issue. What kind of trends should we be thinking about over the near term on OCC pricing?
Mark Sutton: Well, Carol gave an answer a minute ago that I would be hard to contradict. She said it’s really hard to point where OCC goes over the longer period of time. I think that’s right. It depends on what the level of demand in China is going to be and other parts of world.
Tim Nicholls: So Debbie, let me see if I can help, maybe more satisfying -- a little more satisfying. There is a cost curve for OCC, collection cost curve and you start getting into below $100 and you start to take a fly out of the market place because the cost more to collect and it does the selling price. And so I think if you think about where it is today, the trajectory ought to be up with any kind of economic improvement across the world. So there is tax over the bracket when it becomes uneconomical to collect the high cost OCC.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks. Apologies. I guess from my senior moment in the repeat question I guess -- my follow-up I guess would be on MLPs -- it’s more of the process question. If you could comment on this, you submit the application and I’m assuming you are trying to get having review various craft assets and whether or not they have MLP qualifying incoming. The IRS, what type of due diligence do they do when you submit the PLR? Are they actually coming out and visiting your operations or do they tend to look at kind of industry definition and things like that?
Carol Roberts: Debbie, this is Carol. I’m not aware that they would come, do a visit. I don’t think that that’s what they would do. And I think they would base it upon your submission of the fact that you represented and they could always research those facts and verify those were performed by point of view.
Debbie Jones - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you, that’s helpful. I’ll pass it over.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Good morning.
Mark Sutton: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Just looking at your corrugated shipments in the quarter. I realized West of the Rockies, you are more heavily exposed to the agricultural markets. But I think I recall before you are going to try to maybe mitigate some of that by moving it to some other end markets. One, are you making any progress moving into other end markets and two, as we go into 2015, I mean, it’s look like some of those issue in the ag market aren’t going abate. Are there any measures you could take to sort of change your customer mix there to mitigate some of that some of those issues?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Hi. It’s Tim. I’m not sure about the question around the market segment shifts and what not. I mean we’re talking about a lot of volume. We’re talking about a big market in California. So it’s really hard to impact that on the meaningful way in short term and I don’t how long the drought is going to last. And you would think that at some point the drought situation will reverse itself and we’ll see some uplift on the comfortable basis but what we’re doing is we’re competing in all the segments that we play in. We’ve got big protein segments. We’ve got big segment and processed foods. And so we’re working all of those segments hard across the country and we’re faced in the last, situation where there is just not -- there is much demand because the product not there to be packaged.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Okay. But working at your shipments there versus the industry, you’re down 3.7% industry at 1% of that. Is that purely overweighting towards ag or is there something else going on?
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Sorry. I missed that part of your question. Maybe my senior moment, yeah, I mean there is more than just ag in the west in the industrial business. But we tend to be overweighted to the ag segment in that part of the country?
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Right. Is that something where maybe an acquisition would help you to balance out the end market exposure there?
Tim Nicholls: I don’t think you look at acquisitions for situational factors that impact demand. We’re running our business and we would look at the way Carol talked about if there was one that made sense. And we thought the growth in intrinsic value but we’re running the business day-to-day and trying to optimize what we have.
Mark Sutton: Okay. Got the biggest lever we had as Tim mentioned earlier is the channel distribution strategy that we have, domestic containerboard in the open market where we have top notch customers, our own box business and of course our export markets. And that allows us to move containerboard through this channel. So at the West Coast ag business is difficult while we’ve got other outlets and that’s what we do on the ongoing basis. It’s really maximize our flow through through different channels to market because all of those channels are permanent channels for IP that we viewed strategically.
Tim Nicholls: And as I mentioned, we don’t expect the ag segment on the West Coast to be down for ever. It will comeback.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Right. Now I hear on that argument. We’ve been just waiting for above average harvest around food can for three or four years now. So…
Tim Nicholls: Right.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: That’s where the concern is coming from there. Just moving over to consumer for a minute on cup stock, can you talk about any continued improvement in the uptick there? On -- I think may be you are adding some capacity but also from a consumer -- from a customer demand perspective, are you seeing any continued switch from phone to paper?
Tom Kadien: Yes, Scott this is Tom Kadien. We see robust demand growth in our food service business. And we are I think our volumes are up high single-digits year-over-year and we still have customers who are moving geographies and moving products out of foam and into paper and that’s driving our volumes that’s why we are expanding Canton, Ohio plant to add capacity for the back half next year because we still see that trend moving in our direction and that’s pulling through a lot of cups talk through our coated board business as well.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Al Kabili.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Securities: All right. Thanks. Good morning. Carol just housekeeping question for you is on the pension. If you had any preliminary thoughts around what the lower discount rate and change in mortality tables might mean for your pension expense next year more broadly and also as how you define operational pension expense?
Carol Roberts: So, Al, good morning. So on pension, let me just comment from clearly the discount rate as of December 31st will impact the accounting side of the pension, it will not impact the cash required contribution side. The law that got passed legislation of the summer will trump all of that and the required contribution that we are looking at now for '15 and '16 is in aggregate probably round number a $100 million in totalish. So it's a very small amount. So the impact on the discount rate will be a balance sheet and a credit metric issue by itself. Relative to the mortality table, they will come in, they're not sure of the exact day when all that hits, but I thinks its '16 or '17, some thing like that. And clearly when the lifespan is longer, the liability will go up from that, but we -- I am not prepared to give any preliminary math on that. And then the operating pension expense which you referred to that flows through the business P&L. Operating pension expense is really the cost of providing that benefit, taking out the kind of swings that come from the accounting. So it’s a benefit that we provide to our employees. There is cost associated with that and that flows through the businesses. On the non-operating, it’s the kind of things like the change in liability, the change in interest rates, all that kind of stuff that’s really accounting driven. And that’s why we separated the two not to distort our operating performance.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Securities: Right. And understanding you are not prepared to give the change in mortality table update just yet as far as quantifying. But it sounds like it’s probably not going to have that much of an impact on the operating pension expense if I understand it correctly, Carol?
Carol Roberts: No, I will tell you the truth that we have done it more from an overall liability perspective. We have not moved it back through to the operating line, but it certainly won't be an impact in '15 and I think it would become an impact in '16, '17. And I don’t think it will be.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Securities: Okay. Appreciate it. Understood. Okay. And then just last question. Just more broadly on to the team and just the emerging markets. And clearly the macro has been a struggle, but if we look at India and we look at Brazil or so, those businesses have been challenged by cost inflation the last few years. And I wanted to just get a sense to the pulse on the opportunity just to improve the performance next year on those businesses irrespective of the macro and just catching up to some of those cost inflation what the outlook is there?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Hi, it's Tim. Just on Brazil and then I'll pass it off to Tom Kadien for India or so. Yes, the environment is challenging, but even with the challenging environment this past quarter we were still getting price increases. The big level for us is really around cost structure, especially in the box plans. We’re spending low capital dollars or significant automation opportunities that takes out headcount. So will end up taking out this year probably the better part of our 160 people across the system. And we think there is more opportunity as you go into 2015. On the volume side, if you look at the business absent these three multinational customers that we have that have lost share, we’re kind of holding our own. We are just faced with the additional challenge of in a soft market trying to replace the tons that we’ve lost through those customers. But I think we are making headway on it. So I expect an improved fourth quarter from a margin standpoint. Third quarter was very heavy to outages, which impacted us and expanding margins of '15, '16.
Mark Sutton: And on the India side, there is a lot of optimism in India right now with the changing government and we’ve seen some tangible signs that give us optimism as well about the macro environment. We expect demand -- our GDP to drive demand and GDP is going to increase next year over the issuers 5.5% or what for so. Fiber prices which have been an issue are coming down. So that spells good for earnings. And we’ve also gotten -- with this new government, we’ve gotten some consents approved on additional capacity that will help us grow the business next year. So we feel really pretty upbeat about our paper business in India.
Al Kabili - Macquarie Securities: Okay. Terrific and good luck the remainder of the year.
Mark Sutton: Okay. I think that will wrap us up here. I would just like to make a couple of closing comments. At IP, we expect to continuously improve. We hold ourselves as leaders accountable for that. We are going to focus on our customers. It’s even more important than slow economic times to really redouble our efforts to be better and better with customers. We will continue to focus on improvement and how we operate. You saw a lot of the evidence of being able to do that and bring it to the bottomline in the third quarter. Our focus on good sustainable cash flow will remain. And balanced use of that cash that rewards our shareholders will be the principles that we continue to operate going forward. We have great group of employees that are engaged in winning and winning with customers and outperforming the competition all over the world. And it’s a privilege for me to have the opportunity to lead International Paper. And I look forward to speaking with all of you on a regular basis going forward.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Mark. And thanks again to all of you for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Rachel and I will be available after the call. Our phone numbers are on slide 20 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President William P. Hoel - Senior Vice President of Container The Americas and Interim Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Group Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers - The America's Region Mark Stephan Sutton - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark Wilde Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Patrick, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Jay Royalty, to begin the conference. Jay?
Jay Royalty: Thanks a lot, Patrick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's second quarter earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, Slide 4 provides context around the Ilim joint ventures, financial information and statistical measures. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning to everybody. As we normally do, Carol and I are going to review the second quarter 2014 results and the performance of individual businesses, then we'll speak to the third quarter outlook and open it up for your questions. So I'm going to start them on Slide 5. International Paper delivered strong earnings performance in the second quarter, driven by very strong results in our North American Industrial Packaging business and solid performance around the globe in other key businesses. Our North American businesses saw an expected recovery from a weather-impacted first quarter, but we also continued to have higher-than-expected input costs. Additionally, we successfully executed almost $200 million of maintenance outages across the enterprise and, importantly, we didn't let that get in the way of continuing to operate in a very solid fashion. Ilim continues to be a good news story, with solid operational EBITDA attributable to benefits from the continued improvement at both projects, Koryazhma and Bratsk. And despite some softness in the pulp markets in the second quarter, the joint venture also had a favorable FX gain as the ruble strengthened against the U.S. dollar. Think of that as a reversal from the opposite we had in the first quarter. In early July, IP's Board of Directors approved an additional $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization, which extends the program implemented last September, and Carol's going to update you on second quarter activity a little bit later on in the presentation. On the people front. We announced the appointment of Mark Sutton as President and Chief Operating Officer of International Paper on January 1. The board and I are very pleased to have Mark in that role. He's an experienced global leader and operator, knows IP and the industry well. He's with us here in the room today and will participate in the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, we completed the xpedx transaction on July 1, as IP spun off our North American distribution business and merged it with Unisource to create a new publicly traded company called Veritiv, which is now trading on the New York Stock Exchange. And I want to wish all of our former colleagues and Mary Laschinger, the Chairman and CEO of Veritiv, a lot of success going forward, and wish the new company well. So let's move on to the financials. That's Slide 6. EPS was $0.95 a share, up almost 50% over the second quarter of last year. EBITDA was $1.1 billion, up from $920 million in the first quarter. Margins grew as well, up 90 basis points over last year and 160 basis points over the first quarter. Free cash flow was $380 million compared to $250 million in the first quarter. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Carol and let her walk through the details on the quarter and the business results, and then we'll get to the forecast outlook and your questions.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Let me turn to the sequential EPS bridge, where it shows that we are $0.95 per share in the second quarter versus $0.61 per share in the first quarter. The strong results were driven by price improvement across several of the businesses. We had higher volume, solid operational performance across the enterprise and a significant positive noncash FX swing as the ruble recovered against the U.S. dollar on Ilim's JV U.S.-denominated debt. These positive swings were partially offset by significantly higher outage costs, as planned in the quarter, and as John referenced, they went very well. Some of the improvement in volume, operations and input costs, I can say, were attributable to moving past the weather disruptions in North America that did plague the first quarter. But beyond that, we experienced seasonal improvement in demand in North American Industrial Packaging and solid operating performance on all fronts. Courtland closure and transition costs were lower in the quarter, as expected. Input costs moderated slightly. However, I would say that they remained high throughout the quarter, and we're going to talk about the outlook going forward. Corporate items were slightly favorable, but they were more than offset by a slightly higher tax rate of 32%, as expected, and higher interest cost due to a tax reserve that was established in the quarter. Turning to Slide 8. I want to take a look at the year-over-year input costs for the first half of 2014. And as you can see on the right-hand side of the slide, wood and energy have been significantly higher, probably a bit higher than expected and significantly higher than last year. While they moderated slightly in the second quarter, we are seeing continued pressure on wood, higher electricity costs and higher chemical costs as we move through the third quarter. Turning now to the businesses. Industrial Packaging delivered strong results as prices held firm, volume increased, operations were solid and input costs moderated slightly. Pricing was stable in North America and up in Brazil. Volume was seasonally stronger in North America, and we also experienced significantly higher volume in our European Package -- Packaging business, as year-over-year volumes were up 5% for the second quarter and 4% year-to-date. So a very strong performance out of our European Packaging business. Operations recovered following the weather-plagued first quarter, and we successfully executed peak maintenance outages of $91 million. Input costs were lower by $13 million, primarily natural gas and OCC. As I move you to Slide 10, and take a look at the North American margin comparisons, IP and our team turned in another strong quarter and continues to outperform our primary competitors. These margins are inclusive of the significant maintenance downtime that we took in the quarter. Slide 11. I thought it'd be good if we took a look at our volume results for the U.S. Corrugated business. And as you can see, we were up a little over 5% sequentially and 1% year-over-year, right in line with the industry. It's interesting to note that when you take a look, a little deeper dive at our performance regionally, you can see that IP outperformed the industry east of the Rockies. The east of the Rockies represents about 82% of our business. We underperformed west of the Rockies, the remaining 18%. Our underperformance in the west is largely attributable to our heavy exposure to the agricultural box segment, which is having a tough growing season due to a number of unfavorable weather patterns. When you look at the right-hand side of the slide, we show some of our larger segments and how we're performing versus the average. You can see that poultry as well as shipping and distribution, and shipping and distribution does include e-commerce, are performing well. While, as I mentioned, ag is down, processed foods and the beverage segment, which are a couple of the largest segments we have, are basically flat year-to-date. I think this explains a lot about the overall results for not only International Paper but the industry. So our success in Industrial Packaging is evidenced in both our margin and our commercial and volume performance. We bring a lot of value to our customers that we serve. We have a top-notch commercial team, manufacturing and supply chain organization that is winning in the marketplace every day and, importantly, helping our customers win. So moving on to Consumer Packaging on Page 12. The Consumer Packaging business, we're starting to see the benefits of our commercial momentum that we've been talking about as we move past the last of the significant not only North American outages but European outages. Prices were up, on average, in our North American Coated Paperboard business, about $20 a ton. Volumes in both North America Coated Paperboard and our Foodservice business were up in the quarter, offset by lower volume in Europe due to a significant maintenance outage at our Kwidzyn mill. Our North American Foodservice business had a record quarter on revenue, up 11% year-over-year. Operations improved significantly as we moved past the weather and delivered solid performance for the quarter. Moving to Slide 13. As we've talked about previously, Consumer Packaging is really a second-half story. The first half results have clearly been burdened with the weather, heavy maintenance outages, high input costs and the construction and start-up of our grade enhancement project at our Kwidzyn, Poland mill. As we move into the second half of the year, most of our outage costs are behind us, volume will be higher due to less planned maintenance downtime, higher cup stock volumes due to the Foodservice growth and the growing shift from foam to paper cups, which is a real positive for us on both sides. Also, we expect to see additional benefits from the ramp-up of the new grade, Alaska Plus, out of our Kwidzyn, Poland mill. And finally, we'll see continued realization of the previously announced North American SBS price increases. This is all going to translate into higher earnings for the business for the balance of '14. Turning now to our global Printing Papers business. We experienced higher pricing in North America on uncoated freesheet and fluff pulp, as well as in Brazil on papers. Volumes were lower in North America as well as Brazil. Operations improved as, once again, we moved past the weather and performed well. Maintenance outages were high, offsetting $30 million of segment earnings, and input costs moderated slightly. And as I have previously mentioned, we did have lower costs at Courtland, as expected. The positive swing in other is primarily related to some favorable FX impact that we saw in Brazil. Looking at Slide 15. We thought it would be instructive to take a closer look at the sequential earnings across the Printing Papers business on a regional basis. And I would say that we feel the results were encouraging, really, across the globe. As a reminder, we have a truly global paper business. Roughly 2/3 of what we sell is produced outside North America. As this slide shows, North America was up solidly in both Printing Papers and pulp. Brazil was up as well, despite significant volume constraints, attributable to the additional government-declared holidays around the World Cup event and really less-than-robust demand. Europe was down, but that was entirely attributable to $23 million in higher outage expenses in the quarter. And for our Indian businesses, it was basically flat. So all in, the business performed well in the face of a mediocre global demand environment. Touching on the Ilim JV. It's good to report that the JV had another solid quarter of operating performance, as we had continued progress with both the ramp-up of Bratsk and continued good performance out of the Koryazhma mill. And this largely offset some lower pulp prices that we sold to China. Additionally, as John mentioned, we did have the positive swing to the JV earnings as the ruble strengthened against the U.S. dollar on the JV's $1.5 billion U.S.-denominated debt. The JV took a significant outage at the Bratsk mill at the beginning of the third quarter to address a bottleneck issue with the pulp digester, the cost of which will impact negatively our earnings in the third quarter. But the great news is productivity coming out of the outage is very encouraging and should enable acceleration of the JV's progress towards the final ramp-up to the original pulp mill project expectations. So let me kind of pull it all together on Slide 17, and take a look, moving forward, to the third quarter. As we see it, volume across the enterprise will be relatively stable, with some improvement in North America Consumer Packaging, as I described earlier. Pricing will be largely stable as well, with some continued realization of the previously announced price increases on fluff pulp and in our Coated Paperboard business in North America. We expect solid operating performance to continue across the businesses, and maintenance outages will be lower by a significant $135 million in the third quarter. We do expect input costs that will remain elevated and, in some cases, will increase slightly, as we've noted on the chart. In North America, our Papers and Packaging businesses, we expect to see continued pressure on wood costs, particularly in Texas and the surrounding region, along with higher electricity costs and higher chemical costs. In Brazil, we expect to see higher energy and fiber costs as well. At the Ilim JV, as always, we don't forecast FX movements, so the assumption is that, that gain of $0.07 won't repeat. And also, we have the additional cost of the outage at Bratsk early in the quarter. The anticipation of continued operational benefits, post the outage, are offset by lower average pulp prices for the quarter. And finally, with the spin of xpedx at the beginning of the third quarter, there is a nonrepeat of earnings and, additionally, an equivalent amount of transitional costs, much of which will work off over time. So finally, on 18, a couple more things to update on before I turn it back over to John. I think it's worth highlighting some of the significant developments in the quarter with regard to the company's finances. As you know, IP is in an excellent position, and we continue to get stronger. First, based on the consistency of our solid financial performance, Moody's upgraded our credit rating one notch. Additionally, in the quarter, we executed a bond issuance and a tender offer that enabled us to address the upcoming debt towers in 2018 and '19 and replace high-cost debt with lower-cost debt. We were able to take advantage of these historically low interest rates on 10- and 30-year debt and take some risk off the table in the upcoming term. As John mentioned earlier, we successfully executed the xpedx spin on July 1, and we received $400 million in cash. And additionally, our shareowners got 51% of the new company, Veritiv. We also received an additional $1.5 billion share buyback authorization from the board. In the quarter, we purchased $296 million of stock at an average price of just over $46. And from the inception of the program through June 30, we've purchased approximately $1.1 billion of stock at an average price of $46 a share. And finally, I want to mention that there's a potential Highway Trust Fund legislation that could have a positive impact on reducing future pension contributions, likely in the range of $800 million to $1 billion over the next few years. While there would be a corresponding loss of the tax deduction for these contributions, this would have a positive impact on cash available for reallocation. So all in all, some very good developments and accomplishments in the second quarter. So with that, let me turn it back over to John.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. So summing up. The IP leadership team continues to find ways to build on our success and improve the strength and, importantly, the performance of International Paper. In addition to the accomplishments that Carol spoke about and, as I've said before, we've got many levers to pull to improve and deliver strong results despite a challenging global environment. We seem to come up with new reasons to have a challenging global environment every day, it seems. But I'm pleased with the progress we're making and the results we're posting along the way. We're generating strong, sustainable free cash flow, and we're deploying that cash with the objective of maximizing shareowner value. So all in, as we look to the future, we like what's ahead. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Gail Glazerman from UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, just starting with -- and I know there were some comments on the news wires this morning. But can you talk a little bit about the MLP potential and how you would think about that and kind of how you -- just what obstacles and opportunities you might see?
John V. Faraci: Sure.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail. This is Carol. First, let me say, very importantly, that we maintain a constructive and open dialogue with all our shareholders. And we're always open to new ideas and ways to increase shareholder value. We have been studying the MLPs for some time. And for us, it just remains unclear as to whether this concept would really be value-creating for the company. Today, as I think everybody knows, and it's been written about, there is a moratorium on private letter rulings at the IRS. And there has been one prior favorable ruling on pulp but, as everybody knows, there's no precedent for containerboard or coated paperboard at this time. So all that said, even if we could get a private letter ruling from the IRS, we're not yet -- and I would say we're somewhat far from convinced that this would be a good idea, and a good idea, on a number of fronts, that are unique to International Paper and the business we're in. The first issue that you have is the potential tax cost and the tax leakage, given that the assets involved here are fairly highly depreciated. The other consideration that we're looking at very hard is the operational, commercial challenges and some of the restrictions on how it would require us to run the business. And then the third piece that really plays into an MLP is the capital considerations. And as everybody knows, in our business, we're a capital-intensive industry, and sometimes the capital, particularly in these big and integrated mills, can be fairly lumpy. So all that said, we're going to continue to evaluate it until we can reach a conclusion for ourselves and, importantly, until the IRS makes clear what their new requirements are going to be for MLPs. And so in the interim, we’ll continue to operate our business as is, and we expect to do so for the foreseeable future. So we'll continue to study it and we'll look at it. And we're -- as we said, we're always looking for creative ways to unlock more value.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And can you just give us some color on what you're seeing in terms of demand trends in the third quarter? And maybe how this transitions from the second quarter into third quarter, I guess, in terms of key businesses as well as key global regions.
John V. Faraci: Bill, do you want to talk about the box business?
William P. Hoel: Going from the second quarter into the third quarter, we're not seeing much of a change in overall demand trend. We saw a week -- first week of the quarter with the holiday ending on a Friday, and you had a long weekend there. That impacted shipments for a couple of days. But since then, the trend has been very much the same as we saw in June. So we're not seeing a lot of changes in boxes.
John V. Faraci: Anything else in particular, Gail, you want to hear about?
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, what you're seeing in China and maybe a little bit in uncoated freesheet and how the market may not have firmed up as I would've expected, given the magnitude of the closures.
John V. Faraci: Tom Kadien was just in China, so he can speak to [ph] that.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, China's kind of moving along. I'd say it's a slow growth. It's up a couple percent, 3%, which is less than we would normally feel. I think -- and I'm speaking right now about our box markets over there. There's a lot of capacity in all markets over there right now. And growth is positive, but it's not like -- it doesn't feel like the reported 7-plus percent that they're talking about for GDP.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Gail, it's Tim. Just on the uncoated freesheet front, similar to Bill, we are seeing things from second to third quarter so far kind of moving along sideways. Having said that, we normally see a seasonal pickup as we go into August and September. So we'll have to see how that plays out. I would say, just globally, uncoated freesheet, because of a lot of factors around the world, has not had the year that we all thought it would from a demand standpoint, whether it's the Ukraine or the World Cup in Brazil. Our volumes in Brazil looked pretty flattish and anemic through the first half of the year. We thought the World Cup would help. It clearly did not. It actually hurt. So I would expect that, in the second half, there's an opportunity for things to pick up a little bit, but we'll just have to see how it plays out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question on Ilim. You have a slide that references $550 million to $600 million in fully ramped potential. Can you just give us some color on what fully ramped means? And what would be the time frame to potentially hit that? And then just maybe a related question. The U.S. and Europe put on a stricter round of sanctions on Russia. And I guess, you'd expect the Russians to reciprocate. Did the sanctions have any impact on Ilim or how you operate the business or generate earnings from the business?
John V. Faraci: Well, let me take that in 2 pieces, Anthony. Just to give you a little bit more color on how we get to the $550 million to $600 million. The big piece of that is Bratsk. Before this outage, we were running the pulp mill at about 1,200 tons a day. Coming up out of the outage, and it's only been 10 days, we've been averaging 1,700 tons a day and hit over 1,900 tons a day in the first 10 days or so. So dramatic increase. The capacity of that pulp dryer is a little over 2,000 tons a day. So that has a huge impact on the cost structure of the mill, plus you've got the incremental volume. So that, and then getting the coater up and running at Koryazhma so we can make both uncoated paper, which we're making a lot of now, we're running that at design rates; and coated paper, we'll be the only supplier of coated paper in the Russian market, are -- will be the biggest pieces of getting from where we are, which is a run rate of, call it, $450 million, to the $550 million to $600 million. In terms of what's going on in the Ukrainian sanctions, we'd need to see the details on what this last round of sanctions that kind of were in the paper that the U.S. and the Europeans are putting on. I'd say, up to now, the impact on our business has primarily been felt in Eastern Europe. Obviously, Ukraine has been impacted a lot. It wasn't a big market for us, but the Eastern European markets have been impacted. The Russian economy was already slowing down. And sanctions, we wish there were a -- we could resolve these issues. But up until now, there's been no impact on our business other than the spillover of economic activity slowing down in Eastern Europe. And while this isn't a positive -- a plus for the Russian economy, the Russian economy was slowing down well before the Ukraine issue got on the radar screen.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up on containerboard. Pulp and Paper Week recently lowered medium prices by $10 a ton and has talked about weakness in recycled prices. And I was wondering if that price reduction was surprising to you and if you could maybe characterize the impact to IP.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, this is Mark Sutton. That's a great question. Let me -- before I answer that question, let me take this opportunity just to make a statement about -- as I roll into my new role. I've met many of you on the call. I look forward to spending more time with you in my new role. I've been spending time with our global business leaders and teams, getting up to speed, not only on near-term issues and what we can do for the rest of 2014 but also on the strategic front. And I'm increasingly coming away with a better feeling, an excited feeling about the opportunities we have as a company and also a better feeling in confirming my belief that we have the best people in the industry globally. So I'm excited about the new role, look forward to working with all of you that follow our industry and cover us. With respect to your question, I think the medium price changes that occurred, we view it as an isolated event and somewhat of a regional event. We haven't seen much of an impact on our business at all. As we said earlier, in Carol's part, our prices were firm through the quarter. I think you've got some issues going on that we've talked about at prior calls. As new capacity comes on, it's quite common for products to be made initially at the lower end of the technical scale. I think some of that's probably been happening, which requires some pricing behavior to get people to try it. So we don't see it as a big impact on our business at all.
Operator: Our next question is from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question, I guess, is more directed to you, Carol, about the Highway Trust Fund bill. You mentioned that it would maybe allow you to avoid, I guess, $800 million to $1 billion in contributions. Could you give us an idea of when that would occur? And maybe said differently or asked differently, what are your current forecasts for contributions, say, for '15, '16, maybe '17? And how would they differ?
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, yes. So as you think about the things we've talked about, we said that we expected about $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion to go into the pension, and that was like '13, '14, '15; '14 '15, '16, and so it was in that time frame. We didn't put much in '13. And as you can see through the cash flow statement so far this year, we've put in a little under $300 million, and we actually made another required payment in July. So we're up a little over $300 million this year. Now we have another required contribution in '15 and '16 that would be the balance of that $1.2 billion. So we were looking at roughly $1 billion of additional required contribution in '15 and '16. That's the contribution that we won't have to put in if, indeed, the bill gets passed and written into law as it's written today. And it's all around widening the corridor and pushing out the impact of these lower interest rates. So that's the impact we have. Now what happens on that, of course, is you'll lose those tax deductions, and so there's a cash tax implication. But all in all, if you say, "Hey, we put $1 billion less in. We're going to have to pay taxes on that," you can see that you're going to net $600, $700 of positive cash over this period of time. That would've gone somewhere else, now we can do something else productive with. I hope that helps.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: That's very helpful. And just as a quick follow-up. I think you said something about -- I mean, as we look at the third quarter, maybe you can quantify the Bratsk outage. I'm not sure you did. And I think something was mentioned about lower pulp prices, and it seems like softwood has sort of hung in there. I know it can be quite volatile from Ilim into China, and so maybe you could talk a little bit about how you see the softwood pulp picture.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, I could probably let Tim comment, but I think the softwood pulp, and I use the word very deliberately, average price. So it's average-to-average. So while our pulp prices are very stable now and we feel good about the markets going forward, there was some movement down in the price through the second quarter. But when you look at it average-to-average, it's lower. And relative to the Bratsk outage, we did not comment on the specific cost of that outage. We don't really disclose that for the JV, but it was a fairly good-sized outage. But the good news is, as John said, we're coming out of it running very, very well.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And do you think that better running in August and September could offset that cost? Or probably not quite?
Carol L. Roberts: Well, that has the potential. And that's why we said we think that some of the good operations could offset the pulp price, and we'll have to see about how we run the rest of the quarter. But we've been running well, and so we've been pleasantly surprised the last couple of quarters relative to Ilim's operational performance.
Operator: Next question is from Alex Ovshey from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, just a couple of questions for you. First, just going back to the MLP question. Would you be able to tell us how long you've been looking into this question? And I know Carol provided some nice detail around some of the potential challenges, around the tax leakage and restrictions on capital spend and just the time that is necessary to really be able to thoughtfully address those questions. So I mean, from your perspective, outside of what the IRS may or may not say, how long do you think it may take before IP has a better view on whether or not it could sort of overcome those obstacles?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. So again, we'll -- we've been looking at it for quite a few months now. And as I said, we'll continue to evaluate that and also see where the IRS comes out on their requirements for MLPs. After the IRS decides, at that time, we'll have had enough time that we'll decide if we think that some proposed MLP structure has sufficient merits. And if that was the case, at that point, we'd pursue a private letter ruling. If we were to receive a private letter ruling and continue to take it [indiscernible], that's when we would make a public statement as such. But I think we're still a long ways from that between both our evaluation and really, where the IRS is. And so once again, as I said, we're going to continue to operate our business as is and continue to evaluate it and look at the complexities and the opportunity and see if there's really an opportunity for true value creation.
John V. Faraci: Yes, and that said, I mean, if you look at IP's track record and the decisions we've made over the last 6, 7 years and, most recently, the spin merge with xpedx and Unisource, which was a transaction I think we were the first ones to do, take 2 private companies and take them public, we're ready, willing and able to do things that are complicated that we think create long-term value for the company and our shareowners. So there's more work to do.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right, right. Very helpful, John and Carol. And just a question on Containerboard. Looking at industry inventory levels, relative to a 5- or 10-year average, they do seem -- or they are higher than that. I'm just curious if you can talk about where IP's inventory levels sit and how you feel about them. And then maybe looking back to last year, when we did have the inventory levels above the 10-year average, we saw the industry take some slow-back. So I'm interested in whether or not you're building in any slow-back of production to your output for the back half of the year on Containerboard?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Alex, this is Mark. I'll take the inventory question. I think, with respect to IP's inventories, we manage our supply chain very, very efficiently, and we like the shape that our inventories are in right now. We have been operating on some supply chain metrics at best-ever levels in terms of having the right stock in the right box plants. Also, in a challenging transportation environment, managing our transportation cost the best we can. So we like where our inventories are. I think overall -- and I'm not going to comment on overall industry inventories and projecting slow-backs and that part of your question. What I will say, though, is the way we run our business -- now I'll remind you again, we look at our Containerboard business as a global business. We have 3 main channels that we bring our product to market. The biggest one, obviously, is our own box business. We also serve very important customers in the U.S. open market. And then thirdly, we export a significant amount of our containerboard to parts of the world that need it and value it. A portion of that is our own box plants internationally. So when we look at how we run our containerboard system, we run it to the demand we have from our customers through all 3 of those channels. And the float between the channels allows us to optimize the business at any given period in time and adapt to seasonal demand issues. So that really drives our decision for how we run our system, and that is based on the demand of our customers.
Operator: Next question is from Al Kabili from Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: First question, I guess, is for Tim on the uncoated freesheet. The transitional costs with the Courtland closure, do we get any additional sequential benefit from that in the third quarter? It didn't look like there was much explicitly indicated in the outlook.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. It hasn't changed a whole lot, Al, since first quarter, when we updated everyone. But it'll be less than 10 in the third quarter and probably around 5 in the fourth quarter, and then it pretty much just trails off. So we're down to the final pieces at this point.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. That's helpful. And then the second question that I had, I guess, is switching over to Containerboard. Mark, it looks like you're talking about flattish, no real change in volume trends in July. And if I look at the outlook, it sounds like you see, on the volume end of things, CPG improving in North America, on Slide 17. And I was wondering if you could kind of clarify the flattish July trends versus sort of the commentary on the outlook, if there's some visibility there that things are getting better. Kind of how are you thinking about what are you hearing from customers from a demand perspective on the outlook in the back half?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Al. On the comments that Bill Hoel made about the box market in July, that was Corrugated Packaging. And on the outlook chart that you're looking at, that's all of our Packaging, and that CPG refers to our Consumer Packaging business, where we see improving -- slightly improving demand. And we have the capacity, with most of our outages behind us, to meet that. So that's the difference there. I think Bill covered some of it, and Carol had a piece on the slide that had our east and west breakout. So a lot of our customers inside of certain segments are still seeing their business driven as kind of a mirror image of the U.S. economy and the behavior of the consumers. There's some movement within segments. In the protein segment, some of the poultry businesses, as it's well-known, are doing better. And part of that's having to do with the challenges that the beef industry has had with corn prices. That tends to change over time. So within segments, there are different customers who have a certain product that's winning in the marketplace. We obviously try to align ourselves up with those customers. But the segments are so large and our corrugated position is so large that, over time, some of these trends tend to offset themselves.
Unknown Executive: So 1 or 2 quarters [indiscernible] press release.
John V. Faraci: The order activity in boxes for the last few weeks has been fairly decent. I think one other point that we didn't cover is that in July, we have 1 more day than we had last year or last month. So even though the daily shipments are relatively flat, you do have 1 more day, not only in the month but in the quarter, the third quarter versus second quarter. So that helps you out in overall absolute volume. But our order activity has been pretty strong. I think one of the other challenges we have in the second half of the year is the West Coast ag business. We're heavily involved in fresh fruit and vegetables in the West Coast. And with the drought conditions, it could be a little soft there. The rest of the segments that we serve, though, are relatively strong. So overall, we're more than making up for the weakness in the fresh fruit and vegetables in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: First, I was hoping -- can we get an update on your dealings with the mills you had divested as part of the Temple acquisition? I think the Indy paper, I think that contract was potentially going to change at midyear.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. The divested mills, there were 3 mills that we divested, just about 1 million tons. Two of them were for the creation of New-Indy Containerboard. Yes, there was a 3-year agreement to purchase tons from those divested mills and with a -- its really agreed-upon ramp-down. And so we're just progressing through that, and I think it's been working pretty well in terms of the -- where we started a couple of years ago, and it goes through the middle of next year. And so we're continuing to purchase from that mill and also the third one, which was purchased by Hood Container. And those are mostly making medium, a product that we are obviously short of after selling those mills. And so we're continuing with the current plan of ramp-down, and we'll get to the final year between this summer and next summer when the final 12 months of the agreement unfolds.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And so it's a ratable ramp-down, is the way we should think about it?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes. It's not a cliff drop-off in volume. That works really for all supply chains, ours as well as the companies that we sold the mills to. So we designed a smooth ramp that just allows us to perform at the most cost-effective way and the best service platform we can have to our converting plants.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, great. And...
John V. Faraci: The DOJ agreement expires in July of next year.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And second, in prior calls, you've given some guidance indications on free cash flow. Would those be pretty much unchanged as you're looking at 2014 right now? Or any adjustments?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, I think we still feel good about our free cash flow generation capability. We had some headwinds. We had headwinds in the first quarter relative to the weather. It's hard to see us getting that back. I feel like we've got a headwind around some input costs that seem to be trending a bit higher than maybe what we had expected. But the businesses continue to run well, and so it's going to be all around the second half performance. So I feel good about -- that we are going to have another strong year of that free cash flow performance that we've talked about.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos from Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a couple of questions, maybe for Carol or for Tom. Realizing that pricing is going to be a key driver of this, if we held pricing flat at today's level or second quarter average levels, if you prefer that, what kind of ramp-up would you be having us think about in terms of the consumer segment profitability versus the first half? The second question I had is, could you update us on the thoughts at Orsa, Tim, given the performance? It's obviously been improving. What type of ramp and what type of attack do you need to see to get Orsa back to a more profitable level? And I actually had one follow-on, if there's time.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: George, this is Tom. On the pricing. The first quarter announcement, I think we showed about $5 in the second -- at the end of the first quarter. I think our AGS is up another 21, since that's the average in the second quarter. And as we exit rate out of the second quarter, we still have more realization to get in the third quarter off of that first quarter increase. So it's fully in. We announced 50. We'll net less than 50 but more than 40.
Timothy S. Nicholls: George, it's Tim. On Orsa. Yes, it's gone slower than we wanted it to, but I think we have finally started getting traction. One of the things that hasn't helped has been the market. The market's actually slightly negative year-to-date versus last year. And coupled with that, we've had a few customers that, because of market conditions and their position, they've struggled, and that's impacted us. Having said that, I feel really good about what has started happening over the past couple of months on the commercial side. We've had some capital that has started going in that is allowing us to automate some of the facilities and reduce headcount. So our costs are going to start coming in line. The mills are running well. They had a better quarter in the second quarter than in the first. And I would expect another -- we took a bit of a step-up in the second quarter versus the first, I would expect a more significant one between now and the end of the year.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tom, just a quick one, if I could. So is there a way to size what kind of improvement, overall, the segment should be if you hold your pricing where it is? And if it's not possible to guide in that way, should we assume that most of the benefit you see, second half versus first half, is pricing? And then a quick one on MLP. You can answer this just yes or no. How significant is the question of integration of the box plants with the mills in terms of understanding the complexity in terms of whether MLP structures make sense for you or not?
Carol L. Roberts: I'll do the last one first. Yes.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: And in terms of the Coated Paperboard business here in North America, the third quarter's going to be a significant ramp-up. We'll get price realization, as I outlined. But we had significant outages. We've had a tough first half, frankly. We had weather in the first quarter. We had outages in just about every month up through May, and we finally started to see our stride in the June month. We've got good backlogs coming out of the quarter. Pricing's headed up. So we'll show the earnings power of the business that we used to enjoy 1 or 2 years ago before we had to shut down Augusta PM#2. So we'll have a good third quarter.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes, my question was also on Bleached Board. So the momentum that we've just been discussing, that's the final implementation of the April price hike? Am I -- is it safe to assume that the July 1 hike had no impact, but we've got one pending for September 1, and that's presumably more of a Q4 event as well?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, we're talking -- I've been talking about our first quarter announcement that we implemented in the second quarter, and there's a tail of realization in the third quarter. Some of our competitors have announced increases, either in June or more recently, and I'm not going to really speak to that on this call. But we see strong backlogs. Our backlogs are 5 weeks coming out of the Fourth of July holiday. And we feel pretty good going into the third quarter.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. And then also on the MLP, I guess it's more of an observation. It's safe to say that this is definitely a big-brainer as opposed to a no-brainer, but you guys won't proceed without a private letter ruling?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, a private letter ruling is required.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Because I think you could assume the risk, but then if you have an adverse decision, then it's on you. But -- okay.
John V. Faraci: We'll put it back together again.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Wilde from Bank of Montréal.
Mark Wilde: John, I wondered if you or Carol would want to just comment on timing of the share repurchase, particularly the new program. Because you've just -- you have moved through that first program so much more rapidly than the targets you'd laid out last year.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Mark. I think this is a clear example of we embarked on something and we said, "Hey, we've got a great opportunity to provide cash back to our shareowners." We'd like to do it opportunistically. The key tenet is we prefer to buy the stock, obviously, at intrinsic value or below. And when we see a good opportunity to buy back stock, we've done so. We're continuing to generate strong cash, so we feel like it's an important part of our capital allocation strategy. And I think, looking backwards, you can see our actions. And getting the next $1.5 billion authorized is about being ready to continue to move in that direction. We're in a strong cash position, so we'll continue to work in this direction, and I think it's become an important part of International Paper's more strategic capital allocation program.
John V. Faraci: I would just emphasize what Carol said at the end. I mean, if you think about balanced use of cash and where we are with the balance sheet and our dividend, it's not policy, but we told the shareowners about the dividend, 30% to 40% of free cash flow, because taking share buybacks is part of the way IP deploys cash and returns cash to shareowners.
Mark Wilde: Okay. The follow-on I had was just around kind of bulk margins in Containerboard and Uncoated Free Sheet. On the Containerboard side, you talked a while back about $200 million in kind of further optimization in that business. Maybe you can give us an update on where you're at with that and what the timing is? And then also what the target would be for, ultimately, for margins in the North American Printing Paper business.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, this is Mark Sutton. On the Containerboard piece of that question, and then I'll turn it over to Tim on Printing Papers. We called it an optimization plan, and we never plan to report in the detail that we did on synergies, but we are making really good progress. If you think about the performance of the business in light of this sort of flattish environment that we've had for demand, a good bit of those results are internal improvements that are part of the optimization plan. We've seen a big step-up in our ability to get our converting operations ready to perform at their full capability, and I'll just give you a couple of examples. Once we put the newly acquired mills we got from Temple onto our common supply chain system, we're really able to take cost out of our supply chain on the freight and logistics side but also in the performance inside of our converting operations. So we are operating -- almost on a monthly basis, we're setting new best-evers for waste management and the throughput and other metrics we use to measure productivity, are now on a much steeper ramp of improvement. And a lot of that has to do with sort of running this large mill system in the most efficient way possible from a total delivered cost standpoint, not just a mill cost standpoint. So we're pleased with the progress against that $200 million. And not a lot of it was based on a great market, so the volume not materializing isn't really hurting us. It was based on running better and reducing cost in our mills. We've had one whole set of outages that we've done on the new mills, and we've implemented some of the changes. We've got to do another round of that to get some of the cost reduction projects fully implemented. And I think we'll be definitely on track to meet and probably exceed our optimization target. I'll turn it over to Tim.
Timothy S. Nicholls: On the Printing Papers side, it's probably difficult to forecast margins in a declining market. Having said that, we feel pretty good about where we are. We've got 2 specialty mills that we're still working on cost optimization opportunities as well as mix opportunities. And we've got 2 large commodity mills where we're doing the same thing. So there's -- the bulk of it's going to come from cost and mix, and we'll have to see what demand does. But clearly, with Courtland behind us, we move up to mid- to slightly above mid-teens, and then we'll have to see where that goes for 2015 as we look at market declines for the rest of the year. But there's still good opportunities around changing what runs through our mills and continuing to refine that. And there's very good opportunities on the cost side.
Operator: Our next question is from Debbie Jones from Deutsche Bank.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment on the 430,000 tons or so at Valliant that you could hypothetically bring back online, and kind of the decision-making process around that. And then like what the costs associated would be and the benefits that you would expect.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Debbie, this Mark. First of all on Valliant. We haven't made a decision on Valliant. We've talked about it on prior calls as a way to potentially optimize our capacity. And as I mentioned earlier, Valliant's a very valuable asset as we look at our overall business. We talked earlier on the call about the divestiture of 1 million tons of containerboard. We don't talk about it a whole lot, but our European and other international box businesses use over 2.5 million tons of containerboard, and that's part of that global channel selection I talked about. We've increased, over the last 4 years, by over 0.25 million tons our shipments from IP mills in the U.S. to our international box plants. There's more opportunity there. We still purchase over 1 million tons in the international market from third-party producers. We've also got grades inside of our Containerboard system that are very attractive, but they're not containerboard, and that business has grown. Most of those products go into the building materials market. And so when you look at all the moving parts, a machine like Valliant in a mill that's already running with an efficient use of fixed cost would be a potential winner for our system. So when and if we make a decision, we'll definitely come out and communicate it. But it's all wrapped around making the containerboard and some of these other specialty products that we need to serve our customers. So Valliant's an existing machine, as you know, so the cost to bring it back up is part getting things maintained and back in shape to run and then part the shutdown several years ago, and there's some cost efficiency that we can do if we were to start it up to run it at a lower cost, better energy usage and so forth. So stay tuned on that. We definitely are looking at Valliant, but not only Valliant. There's other opportunities we have in our system to continue to optimize it.
Deborah Jones - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up just relates to your -- what you referenced. I just was wondering if you could comment on the overall health of demand in the regions where you compete. And then I think there've been some pricing increases for containerboard, and whether or not you expect that to roll through on your corrugated box pricing.
Mark Stephan Sutton: So on regional corrugated box demand, I think we made some earlier comments. I think John mentioned the European business. We're outperforming the market in our European business, which, again, is Western European kind of industrial markets and then the Mediterranean region for agricultural markets. And we're seeing slightly better demand in that region for the market, and we're doing a little bit better than that. There has been some price announcements and movements on recycled linerboard in Europe. That's still yet to be determined. Some of those were just announced. But overall, we've seen stable pricing. Some isolated cases of prices moving up and down in a specific country or a specific region, and that tends to be directly related to, more or less, supply showing up at any moment in time. But overall, I'd say demand in our global regions -- I think Tom mentioned what's happening in Asia, growth, but not quite as much as we had seen in the past. And Tim talked about Orsa. But stable demand in most of the regions, and pricing is relatively stable. So Corrugated Packaging business is, obviously, one we like, and we're looking forward to seeing further improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson from KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Carol, just one more follow-up on the MLP issue. Setting aside the other issues you discussed, which I know are important, which you can't practically set aside, do you have a view regarding the multiple uplift that would come from dropping some of your virgin mills into an MLP structure? And whether the MLP multiple premium, over your current multiple that exists today, is likely to persist for years into the future?
Carol L. Roberts: So as we think about what really is a multiple expansion, it really has to be something underneath that's value-creating, that changes the value of the business. And the one that is clear is the tax advantage, if you can capture it and hold it and you don't lose it in some other way. So clearly, in a partnership arrangement, it's a pass-through, so you eliminate one level of taxation. But that's a price that's specific, that you can quantify. Once again, the key issue is, is can you maintain that price and not lose it to other complexities or other places that, that price is lost? Outside of that, I probably wouldn't comment on relative to multiple or margin -- or multiple expansion in the rest of the business.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. No, sure. And Mark, just one on containerboard export markets. I know you were just talking about Europe specifically, but can you characterize the state of the export markets? And are they appreciably different than they were 3 months, 6 months, 9 months ago?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I would say not appreciably different. There is -- we have seen some additional supply, mostly from the U.S., in some markets, which is not uncommon. And I think we've mentioned it before, probably related to a little bit of the capacity start-ups. But other than that, we see pretty stable markets. Most of what we export is kraft liner, and those segments have done most of the switching between recycle and virgin that they can do. So they tend to buy because they need it. And so not a big, significant difference in any of those time increments you mentioned.
John V. Faraci: Let me wrap up here. We had a solid quarter. We feel good about the quarter. We think of success as a journey at International Paper. We're far from done. We're generating strong, sustainable free cash flow. And I think, importantly, for all of our shareowners, we're deploying that cash in a way to maximize shareowner value. And as I said before with the Q&A, all-in as we look to the future, we like what's ahead. We're ready for both the opportunities and the challenges. So thank you.
Jay Royalty: So thanks, John, and thanks, again, to all of you for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call, and our phone numbers are on Slide 20 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call. All lines may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers - The America's Region Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia
Analysts: Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the International Paper's First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Wanda, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, given our expanded disclosure around our Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody. As we usually do, over the next 15 to 20 minutes, Carol Roberts and I will review our first quarter 2004 (sic) [2014] results and the performance of our individual businesses, then we'll speak to our outlook and we'll open it up to the Q&A session. So let me just start off. International Paper delivered solid operating earnings despite the unusual combination of multiple severe weather events, particularly in the Midwest and Southeast, where a big portion of our mills, box plants and customers are concentrated. The earnings impact due to the weather, which fortunately is now behind us, was $60 million in the quarter. Quarter-over-quarter, we also experienced, and this is the positive part, higher prices in many of our global businesses, including Printing Papers in North America, Consumer Packaging, Industrial Packaging in North America, as well as the Paper business in Latin America, particularly Brazil. Despite the significant weather impact, we had strong results in our North American Industrial Packaging business, with operating earnings at record levels for the first quarter. We also successfully executed $120 million of mill outages at 13 mills and completed the Courtland closure, and our transitioning activities are progressing. We've entered the final stages of the Courtland closure but not all the costs are behind us but a big chunk of them are. We made a lot of progress on the xpedx spin/merge with Unisource, and we expect to close that transaction around the middle of the year. I'm also pleased to report that the Ilim Joint Venture had a solid quarter operationally, almost 2x, almost double the level of the fourth quarter, driven by the ramp-up of the projects, which involved higher volumes, improved productivity, better quality and lower costs. We also got some pulp price increases. These gains, however, were masked by a negative $0.10 noncash charge associated with the devaluation of the ruble during the quarter against the joint venture's U.S. dollar denominated debt. I think the progress on the Ilim ramp-up just underscores International Paper's capability to operate and run global businesses that are in our core business space. And finally, we continue to make progress with our share buyback program in the quarter, and I'll discuss those results a little later on the call. So continuing with our financial results, EBITDA was $920 million for the quarter, down slightly from last year. But remember, weather was $60 million of that. We also had $40 million of cash costs associated with the Courtland closure. Free cash flow was $254 million. But I think to really compare that to the first quarter of $300 million last year, you need to do 2 things: take the weather impact of $60 million, the $40 million cash costs for Courtland and the $60 million higher CapEx that we had in the first quarter that's planned, and our underlying free cash flow was closer to $380 million, but we showed $250 million here for those other 3 reasons. So let me turn it over to Carol Roberts now to talk about the business performance.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Looking at the sequential EPS bridge, IP earned $0.61 per share in the first quarter versus $0.83 in the fourth quarter. As you can see, on the bridge, the $60 million weather impact is on the far right. And as you think about that impact, it's about 50% operational disruption with higher costs associated with that, 25% lost volume and 25% higher input costs in the quarter. Outside of the weather impact, as John mentioned, we experienced favorable pricing. We did see seasonally weaker volume, we had good operation, and the impact of the heavier maintenance outages hit us in this quarter. Additionally, we saw other increased input costs, a negative swing on corporate due to the non-repeat of the favorable item from the fourth quarter and the net unfavorable change in equity earnings at Ilim due to the noncash FX impact, as John described earlier. I think it's important, turning to the next slide, to put a little context around our results for the first quarter of '14 versus the first quarter of '13. When you compare our year-over-year results, the first quarter of '14 was a strong quarter, considering we had the impact of the weather, a higher tax rate and the unfavorable noncash Ilim FX impact of $0.08. And additionally, if you look into the ops line, $0.05 of the year-over-year impact was attributable to the Courtland shutdown cost. So when you put all that together, those items represent $0.32 per share headwind in the quarter year-over-year. Turning to the next slide. This shows our quarter-over-quarter global input costs impact. As you can see, we experienced significant headwinds, largely driven by the extreme weather condition across much of the U.S. This drove energy costs much higher. And those costs, although seasonally improving, will remain relatively high as we work through the second quarter. We do anticipate that the gas market is going to [ph] albeit slowly due to the current pretty low level of gas inventories that exist right now. We experienced seasonal wood cost increases as well. In addition to the weather impact, our wood costs are currently being unfavorably impacted by competition for fiber from OSB plant start-ups and some new export pallet facility. Although we do expect some improvement in North America wood costs throughout the year, we do expect the wood demand environment to remain under some pressure over the next couple of quarters. Now turning to the businesses on Slide 10. Let me talk about Industrial Packaging. As John mentioned, the Industrial Packaging business had a strong quarter, driven by increased prices, favorable mix and stronger sequential volume in North America. Our year-over-year box volume was down about 2% on a per day basis, and this is roughly in line with the industry. Outside of the weather impact, the operations performed well and the business successfully executed $69 million of outages. Wood and seasonally higher energy costs were partially offset by favorable OCC costs. In addition to our planned maintenance outages, the business did take 60,000 tons of market-related downtime in the quarter, as we continue to match our supply with our customers' demand. Looking at the EBITDA margins in North American Industrial Packaging on Slide 11. The business continues to generate the best margins in the industry, and Mark Sutton and his team are actively working initiatives across the business, which will drive further margin expansion over time. Before leaving Industrial Packaging, I wanted to touch on what we're seeing on the demand front through April. As you can see on this slide, month-to-date, April '14 shipments are up about 3% from the first quarter level and, importantly, are up 2% versus April of '13. While this comparison only considers what we've seen so far this quarter, there's no doubt that demand has certainly picked up from the Q1 level and particularly has picked up from the March level. This is from the recovery -- from the weather, of course, but also as we move into a seasonally stronger time of year. Moving on to Consumer Packaging on Slide 13. We exited the quarter with price momentum as we continue to implement our recently announced increases. I have to note for this quarter, volume was constrained by a 5-year coal mill outage in Augusta. We did see sequentially softer demand around Chinese New Year in our Sun JV, and we had a significant outage, a positive outage, at our coated paperboard machine at our Kwidzyn, Poland mill as we did a significant capital project to enhance our product quality. Other significant factors impacting Brazil were escalating input costs, disruptions due to the severe weather and just consistency of our manufacturing operations. In the other category, which shows up on the bridge, that's primarily FX and driven by the weakening currency in China. I think it's important for our Consumer Packaging business to highlight a lot of the positive momentum that may be masked in the previous bridge. That's going to result in the business having improved earnings in the second half of the year and beyond. It's important to note that 85% of our mill outages in the U.S. business will take place in the first 5 months of the year. We know that North American SBS backlogs remain strong at 5 weeks, and we anticipate that will continue given the high outage schedule that I just mentioned. We saw record cup demand in the Q1 despite January and February's weather in much of the U.S. And we expect full realization of the announced price increases in both our Coated Paperboard and Foodservice grade in this business. Real good news is we're continuing to see the positive momentum in the shift from foam to paper cups, and that's going to benefit both our Coated Paperboard and Foodservice businesses. To ensure that we have the capacity to take advantage of this growing demand, we recently announced the expansion of our Kenton, Ohio facility, which we will complete by mid-next year. And finally, which is very exciting, is we recently very successfully completed a significant capital project to our Bleached Board machine in Kwidzyn, Poland, and we will realize the benefits from enhanced product quality and expanded margin, as we ramp up and bring this new product to market over the next year. On Slide 15, let me move on to Printing Papers. In Printing Papers, we saw price improvement in North America and Brazil, along with mix improvement as we exited lower-price positions as part of the Courtland transition. But these were more than offset by lower volumes in North America, Brazil and Europe. The North American volumes were lower, of course, due to the Courtland shutdown. And for Brazil, the first quarter is just a seasonally slower quarter. I'd want to note that volume and mix were adversely impacted by a slowing Russian economy. And consequently there, we saw an increase in our export shipment. We do expect this trend to continue into the second quarter. The higher costs that show up on the bridge are essentially result of the Courtland shutdown. Higher inputs, namely wood and energy, unfavorable FX in Brazil and weather, were also negative to the quarter. We realized $36 per ton in price improvement across all the grades in North American paper, and that's slightly ahead of expectations on a weighted average basis as that first price increase was applied to about 75% to 80% of our mix. Turning specifically to an update on the Courtland shutdown on Slide 16. Things are progressing well, and we're entering the final stages of the shutdown and transition. All production was ceased in the first quarter, and we're currently depleting all the transition inventory. Really important work on the qualification trials for the retained business is nearing completion. I want to take a moment on behalf of the entire senior leadership team at the company to thank all our colleagues at the Courtland mill and across the North American Printing Papers business who've been involved with this really massive undertaking for a tough job that was done very well. I'm happy to report that a significant number of our Courtland colleagues have found employment opportunities. Many of which were in other International Paper facilities, where we had openings and opportunities. As we've talked about over the last couple of quarters, we are incurring closure and transition costs as part of this initiative. The impact on operating results in the first quarter was close to $30 million. We expect costs in the second quarter to be about half that, and then there will be some residual and transition costs that flow into the third and fourth quarters, and they'll be in the range of about $5 million to $10 million per quarter. Moving on to distribution. Distribution did experience a challenging quarter as supply chain disruption due to the weather challenges certainly impacted operations and revenue. Lower costs did help our margin, but these benefits were more than offset by the weaker sales. And as John mentioned, we're making very good progress with the activities related to completing the spin/merge transaction with Unisource. Moving on to the Ilim Joint Venture. As John mentioned, the Ilim Joint Venture had a very solid quarter of progress, with $115 million of operational EBITDA, and that improvement was driven by better operations, better productivity, which led to higher volume, and increased pulp prices. On IP's equity earnings though, we were negatively impacted by the weakening ruble during the quarter and the resulting noncash FX impact on the JV's U.S. denominated debt. The JV saw its operational EBITDA, as John said, increase by $54 million in the first quarter, and that just shows the very significant progress we're making on the ramp-up of our projects. While the JV expect operational performance to continue to improve, we have seen some decline in pulp prices from first quarter levels, and that will modestly impact second quarter results unfavorably. And while the Russian economy has slowed considerably, that will impact our Paper business to the West. It is important to note that all of -- much of our production, a majority of our production in the East is destined for China, and the China pulp demand for this business remains strong. Turning to Slide 19. I wanted to take a moment to give you an update on the 2 significant capital projects at the Ilim JV. On the left is the Bratsk mill and on the right is the Koryazhma mill that houses PM-7 that we've started up. The bar graphs represent the recent production ramp-up trends for each. So if I look at Bratsk, you can see that production continues to ramp up. And to put a number on this, we're showing that representing 30% increase in output from the fourth quarter of '13 to our outlook for the second quarter of '14. And the JV expects to achieve full production targets on the new fiber line by year end. In the case of the paper machine at Koryazhma, the machine actually achieved full production and qualification on our uncoated freesheet grades in March. So great progress at the JV and more to come as the year unfolds. So before turning it back to John, let me move to Slide 20 and give you an outlook into the second quarter. I want to note that at the bottom, we added a line on the chart to account for the first quarter weather impact, which is $60 million across our North American business. And remember, this includes some volume, the operational impacts and the input costs escalation that occurred in the first quarter. Outside of that broad weather impact, which included the items I just mentioned, we expect volume to increase in North American Industrial Packaging by an incremental 1.5% to 2.5%. Volume should also modestly improve the North American Consumer Packaging and in Brazil packaging. Given the economic slowdown in Russia, we do expect some modest unfavorable volume and price/mix impacts for the Paper business in that part of the world. Paper pricing/mix will continue to improve in North America and to some extent in Brazil. We should also see the benefit of higher pricing in fluff pulp. We will see some favorable pricing in North American Consumer Packaging as we implement our announced price increase. With the increase in volume in North American Industrial Packaging that comes from a ramp-up of some of the consumer packaged goods companies, we could and will likely see some modest offset as our customer mix normalize. And we do expect to see improvement in prices in our Brazil Packaging business. Operations should continue to perform solidly, and we'll see the benefit of lower shutdown costs at Courtland, as I mentioned earlier. Outside of the weather, we expect overall input costs to be relatively stable with some puts and takes, with some pressure on wood prices, a slight headwind in our European business. The second quarter is our heaviest maintenance outage quarter, with outage costs up $60 million versus the first quarter. And finally, on the Ilim JV, we expect solid operational performance to continue. However, pulp prices are -- declined slightly from the first quarter, and we do have some planned maintenance outage in the quarter. As always, for the purposes of this exercise, we're assuming no change in FX, so a non-recurrence of that impact that we saw in the first quarter is planned for the second. So with that as an outlook for the second quarter, John, let me turn it back to you.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol, and I'm on, I believe, Slide 21. Let me just summarize the major puts and takes as we move to the second quarter. Severe weather is behind us, and we've moved on. We see in April increased volume, particularly in our Industrial Packaging business. We think that's both seasonal improvement but also related to some economic activity, which is a good sign. Price realization in boxes is solid and with year-over-year sequential box volume up. We've got a number of pricing initiatives underway in coated paperboard, fluff pulp, North American paper, and we expect to see those benefits in the second quarter, balance of the year. The Courtland shutdown, as both Carol and I talked about, is nearly complete and the costs will be coming down, but we still got some costs with us. We're going to experience our heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year, up $60 million from Q1. Our tax rate should be up from first quarter levels to roughly 32% for the year, assuming no major changes. But if extenders get passed, that will be lower. Interest expense benefit we had in the first quarter won't repeat. But all-in, we expect a stronger earnings quarter ahead of this Q2. Let me shift gears here for a minute to step back and comment about what IP is doing with our cash. Previously, we talked about IP as a cash flow story. We're running our businesses well, generating higher levels of sustainable free cash flow. We're consistently generating returns for the company above our cost of capital. We work hard to strengthen the balance sheet. We've got $2.5 billion of debt since early 2012, and we met our leverage targets. We've returned more cash to shareholders, increasing the dividend in each of the last 2 fourth quarters, as you see here on this slide. And we've been executing our share buyback authorization since initiating that last September. Simply put, we've done what we said we would do. In terms of the dividend, you can see the recent history where we've made meaningful increases over the last couple of years. We've increased the dividend by more than 33% since outlining our plan in mid-2012, moving the dividend from $1.05 per share to $1.20 in the fourth quarter 2012, then to a $1.40 in the fourth quarter 2013. Very clear, we're saying we think there's more dividend runway ahead, and we continue to increase dividend as free cash flow grows, periodically, systematically, thoughtfully, and importantly, sustainably. Our target of 30% to 40% in free cash flow reflects really a trough-tested analysis of -- that we did because we intend, whatever level we get the dividend to, to make it sustainable. And that 30% to 40% of our free cash flow, which we outlined to many of you at Investor Day a couple of years ago really has dividend potential to grow the dividend to $1.60 to $2 a share. A quick update on the share buyback program. We've continued to be in the marketplace. Since our fourth quarter call, we've purchased over $460 million of stock since our call on February 4 at an average price of roughly $46. This brings total authorization -- total purchases within our $1.5 billion authorization to nearly $1 billion in less than 8 months. And as I said before, with this authorization, we continue to take advantage of the opportunity to buy back larger amounts of stock when the price is attractive relative to our view of intrinsic value. So let me just wrap up by concluding, what makes IP different. I'm not going to read this final slide here, but I think it highlights what IP does that does make IP different and enables us to generate strong free cash flow in today's economic environment, and at the same time, earn above cost of capital returns. The economy is improving, albeit slowly, and that's going to help everybody. But the good news for International Paper and our shareowners is that we have plenty of things to work on that will provide upside from where we sit today, both in North America and in key markets around the globe. So with that, I'd be happy to take your questions. Open it up right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: It's good to see volumes in containerboard bounce back in April. What are you expecting for volume growth for the balance of the year?
John V. Faraci: In containerboard?
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's right, in containerboard.
John V. Faraci: Mark, do you want to take that?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. Philip, we started this year thinking we'll be looking at about a 1% demand environment in box, and that's just using our analysis around nondurable goods production. Of course, the first quarter didn't start out that way. But with a more normal trend of economic activity, that's still a number, we think, is achievable for the balance of the year, but it will all depend, really, and all driven by production in non-durable goods in the U.S. But April is only 1 month in the quarter, but we are seeing some underlying positive trends in customers and segments that really took a beating in the first quarter.
John V. Faraci: When I saw the GDP numbers that came out this morning for the first quarter, I wasn't surprised by what our box demand was. We were down 2 and GDP was basically flat.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And then based on your demand outlook, how do you feel about inventory? And do you guys need to take any economic downtime going forward?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, we don't forecast the economic downtime given the cycle of the business, but our inventories are in pretty good shape. You noticed this is one of the first first quarters in the last couple of years that we weren't talking about a lot of supply chain costs and disruptions in the first quarter, largely related to our inventory position. So we feel good about our inventories. We're going to, obviously, make the containerboard we need to serve the 3 channels that we're in: our Box business that IP owns and runs first and then our domestic open market and exports. So I think we'll balance what we need in production. We've got a large, flexible system, and I think lack of supply chain issues indicate we've got a pretty healthy quantity of inventory, and the quality of our inventory is in good shape.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. And just let me sneak one more in for Carol. The potential dividend target you guys outlined, how quickly can we get to that midpoint? Is that a 2014 event? Is that more of a '14 or 2015 event?
Carol L. Roberts: Philip, we've said that as we watch the free cash flow of the company improve and we watch the business results come in, we'll evaluate it. I would say that you've seen us raise it in the fourth quarter of '12 and the fourth quarter of '13. So that's been the fact pattern so far.
John V. Faraci: Think incremental and periodic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: One on OCC. John, obviously many people have talked about their expectation that OCC prices would -- are biased upward over the long-term. But obviously, that hasn't happened over the past couple of years. Has there been anything over the past couple of years that you consider anomalous, such that OCC should go up from here? And how much depends on China?
John V. Faraci: Well, a lot depends on China. And at the end of the day, China on the pulp side, China is 100% of the world's incremental demand. And you could make an argument, it's probably pretty close to that in terms of incremental OCC demand. There's no question, China is going to elect more of their own OCC because their domestic box -- their box business to domestic market is growing as opposed to box business for export. But remember, China is close to a $50 million ton market. So if it's growing at 4% a year, that's 2 million tons a year, and China is fiber short. So it's almost -- it's hard to come to a conclusion. OCC prices don't trend up over time, with the biggest box market in the world being basically fiber short and recycled linerboard driven.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one on the additional capacity in containerboard. How would you characterize the impact so far of the converted newsprint machines and of the new mills? And what do you expect the impact to be of the capacity that's been announced that has yet to hit the market but will do so later this year and into next year?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Adam, this is Mark Sutton. On the new capacity that's actually running, our view is the products that are being made are not all the same. They have different end uses. And in our own experience, given we're largely integrated and we export twice as much containerboard as we sell domestically, the impact directly to us has been pretty minimal. However, I think there are secondary impacts in the export market. If our market grows, as we expect it to, modestly, there should be a market to support some capacity additions. It's hard to tell how that's going to play out in the future given the range of quality that -- and capability of these products, but we're keeping an eye on it. It's hard, real hard to speculate on capacity that's being talked about but not yet here. So we're just monitoring that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of quickies. First of all, on Ilim, just to try and calibrate the model, absent the FX hit, should we see kind of low double-digit contribution, perhaps even low teens in the first quarter?
John V. Faraci: In terms of EPS?
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes. Well, in terms of the line item swinging from, I think, a loss of $31 million back towards $10 million to $15 million positive?
Carol L. Roberts: I think the way to look at that would be to take the FX out and that operational EBITDA that we mentioned of the $115 million. While we see good momentum on the production of the 2 projects in the mills, we see a little pressure on pulp pricing. And we have an outage that we'll take at the end of the quarter. So I would expect that we would see operational EBITDA to be down a bit from that first quarter level.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And I recognized that the sanctions are against individuals in Russia as opposed to corporations. Are you concerned? Or do you have any contingency plans if things get worse?
John V. Faraci: Well, at this point in time, Steve, business conditions aren't worse as it relates to what's going on in the Ukraine. Actually, the weakening ruble is helping us in our competitive position because we have so much pulp we export to China. And as paper -- the Russian economy was slowing going into the fourth quarter. There's no question, it slowed a little more because of what's going on in Eastern Europe and in the Ukraine but the weaker ruble is also helping us on our paper exports because of the ramp-up of that paper machine in Ilim combined with the paper machine we have in IP Russia. We're exporting more paper out of Russia, and the market and the currency is helping us. We've got contingency plans. We've taken on quite a bit of debt to fund those products, but not all of that is long-term debt, and we have good contingency plans in place to roll over that debt regardless of what happens in the financial market. So like every other business, we're watching the situation closely. And with people on the ground over there, we're getting input from people on the ground as to what's happening and also kind of following the news here.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. And just on the containerboard inventories, every company seems to be comfortable with their levels. Yet collectively, they seem kind of high. Should we recalibrate our concern threshold?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think that's possible. I think when you look at the way that you can really leverage a well-run supply chain in these containerboard systems, and I only know ours. Managing to some arbitrary numbered inventory can actually cost you a lot more money. So I think that's something we are looking at, what's the best inventory for what we need. And then again, I've mentioned this before, not only is our demand seasonal, but our capacity is seasonal, largely through our maintenance outages. So that's not exactly the same every year. So we've got to prepare through inventories to get through maintenance outages.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the last call, I think you guided to 10% improvement and full year EBITDA and free cash flow of roughly $2 billion. And apologies if I missed this, but is that still intact given the weather hit that you experienced in 1Q? Or are there kind of big moving pieces that impact that guidance as we're 1 quarter through the year?
John V. Faraci: Well, we said approximately -- we said a significant improvement in EBITDA, approximately 10%. There's no question we're starting off with a $60 million hole. But we still see the year's shaping up with strong free cash flow and a meaningful improvement in EBITDA. And we've got some tailwinds we can create and I think if we continue to see the April box data as beginning of a trend, that's a positive sign. So we've got no reason at this point to change what we said on that last call.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just shifting gears to Brazil. In the quarter, you increased your stake in Orsa and market conditions in Brazil have been a little bit soft. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the progress that you've seen internally at Orsa, the expected growth in margins that you hope to achieve in 2014, 2015 and just generally the market conditions there. There's been some talk about maybe power rationing, is that something that potentially could impact you or your customers? Or any thoughts you have there?
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's Tim. Well, just -- let's start with the last piece on energy. Energy costs are up, primarily because the -- Brazil, the whole country, is living through, for the industrialized parts, pretty significant drought at the moment. So we're taking steps to mitigate any risk we might have around operational performance both on the paper side and the packaging side. But we don't know what the weather is going to do, so it's kind of a week-by-week situation. In terms of Orsa, we had a disappointing quarter. Volume was lighter than we expected it to be. The good news is it was isolated around a handful of customers that are experiencing their own challenges in the market. We've taken steps and are taking steps to replace that volume. And we saw a continuation of OCC going up. So margins are not where we want it to be in the first quarter, which includes December through the February period because we report on a 1-month lag. The good news is that's the seasonally weakest quarter of the year, and we're expecting a significant improvement in results as we go into the second quarter. So we don't forecast earnings. But I've stated before, we think we can get the business into the mid-20s for EBITDA margins, and I still think that's true.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on North American paper price realizations. I think, Carol, you mentioned $36 a ton on your commentary. I'm just taking a look at Slide 43 in your deck, and there's a $56 a ton quarter-over-quarter change. Just wondering which ones -- which one is which. Or is there a difference between the 2.
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's Tim again. Actually, they're both correct. On the slide that you're looking at, we did average to average realize $56 a ton. We think about $20 of that was mix. And so when we look at the first price increase across all of our tonnage, you have to keep in mind that the announced price increase from the fall was only about -- on about 75% to 80% of our volume. And we think we've got a fairly normal realization on that. So it was $36 average to average. We actually exited the quarter $3 or $4 above that. So we felt pretty good about how we wrapped up the first price increase.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So essentially, that $36 of the first price increase and then the extra $20 comes from your mix?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Right. We've got $36 average to average. We actually exited in the quarter $3 to $4 above that. So probably $39, $40 a ton across all the tons.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just over on Bratsk. I mean, I like the 30% improvement from Q4 to forecasted Q2 '14. But what's the current operating rate? Or what was the operating rate for Bratsk in Q1 of '14?
John V. Faraci: We came out on the new pulp line at about 1,400 tons a day, which is about 70% of capacity. And the -- Carol talked about the outage we have coming into second quarter -- late second quarter will enable us to take the next big step and get that closer to design levels, as we go into third and fourth quarters.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: What's the current bottleneck at that mill?
John V. Faraci: Pardon me?
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: What's the current bottleneck or where is the...
John V. Faraci: We've got a couple of cases to make on equipment. There's no major bottleneck, like with any biggest softwood pulp line in the world, biggest continuous digester and we've got to go and do some not significant modification, the vendor is going to do for us. Don't worry about the Bratsk because we can sell all we can make.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, in the U.S. Containerboard business in the first quarter, your volumes were down 2%, the industry was flat, if I'm comparing apples-to-apples. And I think we had talked about in previous quarters that your volume should be more consistent with the industry numbers going forward. So maybe just for the first quarter, can you talk about what was different for you versus the industry? And then going forward, how do you see your performance versus the industry in the volume side?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Alex, this is Mark. The industry was actually down about 1.6%. We were down 2%. So we were roughly in line with the industry on a comparable basis. And we still believe, and we stated this before, we should and we plan to try to grow with the market. That's the type of customers we have, the segments we participate in with a broad-based business. And our expectation is, over the long term, to grow at the market rate. And we were relatively close to that in the first quarter. We've narrowed the gap. From about 1.5 year ago, we were as much as 300 to 400 basis points behind the market. We talked about why and we've consistently narrowed that gap to the point where we're very close now.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So my mistake, the 2% was on a per day basis, that absolute. Okay, that clears it up. And then on the optimization in containerboard in the U.S., we talked about previously, I think, a potential $100 million per year over the next couple of years. Can you just update us how you guys perform in the first quarter? I'm assuming it was probably challenging given the weather. And sort of how do you see yourself being able to perform relative to the $100 million target as we move through 2014?
Mark Stephan Sutton: We -- you're right, it was challenging in the first quarter. A lot of the optimization items we've highlighted are internal improvements, not really market improvements. And that is in supply chain and how we run our manufacturing operations. There's a couple areas I'd point to. John mentioned one of them, I think, earlier. In our converting facilities, in our Box business, we ran very well. We not only had a record first quarter in earnings but we had a best-ever performance in waste, the performance in our converting operations. And our supply chain across a number of metrics, how we use transportation, how we spend money, moving our product from our mills to our box plants, making sure we're making product in the right mill for the right end location, all improved in the quarter. So I think we made a good step. Obviously, the interruptions in the first part of the quarter made it more difficult.
John V. Faraci: I think the optimization is we're driving a racecar on the track, and the more laps we get around the track, the better the racecar gets. And that's really what optimizing the business is all about. It's a brand-new business for us, 3x the size it was 5 years ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to dig into your comments a little bit on the April containerboard volumes. You mentioned some pickup in underlying customers and end markets. Can you talk about a little bit more specifically what types of customers are we talking about? And which end markets you're seeing recovery in?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I would say, in general, given the month is just ending today, I think 2 things, I would say. In customers, it's broad based, but it's mostly in the customers that were most impacted in the first quarter. So you would think about the large consumer packaged goods companies that took maybe a disproportionate hit based on the type of products they sell and where they're located. And then I would say, geographically, we're seeing a broad-based improvement from March, especially. No single place. A lot of what we're seeing is with existing customers. Obviously, you don't win business in a 30-day period, necessarily. So a lot of it is with existing customers that we were off with in the first quarter, and we're regaining with those customers. But I would say across the board, segment and geography.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then within Industrial Packaging, you noted on Slide 38 that European container was actually up 2% year-over-year. Looks pretty strong to me. But how is that versus your expectations? Are you seeing some acceleration in the economy over there? What is sort of the underlying trends there?
John V. Faraci: Think of our European Box business having 2 pieces. There's Turkey and Morocco. Both countries are -- had good volume growth. Morocco was the strongest country in the European Box portfolio last year, principally driven by fruit and vegetable exports to Europe. And then we get to, France, Italy, Spain business. And frankly, volumes, and I think consistent with Western Europe coming out of a slump later than the U.S. did, is starting to -- I wouldn't say is sharply growing, but it's coming back to life. And so we're seeing some better box activity, particularly in the industrial segments. And so our box volume was up 4% quarter-over-quarter. We expect it to have a rebound year-over-year, and good news is we're seeing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Just, I guess, question for Tim on just the Uncoated Freesheet business, how -- in North America, how you're feeling about the second price hike at this juncture. And any concern with some of the import -- additional import activity at Staples at this point?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, to be honest, we've lost a little bit of position due to imports on cut size. We'll see how long that holds up. There's a few things you need to know about imports, at least the way we think about it. First, they fluctuate dramatically over various periods of time and it's really driven by FX and by supply chain logistics costs. There's a pretty long pipeline to supply from 1 region of the world to another and not without disruption. But the other thing on imports, even though we've seen significant growth coming into North America in the first quarter, our belief is not all of that is staying in North America. Because of the way the reporting is done, we see it coming in. You don't see it going back out. And we believe that a portion of what's come in has come in for the purpose of redistribution back out to Central and South America. So we don't think it's to the degree that the reported numbers state. In terms of the business going forward, it's difficult to predict demand. But first quarter was no doubt soft, especially in the January time frame, and we think in part due to weather. So the good news was that it improved all the way through the quarter, and we exited March from a demand standpoint to a better place than we started for sure, and April looks okay so far.
John V. Faraci: With Mark on the work, we're not using a lot of copy [ph] paper.
Mark Stephan Sutton: No.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And I think the volumes you indicated were down, I think, 19% overall. Can you give us a sense or flavor sort of how that parsed out domestically versus exports? I imagine export was significantly a big driver of that. And then in addition, I know part of the strategy with Courtland was to improve the mix, and sort of where you are on that. You mentioned the transitional costs there. But are we still very early in the process for mix improvement in that business that we should see improvement in the coming quarters as well?
Timothy S. Nicholls: As we talked about just a minute ago, we realized $56 per ton of average price realization and incremental increase in price quarter-to-quarter. And about $20 of that, we think, was mix. So it's not a precise science, but we think that's a good number. What was the other part of your question? I'm sorry.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: I was just wondering if that -- if there's additional mix improvement that we should see beyond just what we saw in the first quarter?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, some of the mix improvement would be driven by seasonality. So there could be some, especially as we get into the stronger season of Q2 and in latter summer and the first part of the fourth quarter. The August, September, October time frame is generally a strong seasonal period as well. And some of the cut size promotions that we have run around either tax season or back-to-school. So I'd say what you should take away from it is, we feel like we're on track to the mix improvement that we wanted to get.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe going back to OCC question, given that it's driven by China, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your Chinese Box business? And also, I guess, as someone who buys a fair amount of board in China, when you look at the quality of the board you're buying, do you have any sense if there's been a change in the mix of where OCC in China is coming from, more domestic, et cetera?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Gail, it's Tom Kadien. I guess, to the latter part, we buy probably a dozen different grades of different kinds of test liner. So we wouldn't see a change in the quality of what we're buying based on, I'll call it, the mix of domestic versus imported OCC. Now that said, the Chinese -- our view on it, the box demand was flat to down. Export kind of oriented Box business in China is off. If you look at the Chinese economic data, exports were down double digits in February. They were down high single digits in March. So the export-oriented Box business is down. Domestic is growing. But not fast enough to make up for the export. So it's a pretty soft market. Chinese New Year was pretty slow coming out of that, and the first quarter box demand was certainly not what we'd hope for. Now we have seen an improvement, I would say, in the month of April.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just, again, international box. Last quarter, you talked about perhaps a bit of a struggle to pass through price increases on board into box. With some of the recycle prices in Europe falling over, has that become kind of a nonevent and not even a question at this point? Or are you still expecting to get some box price improvement over there?
John V. Faraci: Well, there's been some slippage in board prices, and that's helping us on our, we call, delta P. But it's still very competitive market in the marketplace for boxes. So we haven't gotten a much price lift at all, but we are getting some relief on the buy side because we're a net buyer of all of our board over there. And some of it does come from the U.S. on the virgin side.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And if I can maybe just throw in one last quick one, staying on international boxes, just the overall export market for your U.S. board.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Gail, the U.S. board that we export, I would say that I characterize the market on volume as stable. And we are not seeing any significant changes in the demand pattern in the major markets that we serve, including the board that goes through our own IP box plants.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And pricing?
John V. Faraci: Pricing, I'd say, is also stable. It will show in the data chart down quarter-over-quarter, but that's partly because of the way we entered the fourth quarter. But we've seen some recovery in isolated markets. But overall, I'd say it's a stable environment for the board we export, which is kraft linerboard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Looking at the uncoated freesheet situation. I know in the past, sometimes when we see a price increase announced, we wouldn't actually see the full amount, maybe it was sort of some customers will pay the full amount, but some might not. And as we think about the second round of increases of $50 to $70, could you just clarify what percentage of your mix in North America or the U.S. is subject to that? And is it your intention to pretty much show the full amount eventually, I guess, by the third or fourth quarter?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Chip, it's Tim. It affects roughly 85% -- depending on how mix plays out, 85% to 90% of our volume. What I would say about the second increase, we've had all of the conversations for the most part that we need to have with customers and we've settled all of those discussions. So what you're going to see is price increase will play out through the second quarter. And there's probably going to be a little bit that bleeds over to the first part of the third. But I think we don't forecast price, so -- but that's how I see it playing out.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then as we -- shifting gears a little bit, when we look at sort of the containerboard market in North America -- well, the Box business, I'm sorry, in April, you mentioned that was up year-over-year after being down in the first quarter. And one of your competitors was sort of suggesting it might not be up for them. Do you think some of what you're seeing is share gain? Or maybe asked differently, could it also involve maybe some catch-up with the first quarter issues? Or do you think there might be something more underlying going on in the marketplace?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Chip, this is Mark. What I'd mentioned earlier is what we're seeing mainly in our business is rebounding with existing customers. In that short of a period of time, not a whole lot of business changes hands in terms of share. So it's really -- I think part of it a snapback and part of it underlying economic improvement. But the majority of what we see is in our existing customer base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Question on use of capital. In particular, given the last 5 or 6 years, it seems a lot of evidence, there's reduced volatility in your cash flows, much more stability. Does that incline you potentially to move to the top end of that 30% to 40% return through dividend range?
Carol L. Roberts: No. I think, Mark, that's an excellent point. We do view that our business is definitely less cyclical. And I think that view that it's less cyclical is also what's driven to the stable cash flows, the stable cash flows then lead to the dividend view of 30% to 40%. So I think they're all tied together. And I think, certainly, we feel that cash flow is sustainable and we feel that those targets are appropriate, and we'll just keep monitoring and pushing it. And I think John laid out a pretty clear number of that $1.60 to $2.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then on the same topic, you noted in the Slide 25, John spoke to, under the global -- it says leveraging global platform for profitable growth. And John, you also made an allusion to Ilim working out pretty well here and increased confidence in your ability to make core businesses successful overseas. Is that signaling a little increase in desire to seek out global growth? Or is it more kind of a reference to Orsa, the acquisition there? I'm just trying to read what -- whether there's a little bit of enhanced conviction on growing overseas or not?
John V. Faraci: Don't read anything into it, Mark, other than we're doing what we said we would do. And we spent $1.5 billion in Russia on big capital projects, not in our balance sheet, but on the Ilim balance sheet. And we're starting to deliver the results. I mean, we've gone through -- those projects are very complicated, very difficult, took longer than we thought. And we're going to start to see the benefits from those come through. And we'll get the same thing on Orsa. Tim said, we're a little bit behind there. But if we know anything, it's not around Industrial Packaging business, just about anywhere, and we'll get it right in Brazil.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I know we're late here. Two things: One on North America and then the other one on Orsa for Tim. In North American Industrial Packaging, if you look at the controllable factors, obviously the weather had an effect in your ability to analyze this. Where do you ultimately think you did better? Because from our vantage point, you had a very solid quarter versus our model. It sounded like it came more from converting relative to the mills. But could you confirm that? The related question, good managements that had a lot of experience in their businesses know how to adapt given market conditions. Certainly, you had a big curveball in terms of the weather. Were there any levers that you pulled in the first quarter that might have been pulled more in the second quarter from the optimization standpoint that means that sequentially or later in the year, you don't have quite the same pickup? And then a question for Tim, on Orsa, recognizing that you are confident in your ability to improve the margin to your target goal, what gives you the most conviction in getting that goal, Tim, in the next couple of years?
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, on the first part for North American Industrial Packaging, I think the way -- you're right, it's hard to analyze the quarter in terms of what went well or better than -- I'm not sure what was in the model, what went better than you might have expected. But your comment about converting, we definitely ran our Converting business very well, and we expected to as we've been optimizing and moving business around, and it's bearing fruit and on a number of fronts. On the cost side, on the service to customers, in both cases. And I think other than the early start to the quarter, where we did have some couple of our mills got into some freeze issues, we ran very well in our mill system, which is a big part of our optimization plan. It only takes a couple of our large mills to have a problem to kind of show you a poor average. But on a 17 mills or 16 mills in the U.S., we ran very well at most of them. So I think it was across mills and converting. As far as the levers on optimization, I wouldn't say we pulled anything in the first quarter that we took from another quarter. It was a lot of blocking and tackling and executing in the supply chain and how we run our mills from a reliability standpoint and in the choices we made relative to some of the action in response to what was happening on demand. And we took some economic downtime, and partly because of that demand environment not being where we thought it was. And we have a pretty sophisticated model of how to do that and do it at the lowest marginal cost. And we're getting better at that each quarter. And we're not done. We're still improving that process.
Timothy S. Nicholls: George, it's Tim. Just on Orsa around the conviction on the margins. As John said, we have a lot of experience around Industrial Packaging businesses, and we're taking full advantage of that and leveraging that know-how across the business. But just locally, it's a market we know, it's a market that we believe in long term, and we've got a lot of talent there. So getting the right talent in the right spots is a critical part of our success. Lastly, we like our customer base. We think we're aligned with a really good set of customers and have been for a long time. We had a couple of customers who struggled in their own markets in the first quarter, and they'll probably struggle as we go through part of this year. But overall, I think people, we've got a lot of cost improvement opportunities and we've got a great customer base.
John V. Faraci: I think we're done and just for me to say -- to wrap it up. We continue to see this year shaping up as a good one for International Paper with a meaningful improvement in EBITDA and with strong free cash flow. We look forward in giving you a further update on that when we report our second quarter results late July. Thank you.
Jay Royalty: So thanks, John, and thanks, again, to all of you for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call, and our phone numbers are on Slide 26 of the presentation. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers - The America's Region Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jay Royalty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jay Royalty: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter and 2013 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, given our expanded disclosure around our Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody and thanks for dialing in. Let me go over the format that we're going to follow this morning. First, I'll review our full year 2013 results. And then turn it over to Carol Roberts to speak to the fourth quarter. And she'll cover the performance of the individual businesses. Then we'll cover the first quarter, as well as the 2014 outlook. And as we usually do, we'll open up for your questions. So I'll start with the full year. For the full year, International Paper achieved record operating earnings of $1.4 billion, as well as record cash from operations of $3 billion, driven by margin expansion across many of our businesses. EBITDA increased from $3.7 billion in 2012 to $4.1 billion in 2013 and EBITDA margins across the enterprise increased by 80 basis points. This drove strong free cash flow of $1.8 billion, which enabled us to return $1 billion of value to shareowners through dividends and share buybacks and strengthen our already strong balance sheet by paying down an additional $650 million in debt. We had solid operational performance across our key businesses. Additionally, we saw good progress in the ramp-ups at Ilim by the end of the year. We'll talk about that a little bit more. For the full year, however, though, higher cost of the startups of the projects and the devaluation of the Russian ruble on the JV's U.S.-denominated debt significantly impact the joint venture's year-over-year results. We spent a good portion of last year working hard on the opportunity to spin and merge xpedx with Unisource. And as I think most of you know, last week, we announced that we signed a definitive agreement with Unisource and Bain Capital and expect to -- that deal to close this summer. We'll also talk more about that a bit later. So as we look back on 2013 for International Paper, I'm very pleased with our progress and the results, which did result in us exceeding our cost of capital for the fourth consecutive year. Moving to our financial snapshot. I'm now on Slide 6. Revenue was up 4%, despite, I'd say, a challenging economic environment around the world. EBIT was up $400 million year-over-year and EPS increased by 19% to $3.16 a share. And as you can see on the slide, we had a significant increase in free cash flow year-over-year, up $200 million from $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion. This next slide shows our history of return on invested capital. And as I said, this is the fourth year in a row of returns above our cost of capital. Turning to Slide 8. International Paper's cash flow story and our free cash flow of $1.8 billion continued a strong trend of free cash flow results since 2008. I think its evidence that the company's results are less cyclical than they've been historically. And as we look to the future, we remain confident in the sustainable nature of our strong free cash flow. We also believe we can continue to grow it over time. Carol is going to cover the fourth quarter, but I'd say that we finished the year in terms of very strong free cash flow, almost $600 million in the fourth quarter, which is a run rate well in excess of $2 billion. So turning to uses of cash, which we talk a lot about and all of you have an interest in. We've done what we said we would do. In 2013, we returned $1 billion to shareowners. In September, we increased the dividend for the second time since outlining our dividend policy in 2012. We also obtained authorization from our board to buy back $1.5 billion of stock. And as of yesterday, we purchased roughly $530 million of -- at an average price of just over $45 a share. We are taking advantage of the opportunity to buy back shares at prices we feel are below the intrinsic value of International Paper. And you can see the other major uses of cash that are consistent with our capital allocation strategy, which we shared with you. So with that as a summary of 2013, I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Turning to the balance sheet. I'm pleased to report that we've met our commitment to reduce our debt-to-EBITDA ratio below 3x by the end of 2013. As John mentioned, we paid down balance sheet debt by $650 million. And we also saw our pension gap come down by $1.9 billion, which was a combination of strong asset performance, as well as an 80 basis points increase in the discount rate by year end. We finished the year with a cash balance of $1.8 billion. So all of this puts us in very good shape from a balance sheet perspective for the foreseeable future. Going to the next slide, taking a look at the financial bridge from '12 to '13. As John mentioned, we made solid progress on several fronts. Most notably in pricing, and that was largely driven by our efforts in our North American Industrial Packaging business. Volume was down slightly, and that was mostly in our Industrial Packaging business. And as I talk later, you'll see that our Industrial Packaging volume was in line with industry performance for the fourth quarter. So we closed the gap that we have had for most of the year. Operations contributed very favorably to results. And the decision to rationalize capacity at both the #2 paper machine at Augusta and the Phase 1 of the Courtland shutdown was a headwind for the year of -- was $0.06. Input costs in aggregate were up a little over $200 million year-over-year. That was about as we expected, but the makeup was probably a little bit different because it was largely driven by increased fiber cost in the second half of the year. At Ilim, the cost of the project startups coupled with the noncash FX impact on the U.S. denominated debt negatively impacted EPS by $0.23. So all in, 2013 was a strong year of progress and results, and we exited the year with a lot of momentum that's going to carry us into 2014. Turning to the fourth quarter summary. As John mentioned, it was a very solid quarter, in which we generated our strongest free cash flow of the year with price improvements across all of our North American and Brazilian businesses. Our North American Industrial Packaging business delivered very strong results, finishing the year with industry-leading margins, and this was despite 2 less shipping days, seasonally lower demand that drove our decision to take 322,000 tons of downtime, of which 46,000 tons were maintenance related. The balance was taken to match our production to our customers' demand. A very positive note was that for the first time since acquiring Temple-Inland, as I mentioned, our year-over-year box comp was equal to the industry, closing the gap on volume performance that we had seen since the acquisition, due to business that we shut through that process. Overall, we saw a very encouraging demand trend from our customers through the fourth quarter. But as you know, we've had some very significant weather events in January, and this has impacted our ability to run and ship products. To date, this amounts to roughly 40,000 tons of lost production and customer demand through January and early February. But despite this setback, we do expect demand for the balance of the quarter to be consistent with the trend we saw in the fourth quarter. We made good progress on the shutdown of Courtland and the transition of products across our North American Printing Papers system, and we'll talk a little bit more about that. And the project at our Ilim JV continues to ramp up, but we did see seasonally higher input costs, as well as some FX headwinds that masked the progress for the quarter. Taking a look at the fourth quarter financial overview on Slide 13. We saw very good year-over-year improvement for the quarter really across the board, with EBITDA margins, as you can see, up 140 basis points. And all this culminated in very strong free cash flow for the quarter end and for the year. So looking at the fourth quarter year-over-year, IP earned $0.83 per share versus $0.69 in the prior year. Pricing was up, driven largely by Industrial Packaging. Overall, volume was flat, but the cost of the market-related downtime did negatively impact the quarter by $28 million. The rationalizations at Augusta and Courtland impacted the year-over-year results and input costs, mostly fiber, were up substantially. Ilim FX and ramp-up costs were slightly unfavorable as well. And tax was unfavorable in the quarter in a year-over-year basis, due to a very unusually low tax rate that we saw in the fourth quarter of '12. Interest rate -- our interest expense was favorable. And this was driven by a tax reserve reversal in the quarter, as well as lower interest expense, as we did pay down balance sheet debt throughout the year. Miscellaneous year-end corporate items were favorable. Moving on to Slide 15. Let me go down now and take you through the businesses. Starting with Industrial Packaging. In the fourth quarter of '13, we had a strong quarter, particularly considering the cost of the downtime that I mentioned that we chose to take to balance our system with 2 fewer shipping days and the seasonally lower demand that we see in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we took 276,000 tons of market-related downtime in the quarter, at a cost that we would estimate at about $35 million. On the positive, we captured the final benefits of the spring box price increase, where we saw prices up $9 per ton from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, as we expected. That brings year-over-year box prices up $82 per ton. As I mentioned, we closed the year-over-year volume gap on boxes, but we did ship less containerboard exports in the fourth quarter. Overall, our operations performed well. I would note that our EMEA Packaging results did fall short of our expectations, as we had hoped to realize about $10 million of margin relief through increased pricing in the face of increased board costs, but that did not materialize due to pretty competitive market conditions that continue to exist in our European business. Turning to Slide 16. I just want to take a minute and put in perspective and highlight the tremendous success that we've had in our North American Industrial Packaging business. Not only have we grown this business in scale over the last several years through the 2 strategic acquisitions, but we steadily expanded the margins along the way. And this has resulted in 2013 as a $2.6 billion EBITDA business with 22% EBITDA margins in the year. So a lot of progress, and the exciting thing is there's more to come. If I look on 17 in terms of the relative EBITDA margins in the North American Industrial Packaging business. Once again, we generated the best margins in industry despite the downtime associated with our actions to match our production to our customers' demand. The optimization opportunities that I referenced that we still have across this business coming off the 2 major acquisitions, just a really large systems, we believe, gives us further opportunity to expand our margins versus our key competitors. Moving away from Industrial Packaging to the Consumer Packaging business on Slide 18. You can see that pricing was up year-over-year, as additional realization of the summer SBS increase benefited earnings in the quarter. Volume increased as well, and which is a great new story, driven by the improved demand as evidenced by the backlog that improved. And that really held throughout the second half of '13 and, we believe, carry into '14. The quarter was impacted by 2 very large scheduled maintenance outages at our mills at Augusta and Texarkana. If you look at the margins in this business, on 19, consequently, due to the outages that we experienced, the margins in the quarter were well below our average. Our full year margins though do remain 250 basis points above our key SBS competition. Our outlook for '14 in our Consumer Packaging business is encouraging, given the fundamentals around backlog and demand that we believe will carry through. But I do need to mention, and we'll talk about it a little bit more, the business is going to be impacted in the first quarter by some very difficult weather conditions that we saw not only in early January but also we've experienced through the end of January and into early February. Turning to the Printing Papers business. Earnings were virtually flat year-over-year, which I view as very favorable, given the impact of the Courtland shutdown and all the associated transition costs. The initial benefits of the North American cut-size increase began to come through and prices were up roughly $20 per ton as we exited the quarter. And at the time of this call, we fully implemented the October price increase and expect to realize increased prices of more than $50 per ton on all affected grades. This, along with increased prices in Brazil and India, enabled us to close the gap on pricing year-over-year, which I think is a very important and impressive accomplishment. Additionally, mix in the North American business improved in the quarter as we exited significantly lower-priced export volume. North American volume was down accordingly, but strong seasonal volume in Brazil and Europe offset these losses. Talking about operations and costs. We were largely impacted by the Courtland shutdown, but we offset a bit of these costs by very strong operations in Franklin and Brazil. And we also benefited from the weaker Brazilian real, as margins expanded on our export volumes. So all things considered, I would say a very good quarter for the papers business. So giving a quick update on Slide 21 on the Courtland shutdown and the North American papers transition. First, I'd like to take a moment to recognize our colleagues -- all our colleagues at the Courtland mill. The shutdown is a significant event not only for the mill but for the community. And the team there has done an incredible job of handling what is a very difficult situation. I can't say strongly enough how proud we are of the team. And some good news, is many of our Courtland colleagues have been placed in open positions at our operations throughout the rest of the Southeast and in our other businesses, as well as in our papers business. So as you know, the first 2 machines went down in November. All of the trials and qualifications at the others mills and with our customers have gone very well and are ahead of schedule. The costs we incurred in the fourth quarter were generally in line with what we expected. However, as I mentioned, we ran well across some of the other mills and managed spending very well to reduce the impact. As far as the plans for the balance of the mill, the team has accelerated the shutdown of the remaining 2 machines, both of which actually went down this past weekend. Due to the fact that we are shutting down the 2 largest machines, as well as the remainder of the mill, we will see the greatest amount of shutdown costs and impact in the first quarter. So for the first quarter, costs will be up -- or be $20 million more than in the fourth quarter. Now that's the peak. Thereafter, we expect costs in the second quarter to be half of the first quarter. And then there will be some residual costs that will continue into the third and fourth quarter of roughly $5 million to $10 million per quarter. Turning to xpedx, Slide 22. Weaker demand across the printing and facility solution segment led to a challenging quarter for the business. The great news is, as John mentioned earlier, we're very excited about concluding the definitive agreement phase of the pending transaction. And I want to take a couple of minutes and recap where we are on that. So turning to Slide 23. We signed a merger agreement with Unisource last week. And we're working on the registration statements for the SEC review process, which we expect to file in the coming weeks. As we announced last Tuesday, the IP shareholders will own 51% of the new company and IP will receive a cash dividend from NewCo of $400 million at the time of the spin. This will be a Reverse Morris Trust transaction, which will be tax-free to IP and its shareholders, pending IRS approval. IP has the potential to receive an additional cash earn-out of up to $100 million in 2020, if certain conditions are met. And with the exit of xpedx from IP, IP's overall margin and return on invested capital will increase. Regarding funding for the new company. NewCo has received bank commitments for asset-backed financing of $1.4 billion. But it is expected to carry an additional debt load of roughly $800 million and an initial debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4 to 5x, which, of course, will be expected to reduce over time as synergies are realized and EBITDA increases. xpedx currently has total net assets of roughly $700 million to $800 million, of which approximately $100 million are fixed assets, all of which will follow the spin to NewCo. Of course, more information will be available, including xpedx and Unisource financials and NewCo pro-formas, once the registration statement is filed. Turning our attention to Ilim on Slide 24. The JV realized continued progress on the ramp-up of the major capital projects with the paper machine at Koryazhma and the pulp line at Bratsk. However, this was more than offset by seasonally higher energy and wood costs. Additionally, earnings were further impacted unfavorably due to the continued devaluation of the Russian ruble and the resulting net unfavorable noncash FX impact on the JV's $1.4 billion of U.S.-denominated debt. Slide 24 provides a view of where the JV is in its current ramp-up relative to historical results and its potential given the expanded capacity capability. So let me walk through this slide. The top -- the table at the top outlines how depreciation and interest expense have changed as a result of the capital project and associated debt. You can see that prior to the projects, depreciation was averaging $125 million per year. And that post-project, depreciation has increased to approximately $225 million annually. Similarly, interest expense has increased from the pre-project level of $15 million to about $75 million annually. Now the bottom chart illustrates where the JV is in the ramp-up of EBITDA. It's important to note that both FX and pulp prices in particular are highly variable. So for both the '14 estimate and the fully ramped potential target is assuming stable FX and pulp prices at today's level. So you can see the fully ramped-up potential is $150 million to $200 million higher than the 4 year average that occurred prior to the project construction startup. 2013 was significantly impacted by the projects, although you can see, we did make progress in the second half of the year. So not meaning to be too particular here, but taking EBITDA, subtracting depreciation and interest, tax affecting the results and dividing by 2 for IP shares gives you a pretty good approximation for the equity earnings for International Paper. And clearly, we expect a better year from the JV in 2014, and more importantly, considerable upside for the future. So turning to 26 and looking ahead to the first quarter. We expect seasonally lower volume in Brazil and Europe, along with a coated paperboard project that we're doing at Kwidzyn that will impact volume and the full shutdown at Courtland. These things will more than offset the benefit of the 2 additional shipping days in North American packaging. Additionally, it's currently estimated that the severe weather events throughout the month of January and into February will impact volume by 40,000 tons, primarily across our Packaging businesses. Pricing will continue to improve with full implementation of the fourth quarter North American cut-size price increase. Additionally, we'll see further mix improvements across our North American papers business, as the Courtland transition continues. And we do expect some mix improvement across North American Industrial Packaging as well, driven by higher volume of boxes as a percent of our total volume. We also expect some modest benefit on pricing in Brazil papers as well. Moving to ops. I highlighted the expected costs at Courtland, which is a large item in the quarter but we do expect some good progress at Orsa, offset by the impact of the Kwidzyn project. Additionally, the severe weather has impacted many of our mill operations in the South. Input costs in the quarter will be significant, driven largely by the extreme temperatures across much of the U.S., both in terms of unit pricing and consumption. Under normal circumstances, input costs would have been up seasonally in the quarter probably around $20 million. But on top of that, we estimate the incremental impact of the weather could be as much as $30 million. We also have a big outage quarter with in incremental costs over the fourth quarter of $47 million. Earlier, I provided an update on the Ilim JV, along with an outlook for '14. We will continue to ramp up, and that's going well into '14. We typically try not to forecast changes in FX, but I feel like I should point out that the ruble has weakened fairly significantly over the last month. And so had we ended the quarter January 31, the negative FX EPS impact would have been around $0.10. So moving to 27. In summary, we exited '13 with a lot of momentum. However, we are dealing with some temporary headwinds that will impact the first quarter. But that does not diminish our view of the full year potential, as John's going to discuss in a moment. The most immediate significant impact that we should be beyond shortly is the severe winter weather, which we estimate will impact the first quarter earnings by $40 million to $50 million. We will realize price improvement in North American papers and pulp, as well as in our Brazilian business on previously announced increases. And last week, we announced additional price increases in North American papers, pulp and coated paperboard, as well as Brazil paper and packaging, being effective with March. Volume will increase with more shipping days in North America. However, we talked about the impact of the winter storms has been significant and will offset at least half of this benefit. And as we talked about, the continuation of the shutdown at Courtland will impact cost and volume in the quarter. As we mentioned, we do have an increase in quarter-over-quarter maintenance outages as well. Energy costs will be significantly higher, both due to seasonality, as well as weather impacts. But these will moderate by the end of Q1. Finally, we expect to pay cash taxes at levels closer to book taxes and the interest benefit result in the fourth quarter will not repeat. So with that, let me turn it back over to John, so he can speak to the full year outlook and wrap up.
John V. Faraci: Okay, Carol, thanks. Let's turn our attention now looking forward to 2014 and the bigger global picture. I'm on Slide 28, the map. This slide shows the most current collective outside view of year-over-year changes in GDP in the major regions around the world that we operate. So sitting here early in the year, recognizing it's early, the macro environment from my perspective actually looks and feels somewhat better than it is as we exited 2013. Demand is modestly better, although it's hard to see, given the recent widespread weather disruptions in North America that Carol talked about. So the bottom line as we look forward to 2014, we're not counting on a lot of help from North America or global economies, but we see global group GDP inching up. If North American global GDP and demand are better, that's a good strong tailwind for us. But internally, I think this is important, we have many levers to pull, which are within our control, which will meaningfully impact results this year. And I'd like to highlight a couple of them. In North America, we have a large opportunity within our Industrial Packaging business for optimization. In Industrial Packaging, we've been very busy integrating 2 large acquisitions over the last 5 years and we haven't had a chance to optimize the combined business, which has grown from $4 billion to over $12 billion. The optimization opportunities are significant. They're around system integration, commercial and portfolio decisions, cost-reduction opportunities that are unique to International Paper because of these 2 acquisitions and best practices sharing. There's a significant opportunity with the emerging trend in our Coated Paperboard business and Foodservice for customers to move away from foam cups to paper cups. Companies like McDonald's have already made that decision. That's going to benefit our Foodservice business and our Coated Paperboard paper business. We talked a lot about Courtland, and the repositioning of the papers business is well underway. The end result, when we get to the back end of next year, is a smaller, a better and more cost-efficient footprint for our Printing Paper business in North America. Outside North America, we have projects at Ilim and synergy opportunities at Orsa that we didn't get in 2013 at the Brazil packaging business. At Kwidzyn, Poland, we're completing -- we'll complete it this quarter a coated paperboard project that will enable IP to enhance and improve our product offering to customers and expand our margins at one of our best facilities in the world. So a lot of things that we've got going on internally that are independent of the macro environment. So let me move to the next slide here and just give kind of a high-level financial outlook for 2014. Overall, we expect another meaningful increase in EBITDA results of roughly 10% in 2014 over 2013. As a result, free cash flow generation should approach $2 billion. This will enable International Paper to return a significant amount of cash to shareowners through our recently increased dividend and the share buyback program, which we have underway. We've been very active and opportunistic. As we've previously highlighted, we'll continue to have more runway with the dividend as we generate these results, and we'll be evaluating our dividend as the year progresses. We'll also make a contribution to pension fund of approximately $450 million. And we'll continue to evaluate investment opportunities that have the potential to create significant value for our shareowners. With the expected proceeds from the xpedx spend, our cash position is strong as is the outlook. So let me wrap up things and then we'll open up for questions. As Carol said -- I'm on the picture now that shows the -- an interstate highway in Atlanta, I think, a week ago. January and the first couple of days of February have been a challenge. And I think this picture sums it up. We've got a temporary hiccup in terms of higher costs, lost production, lost sales. But importantly, the truck there isn't upside down, it's just sideways. So I think we're going to get beyond this, and 2014 certainly looks like a significantly better year for International Paper on top of a good year -- good solid year in 2013, even with January hopefully behind us. So in summary, 2013 was a strong year progress results for IP, we move into '14 with a lot of internal initiatives. We expect solid growth and EBITDA and free cash flow and EPS for the year. I think IP is better positioned than ever to achieve the results that, frankly, should be records for -- on a number of fronts. And in 2014, we're going to take another significant step toward our near-term goal of achieving over $5 billion of EBITDA, $2.2 billion free cash flow. So with that, operator, I'll turn it back to you and we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I jumped on the call a little bit late, so I apologize if you already discussed this. But with uncoated freesheet, can you comment, John or Carol, what percentage of your volume is the current level of pricing increase in the market that you just announced impacting? And when you're done with all of the Courtland-related realignment, how much volume do you expect to return back to the market?
John V. Faraci: George, Tim Nicholls will kind of take that.
Timothy S. Nicholls: The first price increase, it was not on 100% of the volume. There were some branded products that were not included, but it was a solid 80-plus percent of our capacity product lines. And in the month of January, we have completed implementation of that increase. So it was a little bit -- through the fourth quarter, price increase and the numbers that we're showing also include the export impact, which was down in the quarter. But in North America, we saw prices move up 20 through the quarter. And then for the month of January, we completed the increase.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. But on the March increase, how much of your volume is that impacting? Is that 100%, 20%?
Timothy S. Nicholls: No. It's 100%.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: 100%?
Timothy S. Nicholls: 100%. And so on the March increase, we're up $70 on all of our commodity grades and $40 on branded products...
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And how much volume do you think, when we're all is said and done, will you have returned to the market from where you were prior to the Courtland announcement, if you can talk to that?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we announced capacity and we're shutting down 765,000 tons of uncoated freesheet capacity out of Courtland. And at this point, all the machines are down. So there was close to 1 million tons total, including coated. There's basis weight changes. There's a number of puts and takes. But it's going to be in that 750,000 ton range.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, the last thing, and I will turn it over, can you comment at all on the industrial side what type of -- I know the weather is having an effect here. But what kind of start to the quarter are you seeing on a volume basis year-on-year? And I know talking about economic downtime is difficult. But can you comment, as you sit here today, what economic downtime you might have given your current operating profile?
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark Sutton. On the demand question. You're right, the weather interruptions kind of masked what we're seeing. But I'll tell you, before we got into the weather, we were pleased with the way the volume profile was developing in the U.S. box business. And actually, after the first weather event, we were headed toward offsetting that. The second round of activity is, as Carol described earlier, we're just not sure about. But it will be a temporary issue. We'll put it behind us. But when we looked at our fourth quarter and we looked at the way December unfolded for us and for the market, we're actually on the positive side of sentiment for volume. And as you know, and you can look at the numbers that we put in the appendix charts, there is a seasonality to the market demand. There's also a seasonality, obviously, to International Paper's demand. There's also a seasonality to our capacity that we create by managing our maintenance outages. So we really need to run our system very well through the first couple of quarters of this year, given the amount of maintenance outages and other planned activities we have. So we have really have to execute very well going forward.
John V. Faraci: Let's say that looking at the GDP numbers, if we get a continuation of what we saw in the third and fourth quarter, we're going to have a positive, better box demand market than we had last year, which is basically flat. If we're at 3% GDP, we're not going to have a flat box market like we saw in 2013. So I think that's reason to be quite positive on how the year is going to play out. I mean, it's early on, but the macro data is not blowing out but it's incrementally better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Two quick ones. First of all, Tim, on the uncoated freesheet, can you give us a sense as to how much of the first initiative at the end of the day you were able to bring through?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. We feel like we had a full realization, Mark. We -- as I was saying, we had about $20 in the quarter but we finished up the rest of the implementation in January. So as we exit January on the $60 increase from last year, we felt like we had a full realization.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Great. And then second, Carol and John, you both made several references to portfolio optimization in containerboard -- improving profitability in containerboard. Any chance you could give us a little bit more in the way of targets and timing?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, we have talked before around the optimization that John referenced, at least the initial line of sight, to being $200 million. And we said as we entered '14 that would be a multiyear program. And we think a big portion of that, we think, we'll be able to realize in the coming couple of years. However, we're not done looking, and optimization is a general term. But it really is about making this business the best it can be and helping all components of the business reach its potential. And we're still discovering new opportunities, as John said, now that we're finished with the integration and synergy -- early synergy acquisition activities.
John V. Faraci: And very different situation running a $12 billion business versus a $4 billion business with the number of facilities, the segments we've got, the options we have and not a lot of that stuff is going to be big capital project related. So we're pretty positive that we got a lot of opportunity to mine here over the next couple of years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First on the North American industrials business. Can you talk about how your inventories moved through the fourth quarter? And how do you anticipate to manage inventories through the first quarter, especially given the significant downtime that you expect to take during the quarter?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Alex, our inventories through the fourth quarter trended down, which is what we planned for. It's very difficult to forecast customer demand too far out, given the nature of our customers' business, so a lot of just-in-time. But we believe we're set up well for what we need in the first quarter from a demand standpoint but also, referencing my earlier comment, from our own supply profile, given our annual outages start in the first and second quarter. So we feel real good about our inventory levels. It's something we manage very closely. We've got a lot of new tools to be able to do it now that our recently acquired mills that we got from Temple are all on the same supply chain system as the other legacy mills. And so we're really starting to work at optimizing that. But we feel good about the inventory we have. We're going to make the board that we need for the customer demand we have and the service level we need to provide.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And on the pension contribution, do you already know what quarter you expect -- what quarter during 2014 you expect to make the contribution in?
Carol L. Roberts: Alex, this is Carol. We'll put it in throughout the year, it won't go in all at one time and it will pretty much meter in fairly evenly throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman from UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It looks like you took a couple of charges both, I guess, for some restructuring in Asian packaging, as well as India. I was just wondering if you could talk about those specifically and then maybe more broadly what you're seeing in the specific markets?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. Gail, you're referring to the special items?
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. So on the special items, we did take a charge. We wrote off the goodwill that we had in India. And so that's pretty straightforward. And then we had a small business in the box business over there that we closed. It wasn't corrugated, it was another packaging business that just was eluding money and not productive, so we took that down.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Just more broadly what you're seeing in India and China?
John V. Faraci: I'd say Gail, I'll let Tom Kadien comment. Both India and China feel like they -- in China's case, the car was driving 80 miles an hour, now it's 60 miles an hour. It feels slower but it's still pretty fast growth. And India is probably the same thing from a -- at a slightly lower number. But they're still large markets that are going to grow and their economies are growing, but at a slower rate than they were in 2012 and '13.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Gail, this is Tom. The box business in 2013 and in the fourth quarter in China is growing at about 4%, so that's much improved. We feel like we've got our hands wrapped around that. The business that we shut down was an expanded polystyrene foam inner packaging operation. So we're really at a point where we see the box business starting to get some -- get its legs underneath it and starting to grow. In India, we've struggled with really wood cost increases throughout the year. And as we exit '13, those wood costs have started to flatten out. And we're still selling everything we can make and we're seeing productivity improvement, so we expect an improved '14 in India.
John V. Faraci: If you think about that 4% growth, that's -- on a 40 million ton market, that's 1.6 million tons of boxes a year. And if you do the math, it's a lot of volume.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just quickly on domestic markets. The wood cost inflation you've seen over the last few quarters, to what extent do you see that as weather related that could come back? Or do you think it's more structural with recovering OSD markets and energy demand?
John V. Faraci: I think the spike we saw, Gail, is all weather related. It was mostly on hardwood, not in pine, which is where the OSB stuff is going to show up. And it's amazing with no tropical storms or hurricanes hitting the East Coast -- I think I got this right, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina had the highest rainfall in over 100 years. And we have a lot of mills running along that coast that got impacted, Riegelwood, Georgetown, Eastover, Augusta, Savannah. So we see it as temporary. It's going to take a while to work that down, but it's -- I think it's peaked.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions on the offshore businesses. First, it seems like the pace of the Ilim ramp-up has been a bit disappointing, particularly in light of how strong that softwood pulp market has been. Can you just discuss the reasons for the kind of delayed ramp-up at Ilim?
John V. Faraci: Well, let me give you a couple of numbers, Mark, kind of put that into perspective because yes, it did go a little slower than we thought. But this is the project that, first of all, is done. It's completed. That's a milestone because projects like this in that part of the world always don't get completed. And we made 66,000 tons in the third quarter, 105,000 tons in the fourth quarter. And in January, we produced 36,000 tons, which -- that run rate is twice what the fourth quarter was. So we're starting to come up pretty quickly. We're probably a quarter behind in terms of -- but that's behind us, I'm looking ahead. And with the progress we made in January both on the volume side, the quality side and the cost side, there's a lot of positive runway there. But it's -- they were complicated projects, Mark. Operating in Siberia in the winter with the number of people we had to mobilize and the number of project management people we have from around the world cycling in and out in a very tough environment wasn't easy. But with our partner -- we could have done it without a partner. We proved we could do it. And then Koryazhma, I'd say that's a different story. We're -- in January, we were on the CIP, that's our capital project run rate of 200,000 tons. So we're right there in terms of uncoated freesheet production. And we're already -- I think we've made 700 tons of coated papers. So when that project is fully balanced out, we'd have 130,000 tons of uncoated freesheet and 70,000 tons of coated paper. But that's running -- that's the machine we moved from Scotland from Inverurie. That's running at its capacity already. Now we got to optimize the cost and get the quality and all that stuff down. But we're qualified on branded cut-size.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And the other offshore piece I wondered about John was just Orsa down in Brazil. I think your EBITDA margin was 9%. If I look at the numbers that both Klabin and Rigesa put up, they're 2 to 3x that level, maybe even close to 4x in Klabin's case. What's kind of a reasonable target and reasonable time line down at Orsa? You've now - you've been in there for about a year, you must have a pretty good sense.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. Part of the problem was we got hit with some onetime accounting charges at the end of the quarter. The underlying business we saw improve, the first couple of months of the quarter, our margins had moved back up into the mid-teens, 16%, 17%. And then we had a bit part of that wiped out in the last month of the quarter. My view is we still have a business that can earn in the mid-20s. And we'll see a meaningful change in performance this year. Part of what we dealt with last year, we got squeezed on OCC. We've now caught up to that on the price side. And quite frankly, we found out that we had to spend more on maintenance in some of the facilities than we thought we were going to have to. We think we've got that mostly behind us now, too. So price has moved in the right direction. Volume has moved in the right direction, and I think we'll run better. We've gotten these onetime accounting charges behind us. So I think 2014 will see a meaningful improvement.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So to get to kind of the mid-20s, Tim, do you have a sense of how long that will take you? And how much incremental capital that might involve?
Timothy S. Nicholls: I don't think it's going to take a whole lot of capital. The capital that we're spending is on smaller items. It's about automation in some facilities. It's about getting -- quite frankly, getting people out of facilities. They've thrown a lot of labor at the operations for a long time. So in terms of the forecast on when we get to the mid-20s, there's a lot of puts and takes there. I think we'll be -- we'll take a meaningful step towards that this year, and we'll see what 2015 brings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Carol, first question for you. Just to be clear, on the $2 billion-ish free cash flow number that you are putting out for 2014, that is before the pension contributions, is that right?
Carol L. Roberts: That's correct, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, okay, just want to be clear. And then when you look at the -- at Ilim, this is a quick follow-up -- it was very helpful to have that slide with the sort of the long-term guidance, and you say the equity income number would be $100 million to $120 million at current prices. Is sort of the right ratio to think about every $10 a ton might be another $10 million or $0.01 a ton -- or $1 a ton is $1 million? And the way I'm getting there is, I believe, the combined tonnage at the 2 mills there is about 2.5 million tons and, obviously, your equity ownership in that is about half of that. So if you think about it, if you got a $10 ton increase, you would get something on the order of magnitude of $10 million or $12 million. Is that pretty much the way to look at it?
Carol L. Roberts: That feels about right.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, got it. And last quick one on Ilim. You mentioned the $0.10 hit from currency. Is that -- if I heard you right, that's taking into account the ruble decline from the, I guess, the end of the year to where it stood yesterday?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. I normally wouldn't comment on that, but it is depreciated pretty significantly through the month of January. So since we're on the call, I thought I would take an opportunity to point that out. You need to take a look at that as the quarter progresses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Two questions. If we try to look past the messy first quarter, your overall input cost outlook is stable. I'm curious how that breaks down because we're hearing from others that chemical and labor could be a headwind. RISI has OCC trending up. So I wonder if you could just share with us how that input cost ends up stable in your view. And that's all I got.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. This is Carol. Actually, if we just -- if you look at Slide 30, we talked about input cost inflation in the $175 million to $200 million range for the full year. So we didn't really talk about it as stable. I think what we were -- maybe I'm not quite sure which part, but maybe referring to the fact that there's a spike in the first quarter on gas, and that will come back down to a more reasonable level. Now that's just input cost. We do have other inflation that happens. And then our goal is to have our initiative to offset that type of inflation through our productivity initiative that we have across the company.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay, that's actually very helpful. Sorry, I'm misreading your comments a little bit. That's all.
Carol L. Roberts: I'm glad you clarified.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: In terms of your EBITDA guidance of 10% increase. What do you guys baking in, in terms of price? I know you've announced a few price increases across your portfolio. So I just want to get a sense on that front.
John V. Faraci: We do not get -- try to forecast prices here because we can't and we shouldn't. So I'd say, we've got some price increase momentum that's been talked about, as we've mentioned taking the questions, going through the presentation. So we feel pretty good that we've got a line of sight to that kind of increase with plans we have in place.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then John, I mean, you guys are going to get a lot of free cash flow in 2014 going forward and you got some cash coming in from the xpedx divestiture. Just from a high level, some of your acquisitions and some of your investments -- recent investments on the international front, you've seen somewhat mixed results. Are you kind of looking at the hurdle rates a little differently going forward? And how should we be thinking about that front?
John V. Faraci: So we do have higher hurdle rates when we're investing in parts of the world that are outside the developed markets. And we're not going to make investments unless they meet our hurdle rates. So we're disciplined about that.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last quick one for Tom. The Sun JV actually turned positive from a profitability standpoint. Is that kind of good bogey going forward? Or is there some potential headwinds we've got to account for going forward?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Philip, the JV is seeing improved results. I'd say the market in China for coated board, demand is pretty good, probably a little bit better than we expected. Pricing is moving sideways but the improvement that you're seeing is really as we improve our mix at the joint venture and we sell more of the higher priced value-added grades, and fewer of the, I'll call, more commodity or folding carton end of the spectrum. So that's the improvement you see, and we think that's sustainable and will continue to move.
John V. Faraci: And I guess, as I -- just thinking about your comment about investments outside North America, our biggest investments are in Brazil and Russia. Brazil's got 30% EBITDA margins. We've had 2 years of consecutive EBITDA improvement. We're generating a lot of cash. We had some currency headwinds down there when the real was strengthening, which were hurting our returns, but now our returns are getting better. We've got a great market position in that part of the world. So we're very pleased with our investment in Brazil. We'll get the Packaging business right. And in Russia, which is probably our second largest offshore investment, IP Russia, which is our paper business, is well above cost of capital returns, well above our hurdle rate. And we think Ilim is going to turn out to be a fabulous investment now that we've got this big capital projects behind us. So we've got some challenges in India and China, no question about it, for different reasons. But where our big offshore investments are -- and I haven't even talked about Europe, our paper business in Europe continues to perform very well and returning well above cost of capital returns. So I don't really see it that we've had -- we've struggled with the emerging market investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question on uncoated freesheet. In recent months, we've maybe seen a little bit stronger volumes than some of us had expected. And I'm wondering, as you forecast 2014 demand, understanding you have a capacity adjustment, but can you tell us what level of industry demand you're expecting for North America? And is there any reason to think that demand might be a little bit stronger than the kind of the 3% decline that a lot of us plug into our models?
Timothy S. Nicholls: This is Tim. Yes, I think there is reason to believe it might be stronger. Most of the forecasts that are out there are still between 3% and 4%, but I think they'll be updating it based on how last year ended. There's probably a little bit of pull-forward in December. But if you look at the underlying economy, we see an increase in white-collar workers. We also see an increase in consumption of paper per white-collar worker. It had been on kind of a downward trend and as you look at 2013, it leveled out, maybe even ticked up a little bit. Commercial print indices were up. Even mill volume last year performed better than expected. So if the economy continues to improve, I believe that there is potentially a modest help on the demand decline for this year.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just switching to containerboard. Can you confirm that the process of shedding some of the less attractive Temple-Inland business has basically run its course? And then, you referenced the 40,000 tons of lost production in January, primarily in packaging. Can -- should we assume that, that's basically just lost production? Or is it possible that you might get some of that back in February?
Mark Stephan Sutton: So Anthony, on the first question, I think we have really ended the shed of business that was related to acquiring and integrating Temple. And as Carol mentioned, we've really pretty much closed the gap with our performance versus the market, which was an objective of ours, and we saw progress throughout the year. On the 40,000 tons in January, a portion of that is probably going to come back. It's hard to tell how much because of the segments that you would say demand wouldn't get destroyed, it's just delayed. But for example, if it was demand in the restaurant industry and people couldn't get to a restaurant to go out to eat because of the roads or weather, it's up in the air whether they go out to eat twice later. So we're going to track it closely. But I think it'll be a mix of maybe lost demand and demand that comes back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Al Kabili of Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Either John or Carol, could you just help us quantify on the weather impact? The $40 million to $50 million, it's quite a bit more above than would be implied by the 40,000 ton production issue you mentioned in January. So is that the remainder mostly costs on a nat gas side that's driving that? Or do you see other sizable volume headwinds elsewhere in the business driving that view on the headwind?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. I think it's a combination. It's definitely natural gas. Natural gas is probably a good $20 million of that, maybe 20 plus. I mean, the gas, it's spiked and it's staying off it, so the gas prices that we're seeing at least through February are much higher than what we had anticipated. Now natural gas responds pretty quickly, so it should get better. The other one is just the consumption in the mills of everything we use because it's been so cold. And we have had disruptions in operations. They're costly when that happens. So it's kind of a combination of all of the above. Volume being one piece.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then, I guess, a question, Mark, to the degree that box volumes stay flat for the remainder of the year, which has been the trend the last few years. Are you comfortable with the capacity and the size of the IP mills and/or box footprint?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think, Al, on the assumption that volume stays flat, which we don't believe that's the long-term trend. But on that assumption, if you look at our current capacity footprint in containerboard and the seasonality that we described both on the demand side and the supply side, we like the footprint we have. You got to remember a couple of things. Every mill is not created equal. So some mills make linerboards, some make medium, some make both. There are lightweight and heavyweight products. And so a mix of recycled mills and virgin mills in our fleet allow us to flex our capacity in a pretty cost-effective way. And I think for the box system, we've done a number of rationalizations. There's still more to do that will fall under the category of optimization. But we like the North American box footprint we have. And I'll remind you that we have a multichannel strategy in our business. The North American box business that we own and operate is very important. But we're also an important player in the open market with very good customers in the domestic open market. And we also have a very meaningful strategic long-term position in containerboard export markets throughout the world. And those work in unison to really optimize our revenue line and our EBITDA margins, and we'll continue to do that.
Albert T. Kabili - Macquarie Research: Okay. A final follow-up question for me to you is just how are you feeling about the additional optimization opportunity in the business? And does volumes appreciably change the ramp or your view at all on how that ramps up the next few years?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Al, I think volume definitely helps. If saw north of 1% it allows you to do some of the optimization activities maybe a little quicker. But when we talk about optimization, John mentioned that we're talking really about improving what we have that's unique to IP. So it's a mix of commercial activities, service offerings and, of course, on the cost side. Volume would definitely help give you a firmer foundation to work on that. But one thing that I did neglect to mention in your first question around the capacity is that we are still, as you know, buying a certain amount of containerboard from the 3 mills that we divested. And obviously, as we can see our way to make some of that board ourselves, we recapture that margin as well. So that's got to play out as we think about what our real permanent long-term capacity footprint is going to look like.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two quick ones on international. Can you provide a little bit more color on what you are doing in Kwidzyn? Obviously, it's a great mill and you make a lot of money in Poland. And how that project helps you further penetrate the market? And then just on the, I'm guessing, it was Andhra Pradesh, the goodwill write-down, I know you said, Carol, it was pretty straightforward, but what triggered that?
John V. Faraci: Well, the project at Kwidzyn, George, is really about making a higher-end grade of coated paperboard. We'll make a little more volume, but basically, we'll move up the quality scale and be -- compete in some segments that are growing segments in Europe. And Kwidzyn is one of our crown jewels. It's one of the best mills we have in the world. We're making great returns there. And we want to keep that facility kind of at the forefront. And it makes uncoated freesheet, also makes coated paperboard. Just to comment about APPM. We knew when we bought APPM, we paid a full price and it was really kind of the price you had to pay to get into the market to learn the market and figure out whether International Paper could be successful there, both in paper and maybe eventually in packaging. And we just -- so that premium price was really expressed as goodwill, and we came to the conclusion that the proper thing to do is write it off, but we knew we paid that premium when we bought it.
Operator: And we have reached the allotted time for questions today. I will now turn the call back over to Jay Royalty for any closing remarks.
Jay Royalty: I'll just say thanks to all of you for joining the call. And as always, Michele and I will be available after the call. Our phone numbers are on Page 33 of the presentation. Everyone, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers - The America's Region
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tamika, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Tamika. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2013 earnings press release in today's presentation slides. Lastly, given our expanded disclosure around our Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody. During the next 15 to 20 minutes, Carol and I will review our third quarter results and performance of individual businesses, then I'll speak to our outlook and will open it up to your questions. So for the quarter, International Paper delivered record operating earnings of $471 million or $1.05 a share. That was driven by continued margin expansion and very solid operations around the world in our manufacturing businesses. In spite of much higher wood costs due to the wettest weather we've had in the Southeast in over 100 years, we've got meaningful improvement in our North American Industrial Packaging business, and also a price improvement as well in our North American Coated Board business. We also got some price improvements in pulp, although it started a little bit later in the quarter than we expected, but it's going to flow through into our fourth quarter. And we announced price increases in our North American paper business and expect to see implementation beginning in the fourth quarter. We successfully executed $80 million of outages and saw a very significant progress in the ramp-up of the new capacity and capabilities in our Ilim joint venture in 2 of the facilities where we made major capital investments. And finally, in the quarter, we had late-breaking favorable development on the tax front, which resulted in a one-time benefit of $30 million, reducing our tax rate to 24%. But even without that tax -- that tax adjustment, the third quarter, from an operating earnings standpoint, was an all-time record for International Paper. Free cash flow continues to be generated at solid levels, and we see good momentum going into 2014. The run rate free cash flow for the last 2 quarters, which Carol will talk about, was $1.8 billion. All in, another milestone quarter for International Paper, taking a big step on our journey to becoming a stronger and more valuable company that creates value for our customers and our investors. So let me just quickly go to the financial highlights on the next slide. Sales were up 6%. Margins expanded by 160 basis points. EBITDA improvement of 12% or $100 million, both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. And as I said, an all-time record even without the tax benefit. So with that, let me turn over to Carol to take a closer look at the quarter, and then I'll come back and talk about the outlook.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As John said, IP delivered its strongest EPS quarter in nearly 2 decades, with the highest EBITDA and operating earnings in our history. The quarter benefited from strong price improvement, solid operational performance and good progress in the ramp-up of the Ilim projects. In the quarter, volume was slightly lower due to one less shipping day in North America, and we did have seasonally lower demand in our North American Industrial Packaging business. Maintenance outages were positive, as this was our lightest maintenance outage quarter for the year. Input costs were a headwind, particularly wood, due to the extremely wet weather in the Southeast U.S., which did significantly impact our Printing Papers business and it impacted also our Coated Board business. On the corporate side, we saw a one-time benefit of $13 million, due to the release of a tax reserve in the quarter, which as I said, helped interest. The tax benefit that John mentioned contributed $30 million or $0.08 to our results. And this tax benefit was associated with the recent U.S. court case decision that involved another taxpayer similar to us, and it provides for an increase in the tax basis for certain fixed assets. John mentioned it, the quarter-over-quarter improvement in the Ilim JV contributed very favorably to our results. The operations were better, and I'm going to talk about that, but we also did see a gain in the FX associated with the strengthening of the ruble against the U.S. dollar-denominated debt on the JV's balance sheet. So moving to input costs. We did experience a significant headwind relative to fiber cost increase, and that was mostly wood in our North American operations. On the second quarter call, we mentioned that we expected some headwind on wood cost, although not nearly to the degree to which it did unfold. We updated this outlook at the UBS conference in September. Fortunately, the weather situation has moderated since then. That said, it was still a big cost increase in the quarter and we do expect carryover into the fourth quarter as we enter what would be seasonally the normal higher-cost winter months, with somewhat relatively low inventory, than we are attempting to rebuild our inventories as we go. Now turning to the businesses. Let me first cover Industrial Packaging, which delivered record earnings, as well as the price increase in North American box came through roughly $30 per ton on average for the quarter. Within this record performance, our EMEA Packaging business did have weaker earnings due to a margin squeeze there experienced, as box prices, which they're increasing, are trailing behind on some Containerboard increases that have happened. And, all-in-all, we like the Containerboard increases and we'll take on the challenge of raising our box prices in Europe. As I mentioned previously, volume was lighter due to one less shipping day in the quarter, and it is seasonally slower demand for us. The second quarter is a very big quarter for us, with the agricultural mix, but still a very solid quarter. Operations were very good, and some of those operations were offset by some one-time costs. And as I said, we did see some input cost headwinds in North America as well in the form of increased wood and OCC costs. The next slide, Slide 10, really shows a great story. We saw benefits on pricing improvement and solid operations, and that created further EBITDA margin expansion in our North American Industrial Packaging business. And we continue to fare very well against our key public competitors. We should continue to see strong results in this area as we finalize the full realization of the announced price increase in the fourth quarter and drive our optimization improvements into 2014 and beyond. Moving to the pricing realization. And so relative to the conclusion of the American -- North American box price increased efforts, we continued to see very strong results in this area and we actually exceeded the plan we laid out earlier in the year. As I mentioned earlier, we saw box price increases rise on average of $30 per ton in the third quarter. And we exited the quarter at a run rate in the high $40 range. We expect roughly $5 per ton more in Q4. And so as we move through the quarter, we will fully recover more than the $50 Containerboard increase. So a very strong success in this area. Turning to the next slide. When you look at our North American Packaging business, we truly feel that we're uniquely positioned to continue to realize benefits and improvements. We've spoken to this opportunity before, and I want to emphasize it again, that we have an opportunity to optimize this large-scale business that we've built in a number of areas: operations, supply chain, our commercial efforts. And this can contribute additionally about $200 million of EBITDA to the bottom line. We're well positioned with low-cost assets that can continue to improve. We have untapped capacity at our Valliant, Oklahoma mill that could ramp-up quickly and very cost effectively and at the right time. We've got a great portfolio, an attractive portfolio of customers that we can continue to upgrade as we work our mix. We have a strategic mix of virgin and recycled mill capabilities that enable us to effectively serve a broad range of markets, both domestically and across the globe. And we embrace the strategy to manage our supply to our customers' demand, and that will allow us also to meet those -- that demand at the lowest delivered cost. And finally, we're also seeing the opportunity to leverage our global Industrial Packaging footprint as we expand our reach into markets around the globe. That's everything from best practice sharing to global and multinational customers and segments. And that represents just a few of the potential opportunities that we have in front of us. So moving from Industrial Packaging, let me talk about the Consumer Packaging business. As we look at our Consumer Packaging business, we saw some price improvements in our North American business, and we had a big step-up due to no outages in the third quarter. Our European business continues to perform well, and we continue to see good momentum in North America as backlogs remained strong and price increases continued to be implemented. Relative to our Foodservice business, turning to the next slide. There were some nice and important developments relating to this business in the quarter, as key customers and potential customers publicly announced intentions to move away from foam-based cups to paper cups. McDonald's announced their plan to convert to paper hot cups in all of their 14,000 plus locations in the U.S.. A McDonald's representative cited customers' changing preferences and increased recyclability as the driver for this change, and they expect a multiyear transition that will extend probably through 2016. In the case of Dunkin, they moved to paper in their Brookline Mass. stores in response to anti-foam legislation. And they stated, they're looking for a solution to replace foam that meets the goals for cost performance and recyclability. These 2 opportunities alone would result in 3 billion to 4 billion cups in increased demand, and that would translate to roughly 80,000 tons of paper cup stocks, which is great for us, as we're very well positioned to benefit from this development. Additionally, in this business, we have received word that we'll be expanding our position to become the primary supplier to the leading gourmet coffee retailers. So all-in-all, the food service business continues to be an exciting place and important part of our Consumer Packaging franchise. Moving on to Printed Papers. We had good quarter-over-quarter improvement, as we saw a seasonal uptick in volume in Brazil and Europe, and operations were very favorable in North America. We have a weakening price here throughout the quarter, but that's -- I wanted to just comment, that's largely driven by softness in the export market and a little bit of pricing that we saw in Europe. Additionally, in this business, we experienced lighter maintenance outages and a non-repeat of the bad debt issue that we saw in the second quarter. Input costs were higher in the form of wood, as I mentioned, and this was a big impact in our paper business. And we did see a negative impact from FX in Brazil and Europe. And finally, as you're probably aware, we did announce in the quarter a $60 per ton increase for offset and cut size paper that we expect to begin to implement in the fourth quarter. So moving to the next slide. I wanted to take a minute and give you an update on our plans for the Courtland mill wind down and the repositioning of our North American Papers business. As we announced and discussed in September, we made a difficult decision to permanently close the Courtland mill. And as I said, this was a very tough decision for IP and, really, for our very dedicated employees, but clearly the right decision for the business. So relative to the shutdown plan, we intend to permanently shut the first 2 machines by mid-November. This will result in our exit from the Coated Papers business and the elimination of capacity for exports and selected marginally profitable domestic business. The last 2 machines are scheduled to be shut down by mid-Q1 2014, and that will result in the elimination of the balance of the capacity at Courtland. Right now, we're in the process of running qualification trials at the 4 remaining mills, and we'll be transferring our most attractive business to these commodity and specialty mills to enable our best business to run at the lowest possible cost. We have more business than we have capacity. Therefore, it will be necessary to exit the least profitable grades. While the end state that we'll reach later next year will be favorable, we are going to be in a transition mode for the next couple of quarters. So in the fourth quarter this year, we expect cost and really, inefficiencies of running the mill in a half -- with 2 machines, that does create inefficiencies. And that impact of that transition through the operating earnings line could be as much as $40 million. In the end, we will be better positioned for long-term success in our North American business. We're going to have 2 excellent world-class, low-cost commodity mills; 2 very highly capable, well-equipped specialty mills to serve our most attractive segments and customers. Moving on to distribution. Xpedx delivered a solid quarter, as we expected, driven by revenue improvement. And this was despite one less shipping day. And also, importantly, continued improvements in our operational cost. We continue to work very diligently on the spin-off opportunity with Unisource. And I'd say we're making progress on reaching a mutually acceptable transaction. Turning to Ilim. We've talked about Ilim a little bit, and we did see significant progress on the ramp-up of the major capital projects at Koryazhma and Bratsk, along with some appreciation and move up in pulp prices. And this did result in an improvement in the operational EBITDA of $37 million over the second quarter. Additionally, the ruble strengthened against the U.S. dollar, which did result in a net favorable noncash FX gain on the JV's $1.4 billion of U.S.-denominated debt. Moving to the next slide. I wanted to update you where we are with the project ramp-up. As I mentioned, and as we said we would, we saw significant progress in the third quarter, as the project benefits are beginning to show up and the startup and ramp-up costs are continuing to come down. Ilim expects to make another big step forward in the fourth quarter, as operational efficiencies and equipment reliability continue to improve. Additionally, the team is working very hard on product qualification efforts as we speak. And as those products get qualified, we'll begin to sell those, and that will show up in the improved margins. So while Ilim expects to see further improvement in results in the fourth quarter, some of this improvement will be offset by increased cost that are just associated with the season -- wood cost issues that hit us this time of year and other seasonal costs. But the way that we would -- the way we see Ilim, and we're very excited about it, is we've done the hard work, we're not done, but making great progress, and 2014 looks to be a great opportunity as well as beyond. So turning to free cash flow and uses of cash. A lot happened during the quarter, all good. As you recall, we closed on the sale of the Temple-Inland Building Products business early in the quarter. Received $710 million in cash proceeds in July. On September 10, we announced a 17% increase in our regular dividend to $1.40 per share, payable in December of this year. Additionally, we announced an authorization to buy back up to $1.5 billion in shares. We've been active with this program since receiving that authorization. And up-to-date, and I guess through yesterday, we've repurchased more than 2.6 million shares at an average price of $45 per share for about $120 million. Additionally, we continued to pay down debt, and that reduced our debt balance by $457 million year-to-date, and we expect to pay down roughly $600 million for the full year. As you can see from the chart, and John mentioned this, we continued to track well on our path towards our stated goal of $2.2 billion in free cash flow. And if you take the last quarter, the last 2 quarters, we are at a run rate of $1.8 billion. We feel good about our ability to continue to grow the free cash flow as we move into '14, and we feel very good about our capital allocation plan. So moving to the fourth quarter outlook, before I turn it back to John. We see a relatively flat quarter-over-quarter change on volume. Seasonal increases in Brazil and European package are offset by the decline in North American papers due to the restructuring, and there are 2 less shipping days in North American packaging. Prices will continue to improve in North American Packaging, as discussed earlier, and we'll begin to see implementation of the announced price increases in North American Paper. And we should also see pricing improvement in our European and our Brazilian Packaging business. On operations, the largest impact item will be associated with the Courtland transition and the wind down as previously discussed. We do expect some mild but continued impact from higher wood costs that we saw in Q3. Net-net, on mill outages, they'll be $10 million higher for the fourth quarter. And we expect taxes and interest to return to normal levels after the benefits we saw in Q3. And while we expect additional improvement at the Ilim JV, seasonal costs and increasing wood supply issues will offset a good portion of these gains. And we're assuming no change in FX for the quarter, so no repeat of the gain in Q4. So with that, John, let me turn it back over to you for the wrap up.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. First of all, I'd like to emphasize that while this was a record operating earnings and EBITDA quarter, we've still got additional upsides from here. We continue to build momentum and generating free cash flow in our EBITDA results, and have line of sight to the $5 billion plus EBITDA goal we talked to investors about 1.5 years ago. In the fourth quarter, as Carol said, we expect to realize the full benefits of the OCC's price increases announced in April and further price increases in North American Coated Paperboard, North American Papers, and Europe and Brazil Box businesses. We're also going to see some volume improvement in Brazil and some improvement in both our European and Brazilian Packaging businesses. Carol talked about the Courtland headwinds, about $40 million. But we like how this business is going to look in 2014 with the 4 mill system. Boxes -- Box volume will be lighter in North America because they've got 2 less shipping days. And wood costs are going to continue to be a headwind, but I'd say the Southeast is finally drying out and inventories are getting rebuilt. And we have slightly higher maintenance outages in the fourth quarter and expect tax rate to return to normal level. So what makes International Paper different and attractive? This last slide here, I'm on Slide 23, we have strong leading positions in our primary North American markets and the best margins, with further upside potential. We've got a global footprint in our key businesses with attractive growth potential, and we have the talent to lead the business and execute against our plans. We've transformed the company and strengthened our position in our core platform businesses. We continue to manage the portfolio aggressively and have more upside through optimization, repositioning of our North American Papers business and strategic investments like Ilim that are ramping up with a lot of upside. We've improved our free cash flow generation and have plans to grow and sustain it, which leaves us in a good cash position and able to return better-than-cost of capital returns. At the same time, through a balanced use of cash, we returned some of that cash to our share owners, as evidenced by last month's actions to both increase our dividend and authorize a share buyback program. So with that, I'll stop right there and open it up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my first question is on -- if you could provide any outlook on early fourth quarter trends within Industrial Packaging? And John and Carol, I noticed on the slide in the appendix that you did see a little bit of a market-related downtime in industrial, if I saw that correctly. Could you comment at all where perhaps some softness arose in the quarter that you might not have anticipated? And I've got a couple of follow-ons.
John V. Faraci: You want to take that?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, I will. The kind of the outlook, as we enter into the fourth quarter, in October, box demand is about where we thought it would be, still tracking kind of like the market tracks, just slightly positive. And for us, we were behind the industry numbers 300, 400 basis points early in the year. We've narrowed that to less than 100. In September, we were much less than 100 basis points behind. And that's what we're seeing going in the fourth quarter. So I think we don't anticipate any major changes in demand. On the other 2 channels to market for our Containerboard, the open market, domestic, of course, that reflects the U.S. Box business, and so that will track about the same. And the export market, we expect a normal fourth quarter seasonal demand pattern. With respect to your comment on the lack of order downtime, it was 70,000 tons. As you know, a very large system. And as we look at how the quarter unfolded in the third quarter, and we realized what orders we had and what basis weight and whether it's recycled and virgin, we made the paper we needed for the customer demand we had, as well as trying to position our inventories to the best way possible as we prepare for the beginning of next year and the maintenance outages we have. So with all those considerations, we come up with 70,000 tons of capacity we didn't need to employ.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Fair enough. And that's also a silver lining in terms of producing to market demand. I guess one other question I had, can you remind us what effect you think some of the increase in Asian Boxboard capacity might have on your business, if at all? And then the last question, I'll turn it over. Ultimately, how much market share do you think -- maybe it's a question for Tom Kadien, do you think you can get off the coffee cup market and paperboard?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Tom Kadien here. On the Asia Boxboard, we really haven't seen a lot of impact here in North America. Where we see the impact is in the global export markets, where pricing has come down. We are largely out of most of those difficult market segments, and it really hasn't had a big impact on us in North America at all. On the move from foam to paper, we're the largest cups stock producer in North America, out of 2 of our Bleached Board mills. And we've got push in about a 50% market share there. So if we've got our normal share, that would be 50%. We expect we'll do better than that. And we're also the largest supplier of paper cups and lids to the quick service restaurant and coffee segment. And we think we'll do better than our share there as well, as we have been over the last couple of years.
John V. Faraci: George, the only thing I'd add about Coated Board is we don't see -- we produce Coated Board in Poland and in Russia, and we don't see the Asian impact -- impacting those core markets for us. Most of it is staying somewhere in Asia. And if you just look at -- on our table, our Coated Board volume is up 48% year-over-year. Unfortunately, so are bunch of others. And that's -- that excess capacity situation has got to work through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: A couple of questions on Industrial Packaging, following up a bit more. Typically, would you expect that the fourth quarter seasonally to have a little bit more, a little bit less demand than you'd see in the third quarter? And can one extrapolate from that on what expectations one might have for market downtime in that business? And then second, I think Carol had mentioned that you were -- you've exited the quarter in the high 40s in terms of the box pricing. And then I think she said, you expected to get another $5 as 4Q progresses. So is it fair to assume about a $10 per ton price improvement, 4Q v 3Q in box prices? And then, lastly, is kind of a flat demand outlook for next year at this juncture in corrugated the most realistic, or are there reasons why it might be better or worse than that? And if you can help spell that out, that will be great.
John V. Faraci: Mark, before I let Mark set and answer all those questions, we're not going to forecast market downtime. We don't do that.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Right. Thank you, John. Question #1. Yes, Q4 typically, I think, would be seasonally a little lighter in demand. And that's a general statement about the market, but in particular, about International Paper's segment mix. And as Carol mentioned, there's a couple less shipping days, which is not really a seasonality issue, but just a reality. We're going to make the board we need to make for the business we have in all 3 channels: the box business, the open-market here in the U.S., and the open-market globally. The price question around exiting in the high 40s, we will recover, as John said, more than the $50 increase, which is compensating for some of the waste you have in the convergent operations. And so as we sit here today, we're up $101 from last third quarter. And I think your $10 quarter-over-quarter is probably not a bad number.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then lastly, as we think about...
Mark Stephan Sutton: I Oh, I'm sorry, your third question. Growth for next year. I was writing them down, and I didn't write that one down. Growth for next year, flat. I think when you look at the people who are developing forecast for box and looking at the macro indicators, there's a lot of energy around a slightly positive demand environment next year, maybe in 1.5%. And I think it's really going to be dependent on the U.S. economy. Box demand is going to track, nondurable is going to be a bit behind GDP. So as the consumer comes back in the market, we'll see good box demand. And hopefully, it's better than flat.
John V. Faraci: Mark, when you look at box demand for the industry, relative to where we were prior to recession, we're still 5% or 6% below the 390 billion square feet that were shipped in 2007. Box demand is growing at GDP less a point, and that's where we kind of think it is. If we get 3% GDP growth, which we should get at some point in time. And we're going to get positive box demand, which is going to be a big tailwind.
Carol L. Roberts: And one more part to add to that is, we did care about global demand for boxes. So with global demand up 3% to 4%, we all know there's a part of that segment, global segment, that we get to participate in. Specifically for International Paper, exports are very strategic. For the industry, they're strategic. So if you think about that, that could add another 0.5 point to 7/10 of a point of growth in North America.
John V. Faraci: And I'd say, just to that point, if you looked at the page that shows our shipments year-to-date by volume, even though box market is up 0.5% in the U.S. our shipments outside the us or outside shipments in U.S. and exports are up 5% in the first 9 months of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Ng with Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sticking on Containerboard. can you kind of give us a sense how you're thinking about inventory at this point? And do you draw down any more inventory in Q4?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think we like where our inventories are right now, from the standpoint of operating our large system at the lowest possible cost. We had to prepare for some of the outages we have coming up, maintenance outages at the beginning of next year. And I think inventories are in good shape from the quality of inventory and returns. And we will operate our system, really, to the demand for our business, and not anticipate the need to build any inventory.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. And then in your slide deck, you guys kind of highlighted how there's some untapped low-cost capacity for containerboard. Could that represent an offering for you guys to take out some high-cost capacity down the road?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think all that depends on the demand profile. But I think the point in all of that is we have opportunities for very low cost to make more containerboard if we have the demand for it. And as we prepare in the future for how we view our current offtake agreements with the mills we had to divest. So all of that will play into a decision we make on capacity. It's out there if we need it and it's low cost.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got you. And just one last question for Carol. Glad to see you guys buy back some stock, current quarter and year-to-date. Could there be an opportunity for you guys to take a more aggressive stance this year? Or is that more of an opportunity going into '14?
Carol L. Roberts: Well, as we said, we've got authorized $1.5 billion share buyback that we said was a 2- to 3-year program. And so we'll continue to monitor our options, but we'll probably stick to that path of that $1.5billion, 2 to 3 years. So you kind of do the math on that.
John V. Faraci: Lot of flexibility, though, in terms of how we go ahead and complete that share buyback.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of questions. First one, again, on Industrial Packaging. If we think about the downtime that you took in the quarter. Coming into the quarter, you're talking about building some inventories. So is it fair to kind of assume that the downtime was maybe weighted towards the end of the quarter, when we saw a little bit of the softer demand?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I wouldn't -- Phil, this is Mark. I would say, it really evolves through the quarter as we look at the actual demand from all 3 channels that we send Containerboard through and the inventory that we need. And inventory is not inventory. There's recycle, there's virgin, there's heavyweight, lightweight. And knowing what our seasonal demand is going to be for the upcoming few months, all weighs into it to -- the science behind it is balancing that system and making the board at the lowest possible marginal cost. So it's not a wait and see what happens and slam it in at the end. It's an organized process to really make our product at the lowest marginal cost.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Fair enough. Okay. Second question is just on Courtland. Appreciate the color around the $40 million incremental in the quarter. As we think about how that progresses through 1Q and into 2014, Carol or John, any color as to whether that would step up against, sequentially, in 1Q? Or it's kind of -- do we kind of level off here? And then, at what point do we step back down, do you think?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Phil, it's Tim Nichols. We're going to update that as we go. I think the important point to make here is the process is well underway. We're trying to do it at the lowest possible cost. We'll have 2 machines down in the middle of November. When we announced, we said the other 2 would come down by the end of the first quarter. We now had moved that up to mid-quarter, and the goal is to keep pulling that forward as rapidly as we can. Part of what we're doing is we're working through qualifications in other facilities for various products and customers. So you can think of the first 2 machines, that capacity coming out fairly quickly. You can think about the machine time used on the other 2 machines as being to do 2 things. One, cover for those qualifications. And number two, to help us build some inventory around unique products, like our colors, uncoated free sheet, where we need to build a little bit of inventory to manage the transition. So those machines are not fully available for current customer demand.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for Carol, just on the free cash, or with respect to working capital, et cetera. You talked about kind of the past 2 quarters, your run rate that you're talking, kind of $1.8 billion in free cash. The other first quarter was a little lower than that. I assume the fourth quarter can be higher as you draw some of the working capital down for this. Is that $1.8 billion number kind of a fair number to think about this year? And kind of assuming that you do you still have some kind of working capital headwinds this year that maybe you don't have next year, how should we think about that?
Carol L. Roberts: Well, Phil, you make a great point. I think $1.8 billion is a good number. And if the working capital headwinds, because we're raising prices and expanding margins, I think we'll take those headwinds all day long. So it's hard to speculate on what next year might bring. And yes, this year, the headwind, the sales are up and -- because pricing is up. So that has been be a headwind that will level out. But I think $1.8 billion is kind of a good normalized level for where we're operating today, and we think it should go up from there.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And do you have a status of specifically what working capital headwind you might end up with this year, in that $1.8 billion number?
Carol L. Roberts: No, I wouldn't speculate on where the working capital will go in the fourth quarter. There's so many moving parts to that. And there's also a piece of working capital that's at corporate, that -- accruals and other things that aren't directly tied to ops. So I think we'll see where the fourth quarter comes out, but it should be helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Not to belabor the point of Industrial Packaging. But industry inventories rose fairly sharply in June through August. And I'm just wondering, do you have any sense if that was intentional, or did you see the market get more competitive at all? Or anything that changes your view on the market. And also, maybe if you could address some of the capacities expansion news that's come out over the last month or so?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Okay, Gail, and this is Mark. On inventory, and I can only speak for International Paper on the inventory front. And for us, it was just running our business for, as I said, balancing the near-term needs and making sure we have the lowest possible supply chain cost as we go into what we know is going to be a maintenance outage season. And quite honestly, we weren't as prepared in this past first quarter and second quarter as we would have liked to have been, and we spent some money. We don't want to do that again. So for us, it was about really having our system be the most efficient, from a service platform and the cost standpoint. From the rest of the industry, I think every company, obviously, has its own issues with how they view inventory. On capacity, we are seeing, as everyone has recognized, some new capacity coming in the market. We haven't seen any, I would say, direct impact. But I think the -- the thing that will unfold over time is some of this product will probably find a home in certain segments, and then the secondary impact would be that we may see some additional suppliers showing up in some of the export markets. But so far, I think the new capacity coming on, it's not all the same type of product, and it's not all completely applicable to every segment we compete in. So we're monitoring that like we would in any other business issue.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And at Pulp and Paper Week over the weekend, reduced the premium on West Coast median. Do you see that as anything significant, as a distributable to maybe some of the excess supply in the East? Is there any comment you can make there?
Mark Stephan Sutton: No comment on that right now.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. You talked about, Tom, I guess, the U.S. Coated Board market and how there's not been an impact on Asia. I guess, last quarter you talked about China, maybe, bottoming out. Is that still your view, or is it still getting incrementally worse?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: I would say, it's kind of moving along on the bottom. It hasn't gotten materially worse. Pricing is about where it was. We're starting to see some of the high-cost capacity come out and be shut down, at least temporarily. So I would say that's offering a bit of an offset to some of the new capacity that's come online. But I would call it kind of bouncing along the bottom. And demand is actually getting a little bit better over there in Asia right now. So we're seeing that, as well as we're seeing some mixed improvement for ourselves.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. One last question. I guess there was a reference on the slide in terms of pension, about $1.5 billion on 100 basis points. Is that meant to just be a sense of what the sensitivity is? And if so, could you just give a sense of, based on what you're seeing today, what your pension deficit would look like entering 2014?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, that's illustrated. So 100 basis points equates to about that. And interest rates over the last few days have come down a little bit, so going the other direction. And if you look at that total accounting, funding, we do that at the end of the year, and it's a combination of how did our assets performed versus what's the liability math tell us. But directionally, it should be moving in the right direction for us. So it should be better at the end of this year than it was at the end of last year, unless something changes dramatically between now and year end.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But you can't put a number to that?
Carol L. Roberts: No, I couldn't. Because I'd have to be trying to predict what asset is going to do between now and the end of the year, and where are interest rates between now and the end of the year. And that would be -- if I could do that, I'd probably be doing something else.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: If you could just talk a little bit about the Brazilian Containerboard and India operations. I noticed -- I guess, India had a little bit of a step-back from the second quarter in terms of its performance. And then also, the Brazil -- the Brazilian acquisition, I know it's early days, but that really hasn't contributed either. So sort of what kind of ramp do you think we could expect for those as we go into '14? And do you expect each of them -- certainly, Brazil should be profitable, but do you think India will also turn the corner?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, it's Tim Nicholls. I'll talk about Brazil, and then turn it over to Tom for India. In Brazil, we've been squeezed this year. OCC has gone up dramatically, not precedent setting because we've seen this kind of cycles before. But we step into the operation right as OCC was taking off, and we saw our margin squeeze. So we've seen the worst of it. I expect margins to improve quite dramatically as we go into the fourth quarter. And I think the business has done a nice good job recovering price to cover the OCC increase. So we're still going to like the business a lot. We have no change in view on what we think the margin potential is. We -- even in a slower economic year, we still feel good about the growth this year going into next year. So it's unfortunate that we have margin compression, but I think we're on the road to recovery.
John V. Faraci: Chip, regarding India. The quarter that you see on, what is it, Page 33, that's all about an annual outage at Rajahmundry. We would have to get into the recovery boiler and do a lot of work. We were down for almost 25 days in the quarter. And we had a -- frankly, we had a pretty good September. 20,000 of the 40,000 tons that we sold in the quarter were sold in September. And we're set up for a good fourth quarter. The issue that we have been fighting, and the industry has been fighting over there, wood cost had run up as some competitors have added a pulping capacity. So pricing has been chasing wood cost increases for the better part of the year. And we're finally, at this point, I would say, catching up. So we had a pretty good September, and we expect a much better fourth quarter.
Jay Royalty: Tom, you might talk about the optimization of pulp [indiscernible] as well.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. We're running at about 500 tons a day in the Rajahmundry pulp mill. We have capacity to do more than that. And we're, frankly, waiting on consents from the government to allow us to do that. So we've got some upside on cost, as well as productivity that we're just waiting on. We hope that to come through by the end of the year.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then...
Thomas Gustave Kadien: [That's all we can make. So we're going to like it as we figure out how to make more.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then one last quick one for Carol. Just as a follow-up on the pension issue. If we -- let's just say, who knows what happens between now and year end. But let's say that interest rates were 100 basis points higher, it was the corporate rate. I'm just trying to read this correctly, and the stock market stays up for the year. I don't think we would be remised to first of all, expect that shortfall to fall below $3 billion. I can't imagine that wouldn't happen. And then if that did happen, and I know it's different from accounting versus what the government requires. But if we did see, at least from an accounting standpoint, that net number come down, could we see your plan contribution number that you've been talking about for the next few years maybe come down as we look at 2015 or '16?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Chip. Those are good questions. You're right. The math on your first part is if the 100 basis points stays in the market, it stays around where it is, there's going to be a significant reduction in the unfunded liability. And what you said is very accurate. So you're right also, relative to accounting versus funding. There are 2 different completely different sets of math. And from the funding, the 2014 funding and the '15, because there's a smoothing element to that, those are pretty well, I would say, locked in. The thing that could change that would be policy in D.C.. Law changes could change that, and that happened a couple of years ago. It could happen again, but not saying that or speculating. But the first 2 years, '14, '15 are locked in. Where a higher interest rate would help us, is -- you're also correct that it would start to feather in to what we would have to put into plan in the '16 to '17 timeframe. And it would reduce any money that we might have to put in there. So net-net, higher interest rates would be great. It would help us on the accounting and ultimately, it would support us on the funding as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Start off on the Courtland side. I wondered, either Tim Nicholls or Carol, can you give us some sense of just the EBITDA impact of that closure as we look forward, what's the hit look like from just not running that tonnage?
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's Tim, Mark. The way I would say it is this. We operate a system, and we have a mix of customers that we use the system to support. We had grown exports, we had grown some marginally profitable tons to fill up machine time over the past couple of years. And as we looked at the system that we had, we said, we can run a smaller system and do it better. So we're not going to forecast what earnings are going to be, but you can be assured that we look at the economics of we were going to run a system, and we have, in the 4 mills, a low-cost commodity set of assets. And even with [indiscernible] and Georgetown for they products they produce. We have a very low-cost system for specialty and value-added. So it's a combination of getting the right amount of capacity for the business that we want for the long-term, and not -- and from a capital allocation standpoint, keep investing in a system that sized larger than we need.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just one other question on Courtland, Tim. This is the third mill you've taken out of the white paper business now, having shutdown and then restarted part of Franklin and having converted Pensacola. I just wonder whether all of this affects you're thinking about investing in a new paper, another new paper machine down in Brazil?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, it's a great question, Mark. And the way we think about these options is based on the dynamics of the business. We view the uncoated freesheet markets around the world as very much regional markets. They have regional supply demand dynamics and margin dynamics. And so part of the complication around -- and we see this in Brazil, as we've told everyone. We're trying to grow into the region as fast as possible. Supply chains are long, you tie up cash and inventory, you have FX exposures. And depending on where you're planning to supply, you have different environmental certifications and forestry certifications that are required. So it's very hard to supply from one region of the world to the other for the long term. So it will be made on a case-by-case basis, region-by-region.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just a couple of Industrial Packaging questions. Mark Sutton, was there any impact in the third quarter from some of those West Coast contracts starting to roll off?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, you're speaking of the offtake agreement?
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Mark Stephan Sutton: So just to remind you, the offtake agreement is going for 3 years and there's a decreasing step down. So it's going to, over time, have an effect, but we don't expect any sharp effect. We've got to manage that as part of our supply chain, and it's a -- in the first year, and even in the second year, it's a pretty big part of our supply chain. So I would say, it has a sort of effect to the plan. And we've organized that step-down so that it works for us and our customers and our supply chain.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then, another question I have was just, with some of these new capacity, the machine conversion, some of these, the discussion of new lightweight recycled mills, I just wonder whether there's anything you could do with that idled 400,000 ton machine at Valliant to look at making lightweight recycled on that machine? And what would it take for you to restart or retool that machine?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think, we -- Carol mentioned it in her comments, that's one of the options we have for some very low-cost capacity that is available for us, if we need it. And we look at the whole system, Mark. And based on that and our demand of our customers, we'll decide what type of products we actually need to make. Because as you know, every Containerboard mill is not the same. And so we haven't -- we're not prepared to talk about an estimate or anything, what it would take, capital-wise, to change the great output of that machine. But rest assured, all of that is in our consideration. But the main thing is, we'll bring capacity on if need it for the demand of our customers and for improving and getting at this optimization that Carol talked about in this new Industrial Packaging system.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. Then the last one is just, in the Industrial Packaging down in Brazil, you did a 7% margin this quarter. I think Klabin is up in the kind of low- to mid-30s, but they own forests so that presumably helps them, I think, kind of mid-West A Coast businesses, kind of somewhere between. What is a reasonable target, do you think, for kind of an EBITDA margin at Orsa?
Timothy S. Nicholls: So it's like what we said when we acquired the business. We think it could be solidly the mid-20s. So our view on margin opportunity has not changed, Mark.
John V. Faraci: Mark, I'd add just a comment out of capacity. I mean, our objective in all our businesses is to make what our customers require with a minimum amount of assets. So the fewer machines, fewer facilities, and so, we'll run our system as hard as we can. We're going to make the right products and only start up more capacity if we absolutely need it.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions on Industrial Packaging. Carol outlined the $200 million optimization opportunity. And I was wondering if there was any sense of the timing to realize that opportunity, or if you're counting on any real improvement in the Containerboard markets over the last couple of years to realize that? And then switching to EMEA. You referenced the margin squeeze with box prices lagging Containerboard increases. Is this a sort of a normal lag, or are you seeing increased competitive pressure in boxes? Or how should we think about that going into 4Q?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, this is Mark. On the optimization, I think the optimization that we're talking about, that $200 million, really isn't about the market dynamic. It was about internal initiatives. Our mill system, optimizing the 16 mills and getting a lower average cost across those mills and including, in the supply chain. And the other part was on the commercial side and really just looking at the new box system and making sure we're making the right products in the right box plants and that we upgrade the segments and the customers within those segments. And that's -- we're already underway on some of that, and that's an ongoing process that I think we'll take. I think we originally said, post synergy period of the 24 months, we're not waiting to get started on that. But I would say, that's over the next couple of years. And if you could repeat the second question?
Carol L. Roberts: It was the EMEA box margin...
John V. Faraci: I can talk to that, Mark. What's happening is, you've got to remember, Europe is just coming out of a huge recession, so there's a lot of pressure on market demand. So it's more difficult with demand being negative year-over-year, certainly, in the Industrial segments, to get box prices up, as board prices are coming up. I think absent that, if we had a more normal economic environment, you'd see a quicker flow through.
Carol L. Roberts: What those -- to add also to that, John is exactly right. It does ebb and flow there. So if you look at the margins as an independent converter in Europe, there's -- kind of go up and down a little bit. But we feel pretty confident that as board goes up, ultimately, box prices will go up as well. And we're just in the trough part of that. We hit the trough part of that in the third quarter.
John V. Faraci: So let me wrap up and say, it was a very good quarter for International Paper. We performed to record levels. We've got more to come in 2014. We're going to generate a lot of cash. We're going to use it in a balanced way that creates value for our shareholders. That's the story, and we'll be talking more about it as we revisit with you in -- for the fourth quarter in January. Thanks.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, John, and thanks, all of you for taking the time to join us this morning, as always. Michele and I will be available after the call. We look forward to speaking with you, and our phone numbers are on Page 24 of the appendix. So have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Royalty - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers - The America's Region Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Jay Royalty, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jay Royalty: Thanks, Christy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining International Paper's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call this morning. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2013 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, given our expanded disclosure around our Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody. Let me just jump right in and say in the second quarter, International Paper delivered solid performance, increasing our EBITDA by $100 million, 10% over the first quarter of this year and the second quarter of last year to over $1 billion. And importantly, we continue to generate very strong cash flow from operations and free cash flow. I'll talk about that in a minute. We've got strong results from Industrial Packaging, driven by increased pricing, seasonally stronger volumes, coupled with, I'd say, very solid results out of Brazil and our European, Russian paper business. Those were the biggest drivers of our improved results during the quarter. We continue to see improved business conditions in our Coated Paperboard business as evidenced by increased volume and pricing momentum that increased through the quarter. Additionally, we executed our peak outages. This was the peak quarter for outages around the world. As we come to expect International Paper, we did that on time, on budget; in some cases, came up early. We continue to control costs effectively in a challenging, both U.S. market and global environment. And last week, we -- as we reported last Friday, we closed on the sale of the Temple Building Products business. This $710 million transaction with Georgia-Pacific, in addition to the sale of our share in a joint venture that was embedded in that building products business for $20 million, resulted in net proceeds to IP of $730 million as we expected. Additionally, the business generated $40 million of free cash flow during the time we operated it in 2013. So I'm pleased with the results of that process, took a little longer than we thought, but I want to wish everybody in that business all the best as they join the GP team. We did have a couple of sizable onetime items in the quarter. We took a bad debt charge of $28 million, attributable to our expected exposure with a large customer in our North American Printing Papers business, National Envelope. They filed for bankruptcy during the quarter, and we'll speak to more of the details on that shortly. And secondly, we realized an unfavorable noncash foreign exchange swing in our Ilim Joint Venture related to a stronger dollar and the JV's U.S. dollar-denominated debt. But all in, a very good quarter in terms of executing well and delivering solid results. And importantly, as I'll come to at the end, I think we're set up well for significant improvement in our earnings, cash from operations and free cash flow in the third quarter. So moving to our financial overview slide on Slide 6. Our revenues were up about 3% quarter-over-quarter. EBITDA margins improved by 70 basis points, and cash from operations was up sequentially -- substantially quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. As I said at the outset, most importantly, free cash flow continues to grow with strong results from the second quarter, $450 million, that's up 70% from the second quarter of 2012 and up 50% in the first quarter of 2013. As I said in the first quarter, our cash flow story remains intact and we're on track to deliver full year free cash flow for International Paper in 2013 approaching $2 billion. So now let me turn it over to Carol. She'll give you a closer look at the quarter, and I'll come back and talk about the outlook for the third quarter and then we'll all answer your questions at the end. So Carol?
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Taking a look at the second quarter bridge from Q1, we earned $0.64 per share from continuing operations and before special items. As John said, it was a good quarter, with good improvement in pricing, seasonally stronger volumes, largely driven in Industrial Packaging, but we also saw that in our Consumer Packaging and Brazilian paper business. Additionally, our operations and cost performance across the businesses were solid and we executed our outages very well, as John mentioned. Miscellaneous corporate costs were lower than the higher-than-expected cost that we saw in Q1, and taxes returned to a more normalized level during the quarter of roughly 30%. As John mentioned, the charge for the National Envelope bankruptcy hit us in the quarter. At the time of NEC's bankruptcy filing, we had a total exposure of about $42 million. We have taken steps to mitigate, and we're confident that we should be able to reduce that potential impact by about $14 million once the bankruptcy process plays out. So there for net-net, we booked a bad debt charge of $28 million in the quarter. And finally, for the Ilim JV, we did experience a noncash FX swing that negatively impacted EPS by $0.05. Moving to Slide 8. We experienced our heaviest planned maintenance outage quarter of the year. We executed 11 mill outages in total, all of which went as expected and this resulted in nearly 200,000 tons of capacity idled during the quarter, over -- which about half within the Industrial Packaging business. Moving on to global input costs. It was kind of a bit of a mixed bag in the quarter, with fiber and energy providing a bit of a headwind, while chemicals actually decreased slightly in the quarter. OCC costs were up during the quarter, and wood cost negatively impacted our Printing Papers business. And I would say, looking forward, due to the weather challenges that continue to plague the Eastern U.S., we see wood cost as a growing concern and a cost headwind as we move into Q3. So let me turn to the businesses, and start with Industrial Packaging. And as you can see, our Industrial Packaging business posted a strong second quarter as we get to see the benefits of the implementation of the April price increase. The board price increase was implemented, and box prices in North America were up on average $10 per ton quarter-over-quarter. We did see seasonally strong volume in North America and that was predominantly in our agricultural market, which is a big part of our second quarter business. And this did contribute to the improved results as well. On the -- across the other side of the ocean, the economic conditions in our EMEA Packaging business continue to be challenged, and this impacted both pricing and volume in the quarter. What we're seeing in Europe is margins that are under pressure due to some rising board costs and lower box prices. This was made more difficult for us because of a subpar agricultural season, which was really impacted by the weather that had transpired over winter and into the spring, and this impacted our sales volume in the strong fresh fruit and vegetable segment for us. Once again, we executed the planned annual maintenance outages well and operations remained solid throughout the quarter for the overall business. Slide 11's one that we feel particularly good about. Improved prices, combined with solid operating results, added over 300 basis points across our business in the second quarter and this was for our North American Industrial Packaging business. EBITDA margin for this business is poised to grow further as we get further price improvement. And as we'll talk about, continued optimization of this very important and large business for the company. Let's talk a little bit about pricing on Slide 12. As we look at the expectations around the current North American price increase, we'll see significant realization in the third quarter. The timing issue that we saw with the board purchases from the divested mills is largely behind us, and we saw that in the second quarter as we begin to realize the box price increases associated with those board purchases. We do expect to more than double our realization of the box price increase in the third quarter, and we have line of sight of full recovery as we head into the fourth quarter. Chart 13 shows the significant growth that IP has had in the Industrial Packaging business through the acquisitions of Weyerhaeuser, and more recently, Temple-Inland. We're on a path to increase total EBITDA dollars in our North American business by more than 5x from the 2005 to 2007 level, and key to that is that has come as the result of the delivery of nearly $1 million of synergies to the bottom line, along with other key improvements to the base business. Great news is we're not done. As we've discussed previously, we -- Mark and the team has been extremely busy integrating 2 big acquisitions over the last 5 years, so there remains a tremendous opportunity to optimize this greatly expanded business that we've built. Just to kind of put a face of that. We have a manufacturing system that comprises 17 board mills and over 160 converting plants. We ship to more than 15,000 customers and nearly 44,000 locations. So the scale and complexity of the system's great, and that's a good thing because with that comes a lot of opportunity for improvement. And we believe that we can deliver in excess of another $200 million in additional benefits over the next few years. This comes in the areas that you would expect: improved mill performance, improved box plant efficiencies, reduced costs, streamlining the supply chain and upgrading the commercial portfolio. So all in all, a great story. Talking some more about Industrial Packaging, let's shift our focus to the new Brazilian Packaging business Orsa IP, which we're reporting on our first full quarter since the close of the acquisition that happened on January 15. And I will remind you that we are reporting this business on a 1-month lag, so the results represented here are for the period of March ending in May. We've very excited that the Brazilian box market continues to grow at a strong pace, roughly 4%. While we saw higher OCC cost in the second quarter that did impact our margins, we have announced and have begun implementing a box increase on the basis of that strong demand and increased input costs. We do expect the price increase to more than recover those increased costs and improve our margins. Additionally, the Orsa IP team has structured earnings improvement plans around the synergies that we have line of sight on, productivity improvements, particularly in the mills that provides great opportunity. And we should see those kinds of benefits accruing in the third quarter. So all in all, we are very excited about the acquisition, and we remain very confident in the prospects that this business has and our ability to deliver on the commitments that we've made. Moving on to Consumer Packaging on Slide 15. In our Consumer Packaging business, we saw improved volumes and operations, which was primarily in North America that improved overall segment profits, absent the very high heavy outage season that we saw. Market conditions in North America continue to be strong. We're seeing some price momentum through the quarter that also contributed to the results. And as many of you've seen, as I've shown on Slide 16, you can see the significantly improved market conditions that we've been seeing over the last couple of months. This is the industry data as reported by the AF&PA and it shows that the backlog of unmade SBS orders has increased significantly over the last couple of quarters and really remains at the highest level that we've seen in the last 2 years. We've implemented price increases since Q1, and based on this continued strong fundamentals and tight market conditions, we've announced an additional $45 per ton increase on folding carton board that we announced on July 9. So all in all, we feel good about our North American Consumer Packaging business and really feel that we've hit an inflection point and are heading in a good direction. Moving on to Printing Papers on Slide 17. In our Printing Papers business, operating profits came in at $76 million versus $149 million in the first quarter. We did see improved pricing, driven largely by pulp in Brazil, along with seasonally stronger volumes in Brazil. Along with some benefit from market pulp price increases, we really saw an improvement in our pulp mix and this was driven largely by the successful start-up and qualification of the Franklin mill on fluff pulp. And this is, once again, speaks to system flexibility and system capability due to the pulp system that we have and the flexibility we have. We were able to run Franklin full on 100% fluff because Riegelwood has a lot of capability. But I want to say that we've only added and introduced to the market the fluff that's required by the demand that's warranted by our customers. So at Riegelwood, we've been able to swing from fluff to softwood bales for an overall system benefit. And that's just really good news about the strength of our pulp system. In this business, as we expected, it was our heaviest maintenance outage quarter. And additionally, as we've already talked about, we did experience the bad debt write-off of $28 million related to National Envelope. Moving to 18, here's the results on Brazil. Brazil built on a very strong first quarter result, with even better results in the second quarter. EBITDA margins expanded to 34%, and this was driven by an increased mix of domestic business, which had better margins, some favorable FX gains and then lower operating costs associated with the new biomass boiler at Mogi, which has gone very well. I will note, however, that we did see some key export paper markets soften a bit as we headed into the end of the quarter. xpedx, on Page 19, had a much better quarter due to improved costs in the face of, really, what I would categorize as continued challenging business conditions. And this resulted in an overall operating profit improvement of $15 million quarter-over-quarter. And the team definitely remains focused on executing the things they can control, and they are executing well against our business improvement plan. Just a comment, as we continue to work towards our transaction with Unisource to spin and merge the businesses, as a reminder, we signed the LOI with Unisource on April 19. Since then, we've done a very -- a significant amount of work on a number of fronts, parallel path, including the continued preparation of financial information needed to facilitate the potential transaction. We continue to believe that the proposed transaction will be beneficial to both businesses and definitely to the IP share owners. And we are working toward a deal and we'll see this process play out over the next few months and through the end of the year. So talking about our Ilim Joint Venture. On the joint venture, we have seen significant progress in the second quarter with the start-up of the capital projects at both Bratsk and Koryazhma. We've now moved from start-up to ramp-up, and we plan to reach full production capacity of these projects by year end. Outside of the business operations, the JV did experience a negative FX impact associated with the $1 billion of U.S. denominated debt that we mark-to-market at the end of each quarter. Taking a look at Slide 21, this clearly illustrates where the JV is with the start-up and ramp-up of the project and what's expected over the next couple of quarters. The second quarter saw the greatest impact, with start-up costs roughly double what we saw in the first quarter. And although the start-up costs will be significantly less in the third quarter, there are still costs that are associated with ramping up the new capabilities to full production that continues to be somewhat of a headwind. Ilim does expect to have the vast majority on these start-up and ramp-up costs behind us by the fourth quarter, at which time we'll really start to see more significant benefits from the project. All in all, Ilim expects the benefits that we'll realize from the projects in '13 to outweigh the costs. However, there's no doubt that the benefits are going to be heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter, and more importantly, flow into next year, 2014. So let me shift the focus now to the third quarter outlook as depicted on Slide 22. We see seasonally lower volume, and importantly, one less shipping day, which, for us, is about 40,000 tons of production in North American Industrial Packaging. And you have to remember that, for us, we have a heavy ag mix and the second quarter for this industry is just a big agricultural quarter. While we continue to see seasonally higher volumes in Brazil papers, business conditions in Western Europe will continue to provide challenges, particularly in our EMEA Packaging business. Overall, on price, we'll be higher in the third quarter and that's driven primarily by the North American box increase that we discussed earlier. All in all, other price mix will be largely flat, while we expect continued pressure potentially in Europe. We continue to see solid operations, which is the largest quarter-to-quarter swing coming as a result of the non-recurrence of the National Envelope bad debt expense. We do expect some headwinds on input costs, primarily fiber, and that comes in a number of places: wood in North American papers, higher wood and energy in European and Russian papers and higher in OCC and wood in our Industrial Packaging business. Maintenance outages will be significantly less, $94 million lower than the second quarter, which was our peak. And while the start-up costs associated with the Ilim projects will be substantially less as we spoke, ramp-up costs, along with some potential near-term risks to pulp prices in China, will likely result in a relatively flat operational quarter. And we will then have the benefit of the non-recurrence of the second quarter currency swing. So with that outline, what I'd like to do now is turn it back over to John to summarize and wrap up.
John V. Faraci: Yes, thanks, Carol. I guess the way to summarize is I feel good about where we are and how the second half of the year is shaping up, not based on so much on a robust economic outlook, but more on our ability to execute and deliver results in the second quarter and kind of the run rate momentum we came out of the second quarter at kind of June going into July. The U.S. and global economies are still recovering. But the cash flow we're able to generate, I think, gives me encouragement that we're going to have a substantially better second half of the year than the first half. As Carol described, we realized about 20% of the benefits of the price increase in Industrial Packaging on the second quarter and have line of sight to the rest of it in the third and fourth quarter, and that's going to continue to further expand our already industry-leading EBITDA margins. Trends in our North America Consumer Packaging business are improving. We expect to realize improved supply-demand conditions that Carol referred to in the industry. And as you know, we made the tough decision to take down a machine at Augusta earlier in the year and that certainly improved our supply-demand balance as we look at our customer base. The third quarter is the lowest maintenance outage period of the year. And I'm pleased and positive that the heavy lifting's behind us on the Ilim capital projects. We completed those projects. As Carol said, we're into the start-up mode now, and we'll have start-up costs. We had a lot in the second quarter. We'll have a significant amount in the third quarter. But as we get to the end of the year, those will be behind us. And at the big tailwind, those projects completed a big tailwind for International Paper and for the JV as we go into 2014. And most importantly, we're generating strong free cash flow and we'll continue to build on this in the third and fourth quarters. As I said last quarter, we expect to have cash -- free cash flow approaching $2 billion this year, and that outlook remains intact. Additionally, we have more clear now, which we're a year into it, a more clear line of sight into the $5 billion EBITDA we've talked about last year and I'll describe on this last slide here. As I wrap up the call, I just want to give you an update on that. And this slide shows our expected EBITDA potential at mid-cycle margins. We're probably going to get there a different way than we outlined but the reality is International Paper's got a lot of levers to pull, so the good news is when things change, we can take advantage of opportunities and offset the challenges. So there are some headwinds and some tailwinds. There's more runway in Industrial Packaging, which Carol shared with you. We continue to see margin expansion opportunities within that business. The optimization opportunities are huge. When you think about 5 years ago, IP had a $3 billion to $4 billion business and now it's a $12 billion business. Beyond that, we can capitalize on our global footprint and capabilities in the Printing Papers business as we effectively and profitably move mix around the world to optimize margin opportunities. So those are some of the tailwinds. We've got headwinds as well, mainly in the form of softer demand, probably everywhere in the world. And pulp prices that continue to be well below mid-cycle levels. The oversupply situation that was -- that exists in coated paperboard in China is going to be with us for a while. The joint venture is operating well but there's a lot of excess capacity. And we didn't see all that at the time. So we've got pluses and minuses, but importantly, with all that said, we continue to see the potential of our portfolio as generating over $5 billion EBITDA, and that's not counting Ilim, which, as you know, is equity earnings and dividends. So let me turn it over to the operator now, and we'll all take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, my first question is around pricing within the North American box market. I know discussion on pricing can be sensitive to talk about on a conference call, but is the pace of the increase and its implementation pretty much going as you would expect, more quickly or less quickly, and if you can give some color around that? If there is any variance, that will be great. And I had a couple of follow-ons.
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, this is Mark Sutton. Box market realization, if you remember what we said at the end of the first quarter, is about where we thought it would be. So we're on track. The $10 in the second quarter really manifested itself in the last month of the quarter. But as we left Q2, our run rate was north of $30 a ton. So we're pretty much on schedule. We have confidence that we'll have the whole price increase realized just as we did on the first one from last year before the end of this year.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And related question, just on North American containerboard and boxes, can you give us some update early in the quarter in terms of what you've seen in terms of volume, booking, whatever you feel like talking about thus far within July?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I'd be happy to. July has started off good for us. We had talked about our year-over-year comps for the last couple of quarters, and we've been tracking below our prior year comps. We're beginning to see that turn, as I mentioned a quarter ago, as we now have kind of lapped ourselves in some of the business that we were restructuring right after the Temple close. So, so far in July, we're up over last year and we're up sequentially. So we feel pretty good about it. It's early in the quarter, but we feel pretty good about it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Last one and then I'll turn it over. Clearly, National Envelope had an impact on you in the quarter and the Printing Papers business, but if I look at the detail that you provide regionally, and again, we really appreciate that, and to all the details that you provide during your presentation, it certainly was not a great profitability quarter for North American Printing Papers. What mile marker should we look to? What factors should we consider relative to what you were looking at as you look at your mill system in North American Printing Papers and whether over time you might need to further adjust that system?
Timothy S. Nicholls: George, it's Tim. Just looking at North American Printing Papers, I would say we had, outside of National Envelope, the quarter that we kind of expected we would, we could have run a little bit better. But if you look at the fundamentals around price and volume and mix, we were kind of flat from first quarter to second quarter. So we knew we were going to have a big outage quarter. We had almost $40 million more in outages. We executed those outages very well. We continue to leverage the export markets at an enterprise level to make sure that we're managing our capacity effectively. And I think that's the plan going forward. We still got opportunities to work with Europe and Brazil and make sure that we're producing product in the right place for the right markets. I also believe there's an opportunity around operations in the second half, now having our outages behind us.
John V. Faraci: George, this is John. Just let me add -- quantify that -- there's $70 million of quarter-to-quarter change in that segment that's solely attributable to the North American Printing Papers business. I mean, you take the outages in North America and National Envelope.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Fair point. So are you at cost of capital within North American Printing Papers?
Timothy S. Nicholls: We are, as we look out for the year. Now obviously, in the second quarter, we had a heavy outage quarter. But I think we're looking at it more than just quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Ng of Jefferies.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: After accounting for $1 billion of debt paydown and the proceeds from your building product sales and the free cash flow you're generating, it would imply that you probably have $1 billion in excess cash to spend. How should we be thinking about that cash being deployed over the course of the year?
Carol L. Roberts: Philip, this is Carol. Yes, that's exactly the math that we see as well. And so as we continue to look at that capital allocation, the first thing we'll do is we'll continue to reevaluate the dividend relative to that free cash flow. And today, we're in the low end of our target range of the 30% to 40% of free cash flow, so that's certainly an option. We'll continue to look at the debt. That always presents an option to see where we want to go with that. Obviously, another mechanism for returning cash to share owners could be through the form of a share buyback. So that's something that we'll look at and talk about. And then we'll also continue to look at what are the best investments for creating value for our share owners for today and tomorrow. So I think the great news is, is we have options and all of those options remain on the table.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then for Consumer Packaging, demand is decent for Bleached Board, but I'm kind of surprised that backlogs have been that robust, and certainly, you guys played a role in that. Can you just give me -- us a little more perspective on what's driving that pickup there? And have you seen any impact from the ivory board capacity that's coming on from China?
John V. Faraci: Kadien, you want to take that one?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, sure. I would characterize demand as much better than decent. We've seen, as you see in the chart that's in the deck, backlogs have really skyrocketed. I would say that they're not sustainable at 600,000 tons. But clearly, we've seen some rebuilding of inventory in the channels. But more importantly, our customer activity is very strong, particularly in the folding and plate areas and also in the Foodservice. So we took out capacity. There was a little bit of inventory rebuild, but we and our customers, most importantly, are feeling some real strong demand. On the buildup of capacity in Asia, we're not seeing a lot of impact on that in North America. Clearly, we're feeling it with our JV in China, but there's, I think, inventory -- excuse me, imports are up probably 20% but on a small base, and I think we're running on like 100,000 ton rate for the year. So that's really not impacting us, and certainly, not in our core segments like cup stock and folding carton.
Philip Ng - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And just sticking on that theme on China with -- and when you guys flagged how there could be some downside risk on pulp prices in China, could that weigh on your Asia business out there? Because prices -- your box board prices do kind of move with pulp prices historically, right?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, we are largely nonintegrated in our joint venture, and we certainly follow pulp costs. And right now, the supply and demand is way out of balance and it's driving the pricing. So pricing is very, very competitive. And I, frankly, I don't think it can go a whole lot lower from where it is without impacting a large part of the cost curve. So I think it's bouncing around near the bottom.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Two things. Can you talk about your pan-European-North Africa container footprint? You made a strategic decision there. And this quarter's maybe sloppier performance aside, that does seem to have been the right decision. Are you satisfied with that footprint? Or do you want to grow further in converting there? And also, would you consider expanding in folding carton? And I'm not really thinking about [indiscernible]. I'm just thinking about carton in general and your Consumer Packaging footprint.
John V. Faraci: Mark, this is John. Let me take the box business in Europe first. Our box business in Europe is France, Italy, Spain, Morocco and Turkey. Morocco and Turkey are doing quite well from the demand standpoint and from a profitability standpoint. We're going to have a record year in Morocco. The -- so the geographic footprint is really in the fruit and vegetable segment for Europe and what Europe, Southern Europe, exports to other parts of the world like Russia. We like that. There's no getting around the fact that the Industrial segments in France, Italy and Spain are just what you would expect they would be, very soft. So we're going to have to manage through a difficult time, but I think we like the fact that we bought out -- our partner wanted to sell us their stake in the joint venture we had in Turkey. So now we own 100% of it. We're able to do that at what we thought was fair price and a good price and so we own 100% of that business. And we certainly are glad that we invested in Morocco when we did. Would we expand in that business? Yes, we would if we saw the right opportunity that capitalized on our existing strengths, which is really serving the fruit and vegetable market. But everything between Morocco and Turkey right now looks a little bit unstable. I think we're going to sit back and watch. Folding cartons, we like -- in North America, we like the fact that we're in the coated board business and we like being in the Foodservice business and don't see any need or reason to be in the folding carton business.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just one quick question for Tim. You talked a bit about white paper. Can you talk about whether you're seeing more pressure in cut size? We're starting to hear that there are more deals again in cut size relative to roll. Just curious if you're seeing that.
John V. Faraci: Before Tim takes that one, Mark. The other thing I'd say is we bought out our partner in Turkey but we still have 12% that's held by the public. So -- and we're -- we don't own all of it.
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's Tim. We haven't seen any significant pressure on cut size. There are -- there's a lot of chatter in the market around imports, the threat of imports, and what might be about to happen. That's been maybe a constant theme over -- quarter-by-quarter over the past year, 1.5 years. It hasn't materialized to date in a significant way, so I think it's more buzz at this point. But there's no doubt there's some marginal tons that are flowing in. But it's marginal tons, very low quantities that are showing up episodically, and I think just one shipment gets talked about 10 times. So no, we have not seen any major pressure on cut size pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just starting with the free cash flow target for the year of approaching $2 billion. In the first half of year, hear you have about a $400 million headwind from working capital, understanding some of that's seasonally and you also had these containerboard price increases that are flowing through that can impact that. So Carol, I was hoping maybe you could kind of help us think through how you would think about working capital for the year in terms of hitting that number, given the $750 million of free cash in the first half.
Carol L. Roberts: Phil, you're correct that the consuming of the free cash for working capital in the first half of the year was driven by those 2 phenomenons: the seasonality of the business, as well as the Industrial Packaging price increase. Obviously, the Industrial Packaging price increase will stay with us, but your December sales are just very different than your end of your second quarter and even the end of your first quarter. So that will naturally reverse. And if you look underneath, we feel very good about our metrics relative to days sales outstanding, days of inventory and whatnot. So all of those metrics, we feel, are in pretty good control. So we should see a flip back on that by year end.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So you would expect to get closer to neutral.
Carol L. Roberts: I wouldn't speculate on exactly what the number is because like we said, we do have a price increase in North American Industrial Packaging, that's a pretty big business. But it won't be the consumption of working capital that we've had so far through the first 6 months.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure, okay. And then John, I know you're not trying to manage the consensus here, understood, but -- and I guess, if I just kind of look at all these moving pieces around the third quarter, the Street's at $1.15 and it seems to me that there's some headwinds here. So any way you could kind of put a bogey around how we should think about the earnings side of things for this quarter, just to kind of calibrate? I mean, it seems like it might be closer to $1 to me, but I may be off. I was hoping you could maybe put a little bit of parameter on that.
John V. Faraci: We don't give guidance, as you know, and the way I think about it is, where are we going from the second quarter? And we see significant improvement in earnings and cash from operations and free cash flow in the third quarter. And then that's based on how we executed in the second quarter, the run rate in June and what we're seeing at the beginning of July. So I think about a significant improvement in earnings from the second quarter.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then the last question, just on input costs. Any change to your view on this $200 million headwind? I think that you had thought about before for the year in light of what you've talked about with these higher wood prices and other inputs.
Carol L. Roberts: Phil, I would say that things come and go and so I still think that's a good planning assumption for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mark, how would you characterize your North American containerboard inventories at this point? Are they as high as you would like them to be?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Adam, I'd say we had a big outage first half of the year, so it was very difficult for us to make any real progress in inventory. So I'd say, in general, we're still a bit on the lean side. We got to learn something in the fourth quarter last year that we will try not to repeat this year in terms of heading into heavy outages with the, not only the amount, but the quality of the inventory, meaning, the right grades and the right location. So I'd say we're still a little bit on the lean side right now.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And John, just 2 for you. One is, can you characterize the changes in economic trends in the regions in which you operate in recent weeks? Any notable changes in June or to this point in July?
John V. Faraci: I think it's more of the same. Every place is a little different, but it's really more of the same.
Adam J. Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one more, John. As you know, The Wall Street Journal published an article not too long ago about the Ilim Joint Venture and about the risks associated with that investment. Would you care to comment on that?
John V. Faraci: Yes, I would. I mean, our view -- my view is the article missed important aspects of the story around the joint venture with our Russian partners. And first of all, that joint venture is unique in our industry, but we're in year 6 of what had been very successful commercially, if you look at the impact on International Paper. We've got good governance, and we've got a strong and effective board and joint venture management. And the kind of -- the reality is, here's an example of a Russian company, U.S. company coming together, doing something that neither of us could do on our own. We just completed $1 billion of capital projects to expand, upgrade and modernize and improve the environmental footprint of an important industry in Russia. That project in Siberia is one of the biggest ones in the industry, in Russian industry, I think, in over 30 years. And in one way, we're helping to diversify the Russian economy and business in an industry where they're very competitive, and that's forest products industry. And finally -- or you see it favored by both the Russian and the U.S. government. And I guess, finally, I'd say that the working relationship and trust and mutual respect we've built together over the last 6 years is real, it's important and it's the key reason the joint venture has been successful. So overall, we think it's -- the story about the joint venture is a positive one with a lot of upside and so we're pleased with both JV and the partnership. The joint venture has been successful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In Industrial Packaging, you had a good price realization, but you also called out a 3% volume decline year-over-year in North American container. And I'm just wondering, is there anything that happened in the quarter in terms of share shift or maybe some account rationalization with Temple that you can point out that would explain the volume decline, especially in light of what sounded like a pretty good ag season?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, the year-over-year volume decline has been a bit of a trend for the last several quarters. And most of it is related to the -- 2 things, really, the acquisition and integration of Temple in the first half of last year. We made some changes commercially to some business that we had. There were some business that Temple was in the process of losing as we closed on the deal. And then as we implemented the price increase last fall, we made further commercial decisions. And so all that business was in last year's comps and it's not in this year's. But we feel real good about our volume trend now in the first quarter and in the second quarter. We've rebuilt some of that volume that we moved away from. And we talk about this. We're overweighted in some segments as a result of 2 big acquisitions and maybe some segments that have struggled a little bit more in this economy versus some other segments. So we're working to rebalance our segment portfolio. And then we have the other 2 channels that we believe are important and I think our margins show the results of that. We feel strongly about the open market in the domestic sense, and we feel strongly about the export open market for kraft linerboard. And so we look at all 3 of those segments and adjust our sales revenue through those segments on a continuous basis to optimize the business and looking at the margins and a few other metrics as our guide.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. Maybe just switching to the box side in Europe. You referenced some pressure on box prices and a weaker ag season in Europe. And I'm just wondering, as you exited the quarter and into July, are you seeing that price pressure continue? Are you seeing any stabilization? Or any kind of comments you can give on European box prices currently?
John V. Faraci: I don't think we're seeing a lot of -- there's always pressure; it's a competitive business. So to say there's no pressure on box prices would not be correct. But we're not seeing weak box prices. What's happened is there's been a little bit of compression on margins because containerboard prices have gone up and box prices haven't. There's been a bit of a mix shift and so some of the realization loss we have is not price related, it's mix related. We had a plant in Italy. It was destroyed by an earthquake. We rebuilt that plant, and in the process, we kept most of the customers but some of the customers moved some business in other directions. And so we've got some work to do to rebuild our mix, but I wouldn't say there's a lot of pressure on box prices in Europe other than the normal competitive activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carol, can you talk maybe a little bit more about how you think about debt? And specifically, where you see the pension falling? And as you look towards applying the GP, the building products sale proceeds and the rising EBITDA that you're expecting in the back half, how you think you'll be looking at debt as you exit the year?
Carol L. Roberts: Sure, Gail. Well, let me just talk about the pension real quickly. And as you know, with interest rates rising, the higher discount rate helps on the liability side. And so the rule of thumb for International Paper is about 100 basis points is equivalent to $1.5 billion of liability, given where Treasuries ended at the end of the -- or at least at point of time today. That's probably a $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion reduction in our unfunded liability. And that's all good news. That helped, primarily really, from a credit metric perspective, and then longer term, it should help on the funding side. So that said, the way we think about debt is we want to pay some more debt down. We want to pay that debt down effectively. We've got a number of choices to do that. Now that we've gotten the funds from the building products, we're in a position to work on that. I mean, we've got a great treasury group who's looking at those options. So we're still thinking that the debt reduction for the company this year is going to be in the $600 million to $700 million range of net debt reduction by the time the year is over. That's kind of our planning from this point. And we've also made the one pension cash contribution that was required for 2013. That was only $31 million, but we've taken care of that and that's done.
John V. Faraci: Still a lot of room, Gail, for this year and certainly more next year for a very balanced use of cash that we've talked about with all of you over time. We're still committed to that. I think we're generating the cash to be able to make decisions consistent with that.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And Mark, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of export markets for board? Any changes there?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Gail, the export markets, we saw price increases through the second quarter. I think we're heading into what generally is a seasonally slower period in some of the export markets. We're in pretty much all of them to some degree. So I think we see a stable outlook as we head into the second half of the year, both on volume and probably a pricing standpoint. But the third quarter, in particular, tends to be on balance across the export regions a bit of a seasonally slower period from a demand standpoint.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just in terms of inflation, the wood cost inflation that you're discussing, is that really just weather related? Is there anything more fundamental with OSB mills restarting and anything else that will be pressuring prices?
John V. Faraci: It's weather related, Gail. We've seen that OSB and wood products pressure all year because housing has been coming back quite strong. It's -- I think we got 20 inches of rain in the Riegelwood area in the 40-day period. So we got a lot of mills over in that area of Eastover, Georgetown, Augusta, Riegelwood. So the East side is getting hit harder for us than the West.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. In terms of fluff pulp, are you starting to see any benefit or impact in the market with Rayonier having completed the conversion at Jesup?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, Gail, it's Tim. I wouldn't characterize it that way. I think we're generally seeing fluff pulp continue to grow at the rate similarly that we expect it to. For us, we're bringing on capacity this year that Carol referenced that we're bringing on, trying to, in the most intelligent way possible. So out of the 300,000 ton increment of additional capacity we're probably going to be around 200,000 that flows to the fluff pulp markets. Having said that, we'll get a better benefit out of Franklin because we're going to try to run and we will be out of 300,000 run rate in Franklin on fluff but we'll balance it out with other mill operations on the softwood side. So we still see 4% annual growth on fluff and no real new capacity coming on. So as capacity comes out, it should help but we haven't seen it materially yet.
Operator: Our final question will be coming from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just have some segment questions. First of all, you mentioned that you were seeing some weakness in some of the export uncoated free sheet markets in -- toward the end of the second quarter. Can you give us a little color on that?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, Mark, it's Tim. I think a part of it is just seasonal impact. We're in one of the dog days of summer and we saw some markets slow toward the end of the second quarter, continue into the first part of July. I don't expect that to last for the rest of the quarter or the rest of the year. But -- and it's not a significant downturn. It's just on the margin.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then for Mark Sutton, I noticed, Mark, on some of the presentations recently, you guys have been putting on a little dotted line for that idled machine up at Valliant. And I just wondered if you can give us a little color on how you think about that machine, particularly with the industry operating at a very high operating rate right now?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. There's a machine at Valliant, along with a number of other small opportunities, are things we constantly evaluate to make sure we've got the right capacity and the right geographic locations and the right mix between virgin and recycled liner. So we'll monitor the market. We also -- John mentioned and Carol mentioned the optimization opportunity is a big part of that, is really examining that 17 mill system and ending up with the best footprint we can. So we don't have any immediate plans for that particular asset that you mentioned, but it's definitely something that if we need to, for either volume or cost reasons to deploy it, we would.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Would the roll-off, Mark, of that new India agreement would that make that restarted Valliant more attractive to you?
Mark Stephan Sutton: It could. I mean, part of what we're doing right now is, what you mentioned, new India. And also from Hood Container, we're buying on a 3-year plan, 2 years left of products from these divested mills. And if it makes sense for us to internalize some of that demand in the future and it likely could, that might play into our plans for internalizing that.
John V. Faraci: Think of it this way, Mark. If we had to, it takes 18 months plus to do a retrofit of some machine or a greenfield. We can bring on Valliant capacity very quickly, very cost-effectively if the demand was there. And we're going to manage the businesses [indiscernible] to our supply and demand, but we can move very quickly and it would be very cost-effective because we kept the machine and capability basically intact.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, I just wondered, since we've got Tom Kadien on the line, Tom, can you give us a little color on how the Sun joint venture is operating right now? What kind of volumes? Where that product is being sold and kind of pricing?
John V. Faraci: Tom may not be on but I'd say the -- let me answer that, Mark, quickly. The joint venture is operating well. Operationally, everything is running very well. It always happens when the market is oversupplied. Pricing, as Tom said, has probably hit bottom but there are no signs that it's going to improve next quarter. So we're seeing more of the same. That volume is staying in China. There's very little of it that's -- some is going outside of China to the region, but we're not exporting it all over the world. We have Coated Paperboard business in Russia and Poland and the U.S. and China, so we know overall what we're [ph] all doing. And that capacity was set up to serve the high end of the Chinese market, not necessarily the commodity and the folding boxboard market.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And John, is there any -- in the Bleached Board market, is the Augusta machine just gone forever? Or given the tightness in the market, could you ever see bringing that back?
John V. Faraci: You consider that out. We don't consider that an idle machine like [indiscernible].
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Like Valliant.
John V. Faraci: Well, let me just summarize for everybody, a solid performance in the first quarter. We're pleased, but the important thing is we've got more runway ahead and you can see that in the third quarter. We're set up well for significant improvement in earnings, cash from operations and free cash flow in the third quarter, and we'll be starting to talk to you about how we see 2014 as the year unfolds. So thanks for being on the call. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Jay Royalty: Thanks to all. Thanks for taking the time to join us this morning. As always, Michelle and I will be available after the call. Our phone numbers on Page 25 of the Appendix. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers and IP Latin America Tommy S. Joseph - Senior Vice President of Manufacturing Technology Ehs&S and Global Sourcing
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Glenn Landau, you may begin your conference.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Phyllis, and good morning. And thank you all for joining International Paper's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information, a reconciliation of which you will find available on our website and in our other disclosures. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2013 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, on Page 4, given our expanded disclosure around the Ilim JV, we provided some context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. So with that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. Let me start things off by saying, overall, I'd frame the first quarter as okay. At $928 million EBITDA, that's comparable to the fourth quarter of 2012 and up versus the first quarter of 2012, primarily driven by strong results in Industrial Packaging, European papers, IP Russia and Brazil. We got to the cheap end of our $400 million stretch synergy target for Temple and we got there faster than we thought we would. We got greater than the full recovery of the September containerboard price increase through boxes with $55 of realization in the quarter. And after a challenging fourth quarter of operations and some early carryover issues into January and February, we closed the quarter strong, back to what we expected in International Paper normal good IP execution all around the world. In Brazil, we realized the full cost savings benefit of the biomass boiler and closed on the corrugated packaging acquisition, IP Orsa, where we are off to a good start integrating the business and you'll hear about that a little more this morning. But outside of the normal lower seasonal demand that we always have in the first quarter and some higher fiber costs, primarily OCC versus fourth quarter, we had some headwinds, the biggest one was a noncash foreign exchange swing at our Ilim Joint Venture due to a weaker ruble, and Ilim's got a sizable amount of U.S. dollar debt. We had some headwinds on the revenue side in xpedx and so they were challenged. And we also had higher corporate expenses that were not S&A related and actually accounted for most of the gap between where we came in and first call. Before I turn over to Carol, let me just say upfront what I am going to say at the end. I just want to make sure investors understand this. IP is a cash flow story. We're going to be approaching $2 billion of free cash flow in 2013. As we look at the year, we're now over 4 months into it. We think that's -- we got a line of sight to that. And we're going to allocate that cash flow in a balanced way with a portion of it back to share owners. Four months into the year, we now have a more clear line of sight to the $5 billion of EBITDA that we talked about with investors at that last Investor Day. So I'll come back and talk about that again at the end, but I just wanted to get that out upfront. So now let me turn it over to Carol to take a closer look at the quarter, and then we'll come back and take your questions.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As John just indicated, earnings in the first quarter improved year-over-year on stronger sales, which were primarily associated with the acquisition of Temple-Inland. Despite some of the assignable headwinds that John just described, our free cash flow story remained intact in the quarter and our expectation is that it will continue to accelerate throughout the rest of the year. To that point, cash from operations was negatively impacted by working capital swing and that was primarily associated with higher receivables, which is quite normal in the first quarter given the seasonal higher volume that we saw in March versus December as well as the additional impact of the higher box prices this year. The net impact of that was nearly $200 million of cash consumption, which will largely come back to us over the next couple of quarters. Moving to Slide 7. Relative to our return on invested capital in the quarter, we were flat with last year at just over 8% above -- and that's above our cost of capital. Looking at the EPS bridge from the fourth quarter of '12 to the first quarter of '13, IP posted operating earnings of $0.65 versus $0.69 in the prior quarter. Overall, higher average sales price and mix contributed $0.09 per share and that was primarily driven by Industrial Packaging, but was also impacted by increased export mix in print papers and modestly softer paper selling prices in North America. We saw the expected seasonally weaker volumes across our global operations, $0.05, and higher recycled fiber cost of $0.04 that more than offset the slightly lower annual maintenance outage spending in our core platform businesses. And as John indicated, xpedx earnings fell quarter-over-quarter by $0.02 due to continued weak printing and publishing demand. And finally, also as John stated, our Ilim JV posted a loss on the equity earnings line in the quarter due to a $17 million foreign exchange swing as the dollar strengthened by more than 2% versus the ruble. Going to Slide 9. In terms of downtime in the quarter, the story was largely around planned maintenance outages with nearly 170,000 tons in containerboard in our Industrial Packaging business and another 32,000 tons of paper and pulp combined. In Consumer Packaging, as we previously disclosed, we successfully shut down the paper machine #2 at Augusta at the beginning of March. And in the quarter, that removed 12,000 tons of capacity. And on a quarter average basis, that's 36,000 tons of capacity. So with that closure, we will effectively balance our coated paperboard capacity with our customer's demand. Taking a look at input costs on Slide 10. Costs were up $22 million quarter-over-quarter or $0.04 per share, and our North American Industrial Packaging business absorbed the lion's share of this headwind and it was primarily associated with higher recycled fiber costs, which rose to $150 per ton on average delivered by the time we ended March. Moving onto Industrial Packaging on Slide 11, Industrial Packaging posted what I would call a solid first quarter with operating profits of $369 million. The primary driver was the full realization of the September domestic containerboard and box increase, which added greater than $70 million to the quarter, coupled with higher containerboard export price realizations that added an additional $10 million. So we saw $80 million in higher prices but this was partially offset by a seasonally higher mix of export, which resulted in a net $68 million upside that you see on the bridge for price and mix combined. This was offset by seasonally weaker volumes for us, higher planned and maintenance outages and input costs and an increase in overhead allocation that we assigned to this business. One detailed point on operations and costs, the mill did run better in the quarter, nearly $10 million better and we did see incremental synergies of additional $10 million, but both of these were offset in our earnings by the nonrepeat of a net benefit of $11 million we saw from earthquake insurance proceeds that we received in Europe as well as some other one-offs in the quarter. Overall, I would characterize the market conditions as steady in the second quarter with continued tight supply and demand, although our supply chains operating effectively as we leave the quarter. And as we know, we're moving into a stronger seasonal agricultural mix into the second quarter. Moving to Slide 12. I think this just continues to be an important metric for our business. Even with the incremental outage expense in the quarter, we remained among the top of our industry peers with a 19.2% EBITDA margin in the first quarter of '13 versus 17.3% for the first quarter of last year. It gives me great pleasure taking a look at Slide 13. Just about 1 year since we closed on the acquisition of Temple-Inland to declare that our Industrial Packaging team has crossed the finish line and exceeded our stretch goal of $400 million in run rate synergies in the quarter. Achieving this result involved literally hundreds and hundreds of unique initiatives and efforts really across the entire company and certainly most focused in the Industrial Packaging business. So let me compliment the team for a job well done and just let me add a little bit of additional color. During the last year, we reduced S&A by over $100 million, we leveraged best practices and rebalanced our combined product mix across the mill system to significantly reduce consumption of fiber and raw materials worth over $60 million. We took the tough step and closed 10 box plants, reducing fixed costs and labor worth over $100 million and we did this while continuing to meet our customer's demand. And importantly, as well, we leveraged our consolidated purchasing position across the company to structurally reduce input cost by $45 million. So, all in all, a great effort. Now with that said, the synergies are in the bank, but we're not done. We have significant optimization in front of us for some time given the scale and reach of this combined system. Looking forward, as you can see on Page 14, we have successfully implemented the April containerboard increase and we're implementing the box increase with our customers with expected realization of the box increase to come in -- as it comes in towards the end of the second quarter into the third quarter and fully complete by the fourth. It's important to note that given the required purchases of containerboard associated with the mill divestitures outlined by the DOJ, we will be and are paying higher prices for the board that we buy from these entities in the second quarter on. The exposure to this increased purchase containerboard costs in the second quarter, combined with the normal lag on box price realization, will result in a margin squeeze for the second quarter with the earnings upside to be realized in the third and fourth quarters as we implement the box increases. And just a reminder, the required purchases outlined in these supply agreements will be reduced in a stepwise fashion from the roughly 200,000 tons per quarter that we are doing now to 0 required by the second half of 2015. Moving to Latin America on Slide 15. We closed the purchase of the 75% of Orsa's corrugated packaging unit in the first quarter of January 15, forming Orsa International Paper. We're very pleased with the transition process to date and the integration's going really well. So no surprises here. Now the good news is that the Brazilian corrugated demand continues to grow and Orsa IP outpaced market growth in the quarter with a 5% year-over-year increase in sales. So more to come as the team finalizes and implements its '13 and '14 market synergy and cost savings priorities, but we feel real good about our start down with Orsa IP. Moving onto Consumer Packaging on Slide 16. In Consumer Packaging, the segment improved operating profit quarter-over-quarter on lower planned maintenance outspending. Ivory board prices were up at the Sun JV and an improved mix kept SBS pricing relatively flat in the quarter. Volume was seasonally stronger, but was more than offset by an unplanned reliability issue in January on the digester at our Augusta mill in Georgia and some other efficiency issues early in the quarter, but we did finish very strong in March. And once again, I already mentioned that it should be noted that we did successfully shut down the Augusta 2 machine in the quarter. Slide 17. Important, very important to our business, our backlog of unmade SBS orders like the industry chart that's shown here. We are at the highest level we've seen in a couple of years and we were out 4 to 5 weeks. We see this as an inflection point that it may drive some upside to the relatively weak year-over-year demand comps that we'll see in the coming quarters. Moving to Printing Papers. The Printing Papers segment operating profit improved quarter-over-quarter to $149 million despite modestly lower prices in North America, seasonally higher export mix in Brazil and seasonally slow demand across our global operations, North America, Europe and Brazil. Strong operations supported by energy savings associated with the successful operation of the biomass boiler in Brazil, as well as lower planned maintenance outages drove the upside in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of '12. Looking at Slide 19. Here's just a another great example of how our global Printing Papers segment is truly differentiated from our competitors, both domestic and global. Having operations around the world in both mature and growing markets, we're able to shift supply regionally to continuously upgrade our mix and maximize our capacity utilization. This example is not unique and it's actually embedded in our '13 plan, but I think it highlights how much we can use our footprint to gain an enterprise approach to margin expansion. So let me explain this one. As you see, as demand grows in Latin America, we're able to repatriate exports produced at our mills in Brazil and sell those tons on the continent at significant geographic mix premium versus, in this particular case, Europe. This allows the U.S. to maximize capacity utilization and improve existing export mix by selling A4 cut size in Europe versus, say, lower margin at offset rolls. And finally, the steady supply of imports to Europe of commodity cut size grades enables our European mills to produce and bundle higher-end premium grades for their customers, thus improving margin. So win-win-win and IP realized a $17 million in incremental profit annually on this internal mix upgrade alone. And to see how that plays out, you can see it here in our IP Brazil Printing Papers business that achieved a 30% EBITDA margin in the first quarter of 2013 in what was otherwise a seasonally slow high export mix quarter due to seasonality. The margin expansion achieved in the quarter is structural and highlights the potential of this strategic region. The upside is being driven by excellent execution, lower costs associated with the biomass boiler and improved local pricing. And this is all enabled by our talented team that we have in Brazil. One last slide on Brazil, Slide 21. Here, you can see quarterly energy cost savings in Mogi Guaçu post start-up of their biomass boiler as well as the energy mix that drives these savings. Essentially, the new biomass boiler has reduced consumption of fossil fuel by virtually eliminating the need for high cost gas, replacing it with lower cost sustainable forest biomass. So a real win for the business. Moving on to xpedx. As I shared when speaking to the company earnings bridge earlier, xpedx earnings were down by $9 million versus the fourth quarter on seasonally lower revenue per day. Despite these headwinds, the team remains focused on executing on their controllable cost savings initiatives. Moving to Slide 23. On April 22, we disclosed we were in talks with Unisource Worldwide regarding a business combination between xpedx and Unisource. As we shared, we executed and are working within the terms of an exclusive, nonbinding letter of intent to explore a possible transaction. For the team at IP and throughout xpedx, we see this as a great opportunity to create value for our shareholders and customers. The proposed Reverse Morris Trust transaction would be tax-free to IP and our shareholders and would create a stronger, more competitive distribution company that we believe will have significant merger benefit opportunity. Turning to Page 24. Given the entire process to close could take up to 12 months, we've included an illustrative view of the RMT process to highlight what may be ahead. In step 1, International Paper would spin off xpedx as a subsidiary of IP, place that on the subsidiary and distribute those debt proceeds back to IP in the form of a dividend. In step 2, IP would distribute shares of the xpedx subsidiary to our shareholders. xpedx would become a public company through an IPO and immediately merge with Unisource Worldwide to create the new entity, again building what we believe will be a much stronger company, better equipped to navigate in this space going forward. So as this evolves, we have more to come. And lastly, before I move on to the outlook, I wanted to provide a brief update on the progress being made on the expansion projects at our Ilim JV as outlined on Slide 25. While the second quarter will be the transitional quarter that we've been waiting for, the magnitude of the ramp-up at both Bratsk and Koryazhma will likely lead to start-up costs in the range of $20 million to $30 million on a consolidated basis in the quarter. The good news is that we expect full operational and commercial ramp-up of the pulp line in Bratsk and the paper machine and sheeting operations at Koryazhma over the next 6 to 8 weeks. So looking ahead to the second quarter of '13 on Page 26, we expect higher volumes across our global businesses as we move into a stronger seasonal demand period in North America and Brazil. Like I said earlier, while we will see some containerboard and box price realization in Industrial Packaging, increased prices on the containerboard purchases will partially offset this benefit in the coming quarter. And in Consumer Packaging, we will see some modest board and carton price increase in the quarter as we execute on the previously announced increases. Inputs in the coming quarter will be largely stable other than a continued upward bias for OCC and wood cost pressures that we're seeing in Russia. And relative to planned mill maintenance outages, the second quarter schedule is the heaviest of the year for the company and will drive more than $110 million in incremental expense versus the first quarter. And finally, the Ilim JV expansion project start-up costs, which will hit the equity earnings line will more than offset the nonrepeat negative currency impact that we saw in the first quarter. So with that, now let me turn the call back over to John to summarize and wrap up.
John V. Faraci: Okay, Carol, thanks. In closing, as I already shared at the front end, I feel good about our exit rate of earnings in March, much stronger than January and February and our execution. We ended well after a couple of inconsistent months. The supply chain still remains tight especially in Industrial Packaging, but it is operating well. So we're back to normal expected IP execution. Looking ahead, we see seasonal demand improvements in packaging both in North America and in paper in Brazil. We're also going to start to realize some of the North American board and box price increase during the quarter, but the benefit is going to be partially offset by higher costs from containerboard that we purchased as part of the settlement agreement with the DOJ related with the Temple acquisition that Carol talked about. And I'd just remind you, that volume that we were required to purchase by the agreement ramps down at the end of 2000 -- second half of 2015, it goes to 0. Further, we're going to have our peak outage quarter in the second quarter. That's going to be more than $100 million quarter-on-quarter. So it's a big system, we've got a lot of outages. Second quarter is going to be our big quarter. We also got the bulk of the start-up costs associated with Ilim. And just remind you, 2 projects, $800 million project in Bratsk; $300 million project, Bratsk as a pulp line, Koryazhma as a paper machine. Over $1 billion of projects now completed into the commissioning phase that's not going to be cash to IP, but it is going to show up in our equity earnings and we expect to be making cut size paper at Koryazhma. At the end -- by the end of May, we're making size offset now and we're just starting to make and sell pulp off the Bratsk machine. We're also going to see higher tax rate quarter-on-quarter as we go back to a normal rate that's in the 30s, low 30s. So all things considered, we think the second quarter is going to look similar to the first quarter on an EPS basis, but it's going to position us for a very strong second half of the year. So 4 months into the year, we're now in the second quarter. What we see now, we're confident that we're going to deliver in the second half of the year. We ran well in April. In January, I shared with you when we had our fourth quarter conference call, our view of free cash flow in 2013 moving into '14 was going to approach $2 billion. We still see that. Actually, we have more line of sight on that now as we're 4 months into the year. We have clear line of sight -- in fact, more clear line of sight on the $5 billion of EBITDA that we talked to you about for International Paper at Investor Day. We may get there a different way, but I think, importantly, International Paper's got the levers to pull and more upside with our global footprint. So with that, let me just turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, maybe, John, just starting on the last comment that you might get to that $5 billion EBITDA goal a different way, can you maybe enumerate some of the positives and negatives? Is it pricing offsetting operations or something else?
John V. Faraci: I think we've got the tailwinds in our Industrial Packaging business, but we've got some headwinds from where we were back in 2011, some headwinds from coated paperboard. The Asia, we've got an excess capacity issue in Asia. So we're going to see Asia, particularly in the joint venture over there struggle for a while because there's a lot of paperboard capacity coming on. We all know what's going in the Chinese economy. Europe, while our business in Europe is still in a -- our paper business is doing really well. Our box business in France, Italy and Spain is -- looks like France, Italy and Spain. So I think there are pluses and minuses. But by and large, we have -- we didn't have complete line of sight when we talked about our Reaching Our Potential, but we've got much better line of sight now and I think you'll see that start to show up in some of the run rate EBITDA numbers we're going to be sharing with you in future calls.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And looking at Consumer Packaging, Carol, can you give maybe a little bit more detail on the operating headwinds you had in the first quarter and how to think about that moving into the second quarter as the machines shut and presumably you're running better. And also maybe give a little bit of color into the pickup in backlogs, what you think is driving that? Is it inventory restocking or something more sustainable? And are you seeing a similar trend in any of your other businesses?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Gail, it's Tom Kadien. Let me start on the operating issues. We had a digester plug in early January, that was already discussed but that cost us several million dollars. We also took I think 24,000 tons of lack of order in January. We got Augusta 2 down and at the end of February that cost us some money. But we ran very well really February through April. So operations, our system has settled down. If you look at the chart on downtime we were taking LLO consistently every month for the last year. We've now got a full system. Our backlogs, to your point there, the industry backlogs are up. We were out 5 weeks on paper. Our extrusion backlogs are significantly longer than that. They were out looking at 60 days on poly coated folding and cup stock, and pricing is moving. So it feels like an inflection point. And I think there has been some restocking, I would say, in the converting channel. But as we talk to our customers, they're seeing improved demand, so it's not just restocking. We're seeing that in the food service as well as the consumer food segments. So I would say it's feeling a whole lot more sustainable as opposed to just a short-term pickup.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last quick one. Can you give any sort of update on the sale of building products?
John V. Faraci: Yes, the sale of building products, we've got a second request from the Justice Department and second request takes some time to work through. We would expect we're going to work through that just like we know how that works because we've been through it before. So I suspect sometime this summer. And in the meantime, even though building products is in discontinued operations, it's generating a lot of cash. It's doing quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: First, I just wanted to get a little color if possible on how the box price initiative is going and if it feels very similar to prior increases or what types of differences you might be seeing, different types of challenges in the market price, if any?
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark Sutton. The box price increase, we're in the process of implementation now as we move through the second quarter. And I'd say the only difference you might find is when you have a price increase in the middle of the quarter versus at the beginning or end of the quarter, there's just some structural issues around openers and when you can start moving. So that's really the only difference. Otherwise, we would expect to see similar realization from sort of past price increases.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, great. And also on the containerboard, are you seeing -- in the export markets, are you seeing any movement?
Mark Stephan Sutton: We've had consistent improvement in our export position from a demand standpoint. As you know, we are a strategic supplier in the export market, so we're always there at some level and we've seen both volume and pricing moving up. In fact, from last year's first quarter, we're up about $80 a ton in the export market and so we still see pretty good solid demand. It's for the U.S. craft liner that the rest of the world needs.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Right. And then real quick, on xpedx and Unisource, I realize you're probably constrained to the extent you can't talk about it, but what would be the biggest potential sources of synergies when you put those businesses together?
John V. Faraci: Well, there is a lot of overlap. I mean, what makes the synergies and we've seen this in acquisitions we've done in IP and most recently in Industrial Packaging. When there's a lot of overlap, there's a lot of redundant functional costs you can take out. There's going to be a lot of warehouse space that can be consolidated because Unisource and xpedx are in similar markets. And I don't want to speak for the new co what they're going to do, but when we got together and looked at xpedx management and Unisource management -- remember, Unisource approached us, so they've done some homework. They showed us what they've done and we said yes, we agree. There's a lot of opportunity here to do things that are pretty much blocking and tackling. They take time and they're not easy. But it's not new stuff that creates a lot of upside for the 2 companies together, they couldn't get that upside individually.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And on the purchasing side, are they already sufficiently big both of them that there probably wouldn't be a lot on purchasing? And obviously, they're purchasing stuff more than just paper. Any thoughts on the purchasing side?
John V. Faraci: I think there are going to be best practices that Unisource has, that xpedx has been working on other stuff, that they can adopt that make kind of the xpedx side better and there are going to be best practices that xpedx has that Unisource can take advantage of and that's the new company. So there'll be stuff that we're further along on in terms of responding to what's going on in the marketplace whether it's IT, whether it's purchasing, whether it's customer service, whether it's warehousing, whether it's transportation. It's a buy-handle-sell business. And we've already seen some of those differences, so there's a lot of stuff that we'll be implementing in one network that's not implemented in another network and it will cover all of that buy-handle-sell stuff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: It's interesting when you look at your Printing Papers business how well it's done when you look at the domestic decline in consumption. And I noticed -- I believe you all really haven't had -- felt the need to shut capacity in North America I think since Franklin 3 years ago. And so my question is as Carol showed on that one slide with a $17 million benefit from being global, is there more of that? And do you think we're going to come up on a time here in the next year or 2 where it might make sense where you will need to reduce your footprint in North America in that business?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Chip, it's Tim Nicholls. Yes, Carol represented just one piece of what we think the opportunity is in terms of leveraging the enterprise. That's all related to cut size and how we continue to supply customers in 3 regions and manage supply chains. So that's a good opportunity. We haven't shut any capacity since Franklin, but we're moving substantially more volume offshore, not only in cut size but in offset and forms rolls. And we're doing that in combination with our business in Brazil, making sure that we leverage both sets of assets to supply the customer base in the most efficient way. As far as capacity longer term goes, we're all about running the lowest cost system we can, if we see an opportunity to run at a lower cost, we will. But for now, we like the options that we have running the assets we have.
John V. Faraci: Chip, I think that -- I think it's really important, one is when we're moving that volume around the world, we're not out trying to take market share because what we're doing is, as Carol said, we're bringing volume back to Latin America where the market's growing. The other piece, I think, that's unique to IP around how we manage our paper businesses in Russia with Ilim and [indiscernible]. We've got a joint marketing agreement between Ilim and International Paper's so IP markets all the paper that's going to come out of this new paper machine that's in the Ilim Joint Venture, so we're going to market in the Russian CIS countries as one, which again is an excellent opportunity for us to take advantage of the global footprint to maximize the business and the markets that we serve.
Timothy S. Nicholls: And Chip, one last thought that I would mention in that regard. Our organizations are completely connected so we know what we're doing in every region of the world on almost every time. We're not competing with one another. We're actually maximizing the effects of the organization, so that we put very efficiently volume where we think it needs to go.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you, that's very helpful. And then I guess secondly, when you kind of take a step back and I'm certainly not asking you to endorse the Street's estimates or even disclose what you guys might be planning internally, but if you sort of look at the second quarter guidance and the first quarter results, you would expect at least the consensus to be about $0.30 -- $0.25 or $0.30 less for the first half than what we had going into the day. However, just sort of looking at pricing actions, the Consumer Packaging ramp in terms of orders and pricing and pulp going up, et cetera, et cetera, is there any reason that at least internally, if not externally, people should expect the second half to look any differently than we would have thought before these numbers for both the first and second quarter?
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, this is Carol. I think you articulated that well and I think we have line of sight and we remain confident that we're going to have to a strong second half. I mean, we're positioned for that, we're poised for that and things are lined up that way. And what we said was we're going to see a significant improvement in IP from '12 to '13 and we still think on the whole that's what we'll see. And John also said, the cash is the important part, too. The cash is going to be there.
John V. Faraci: Yes, Chip, when we put together the projects in Russia, again think of this: This is the biggest capital project that IP has ever undertaken. Bratsk is the biggest project in Siberia in the industry in 40 years. We didn't know exactly when they were going to start up. We knew when they did, there were going to be some significant start-up costs because you don't start up with $1 billion of capital projects for free. We just don't know when it was going to hit. So we now have line of sight on that and we're well into the commissioning and start-up, it's gone pretty well. So that's a piece we just need to move through and we'll move through that in the second quarter, not the second half of the year and not the first quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Totally understand. And last quick one. Another set, the total maintenance for the year had gone down a little bit from $510 million to, I guess, $496 million. As you think about next year and with all the work you've done to simulate Temple-Inland and let's assume no footprint change, do you think that maintenance number, is that a good run rate like around $0.5 billion or could that come down next year or would it have a reason to go up?
Tommy S. Joseph: Yes, Chip. This is Tommy Joseph. As we look into 2014, I think the number that we're seeing in 2013 is about right. There's still some work that we got to do we think in the Temple-Inland Mills that'll keep that number flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, just the earnings runway drivers, the $350 million to $450 million that you talked about last quarter, just want to get an update on how you're feeling about that today and some of the moving pieces underlying that?
Carol L. Roberts: Phil, this as Carol. I don't have that in front of me, but I don't think that it's a significant change from where we were before. And as we talked about it today, we feel very good about Temple-Inland. We feel very good about Orsa. We feel very good about Brazil and the boiler. I think we've talked about xpedx. I think we've talked about Russia. We feel very good about Franklin flux [ph]. The mill is ramping up and the key there is to get qualified with Tier 1 customers appropriately and to continue to ramp that up. So all in all, I don't think there's much of a change as we talked about that. John, do you have anything to add on that?
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, I'll just continue. So in terms of how you're thinking about the free cash flow or kind of the run rate coming out of this year and into next year with the box price increase coming through, it would seem to me you talked about the $5 billion in EBITDA run rate. We should be getting also close to the $2.2 billion in free cash flow even potentially with higher pension. So wanted to see if you could kind of confirm that if that math is essentially right. And if that's right, how are you thinking about the allocation of that cash, particularly around the dividend at this stage?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, so I think that math is still right on point and accurate. And that's where we're heading. And as we talk about our capital allocation, we said that as the free cash flow grows, we would take a look at the dividend, targeting the 30% to 40% of free cash flow for the dividend. We said that we would look at that annually. We did look at that in the fourth quarter of '12 and made an increase, so we'll do that. We're still in the process of bringing down some debt, mainly around our commitments on our credit metrics, so we're doing that. As we talked about from a pension contribution, the mandatory pension contribution for '13 is very modest. It's $30 million to $40 million. And then we'll see how the math works out for '14, but we know that there'll be more and we talked about putting about $1 billion in there over the '14, '15, '16 time frame. And that still leaves more cash, and then we'll look at that cash, of course, how we can create value. We'll continue to look at opportunities, but we'll also look at how can we get some of that cash back to our shareholders in another way. So I think all in all, we're approaching the inflection point where we get to returning cash and that feels pretty good.
John V. Faraci: That 30% to 40% of free cash flow back to share owners in the form of dividends, it's an important priority for us. You just do the math and you take 35% and take the midpoint, there is room for the dividend to grow. And we've talked about investors who are doing that in a methodical, consistent, periodic and sustainable way.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there any reason to think we couldn't get to that 35% by 2014 if the normalized cash flow is there?
John V. Faraci: It depends how much you're going to view 2014. We're a little far out, but I think we're going to get there. We're not going to get there in one step and we're not going to take 10 years to get there. So our objective is to move in that direction. We want to have the dividend be sustainable, so we don't want to get in front of our skis here, but we've got significant runway we think to move the dividend up.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Actually, just wanted to piggyback first perhaps off of Phil's line of questioning. So if we look at the free cash flow generation, you should do this year more or less around $2 billion and we look at the credit metrics that you'd like to get to by the end of the year. Could you remind us how much debt and pension funding you're likely to do this year? It would seem to, if I do my math right, suggest that you will see in total maybe about $1 billion, $1.5 billion of debt and pension paydown and funding, if you will. And assuming that, that's correct and you look at the dividend later on in the year, perhaps with some upside there, is there room perhaps in your thinking, John and Carol, where there to be perhaps buyback maybe in '14?
Carol L. Roberts: I'll comment on your math. You're right, we targeted about $1 billion of debt repayment in '13 and the pension was only a small piece. And the other thing we've got to remember is we have proceeds from building products that are going to come. And then depending upon how the xpedx transaction turns out, perhaps proceeds from a dividend there. So we're going to be in a very good position. And you got to -- we talked about the dividend, the other option that we need to consider, as you said, George, is share buyback, and I think you're looking at it correctly that the cash will begin to accumulate really in 2014 when we get beyond our debt paydown.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Second question on Consumer and just a quick one here. Has there been any pickup in your market share in recent weeks and months in the Consumer business and specifically within Bleached Board that's leading also to your pickup in backlog? I realize, obviously, Augusta, you took that down and pricings are looking to head higher so maybe that's helped your backlog as well, but anything in terms of market share gains?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, George, this is Tom. If you look at last year, throughout the year, we took close to 180,000 tons, a lack of order downtime and ran really to what our customers were demanding and not chasing prices. So I think we probably lost some market share through the year last year. I think as we turn the corner on this year, I say we're probably, on the upside, recovering some of that in not only in our coated board business, but also our Foodservice business which is our largest customer. They continue to gain market share. So clearly, we did, in the 2012 year. But I would say since the beginning of this year, I would say we're probably doing better than market.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. One of your peer companies was saying not too long ago they had lost some share within consumer, I was just trying to see if there's any kind of relation there or not, to your knowledge, is there?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: I'm not going to comment on that.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. Carol and Mark, a question for you. Congratulations on the integration success with Temple-Inland. I seem to recall from a research that ultimately there's still a lot of upside on the mill optimization side, maybe multiples of, I think, the $90 million -- I don't have the page in front me right now, but the $90 million you targeted. Could you comment as to what the longer-term upside is in terms of mill optimization and maybe how quickly you might be able to achieve that over time?
Tommy S. Joseph: George, we talked about total optimization in business of about $200 million. We still think that's a good number. We obviously have a strategy of having the optimization in our total system, the new and the legacy system of, at a minimum, offsetting inflation. And that's the target we're shooting for. But that $200 hundred in additional optimization beyond synergies that we shared at our Investor Day last year, we haven't found any reason to back off of that. Timing, we don't have a precise timing on it. Some of the takes some small amount of capital. Some of it takes better operating and getting the right grades in the right mills. We're a long way on our path to doing that, but we do have to complete our supply chain systems, which will happen this year. And then we'll really be ready to fully optimize our mills and our box plants and our mills to our open market, both domestic and export.
John V. Faraci: George, I would just add there what makes this really powerful is International Paper is a big system. But what makes a unique International Paper is every good competitor is trying to optimize their business every year, and they do. But we've taken a business that was 4 million tons and tripled the size of it, more than tripled the size of it. It's now 12 million tons. And so we've got opportunities that no one else has because no one else has more than tripled the size of their business over the past 5 years. If you think about it, we really never had an opportunity to optimize the warehouse or IP system because once we integrated it, we were back into Temple doing another integration, so we got the optimization of a much bigger footprint that we have ahead of us, which is great news.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Last question, John, I'll turn it over. There's obviously been day-to-day improvement or decreases in people's outlook in terms of the global environment. When we look at your key regions and your key businesses, briefly do you think marginal trends are improving as we're getting into the second quarter across your key businesses, or if things weakened? Can you sort of discuss it by region?
John V. Faraci: I think there are pluses and minuses, George, on the macro outlook. China, probably is a little weaker but it's still a big economy growing at 7%. The issue there probably isn't the growth rate, it's the excess capacity that got added. Europe looks like it's going to be struggling to get out of recession a little bit longer, but doesn't seem to be falling in aggregate deeper into one. I think the U.S. economy feels to us like it's more like 1.5% to 2% GDP growth, not 2.5%. But if it gets revived in a solid 2.5%, we're wrong. But it feels like 1.5% to 2%. So the overall, I think, things are playing out. We're growing a lot slower than the world should be growing, or we're certainly growing a lot slower than the U.S. economy is capable of. And I believe eventually we'll grow at 3% to 4%, which is where we should be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of things, just if you could give us a little bit more detail on the operational losses in both India and market pulp. I see India slightly better, but pulp slightly worse, not really seeing that in the pricing?
John V. Faraci: Tom, you want to talk about India first?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, India is a complex place. The biggest headwinds we have over in India right now, we've had a run-up in wood costs by an order of 60% between, say, the fourth -- middle of the fourth quarter and the end of the first quarter. And pricing has trailed, catching up with that. So that's probably the biggest headwind along with all the other things that you get along with doing business in India. Pricing is now, I'll say, caught up and we'll see improving results out of India. But the market's still growing. And on an APPM basis, on an India basis, the business still looks very good. We have a separate legal entity there. We're making some other investments in the market that kind of pulled down the numbers, but the APP investment is still much improving and a long way to go.
John V. Faraci: That's in the people investment.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, people investment.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Paul, it's Tim Nicholls. Just on market pulp, the biggest difference from the fourth quarter to the first was heavy maintenance outage in one of our largest pulp mills, the Georgetown mill, where we produce a lot of fluff pulp. And everything else was kind of moving sideways from where we were in the fourth quarter. We did see price start picking up early in the first quarter and we're seeing that continue now. So as we look forward, we're going to get a better mix of product. We were selling some hardwood rolls to balance out the system that we're not going to be selling and will see softwood prices, the effect of those to continue to go up.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And just an overall question on uncoated freesheet North American markets. We've had sort of worse data at least so far year-to-date. I noticed Boise is shutting looks like 2 machines at International Falls this morning. Is that enough to sort of reverse the acceleration of the decline in North America, or how are you feeling about that market?
John V. Faraci: Paul, you just made news around the table. I hadn't seen that on I falls [ph]. I think we're running at the upper end of what we think the normalized range is. You got to remember we talked about a secular decline, but there's also an economic impact. And when the economy is not running at what we think is more of a normalized rate, say, around 3%, it has an impact on demand. Having said that, the first quarter when we came into it, we knew it's going to be soft because we had 2 less days to work with. I think we'll see it solidify as we go through the second quarter and who knows where the second half of the year will be. But we've said 3% to 4%. It looks like it's running at the upper end of that range right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: A couple of quick ones. First of all, with respect to the $5 billion EBITDA that's going to be achieved a different way, is xpedx's $220 million objective in that new line of sight?
John V. Faraci: No. In one of the places, I think Phil asked a last question earlier, I was -- it reflects to what you were referring to, I think you were referring to a chart we had in the last presentation that kind of went through a whole bunch of initiatives that added up to $350 million to $450 million. We're going to be short on that, but I would say the way our share owners are going to benefit is the combination of xpedx and Unisource potentially has got far more earnings potential than that. And with the structure of the transaction the way it is, IP share owners will own more than 50% of the new co and so they'll have the opportunity if they choose to, to benefit from that.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Actually I did have a question on the xpedx-Unisource combination. I think you guys have 75 or 80 facilities sprinkled across the country and I think Unisource has about the same amount. How many of those facilities does IP own within xpedx?
John V. Faraci: I couldn't tell you. I don't know. We lease a majority of them, but we do own some.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And I think GP used to own most of their facilities, so there might be some real estate there. And then finally, it should be a soft ball. The shut of the machine at Augusta, does that free up some pulp that we should be adding into our market pulp capacity?
John V. Faraci: No, that will not result in any more market pulp sales.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Al Kabili with Macquarie.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just, Carol, question on the corporate costs and it looks like the outlook went up on those, and if you could just elaborate a little bit more on what's driving that?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, sure. No, this year, part of it was fourth quarter, we pulled out the nonoperating pension cost, so what gets left behind are some miscellaneous corporate expenses really related to supporting general IP level program and there were things that, Al, we just really can't and probably shouldn't allocate back to the businesses. Like, an example, captive insurance, foreign and domestic organizational structures for foreign headquarters finance and tax purposes and there's just some small remaining administrative pension costs. So if you actually look back over time, it was like $100 million I think in '11 and same-same it was $51 million in '12 and we're estimating $60 million this year. So I think that's just part of making that change over of pulling out that nonoperating pension that we leave behind this small piece.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And that's a good, I guess, annual run rate to assume kind of going forward?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, I think so.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And on the inflationary outlook, Carol, are we still thinking about $200 million raw material and other inflation?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, I think so. I think, of course, we all know that the big mover there is going to be if there's a change in the OCC going forward, but I think now we still see that, that's the kind of input headwind costs that we see for the year.
John V. Faraci: In a $30 billion company with 70,000 employees, you've got your costs rising and you've got to offset that with productivity improvement and cost reduction, so that inflation -- even though inflation as low as there.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Yes, fair enough. And then just final one, I guess, Tom on -- just following up on some earlier questions on the machine shut at Augusta. Do we see a sequential benefit from that in the second quarter? And if so, can you just kind of help us with order of magnitude there?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Well, you have to remember we were taking the system down to the tune of about 180,000 tons last year taking LLO, and shutting down Augusta 2 is a more cost-effective way of taking the capacity out. It's going to take a while to work through some of the manpower, I'll say, bumping around the mill and shifting of folks. And to the enterprise, it'll end up being a benefit, but I'd say it's going to show up in the back half of the year more than in the second quarter.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And any sense for how much we should be thinking about there in the back half?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: It's about $10 million across the enterprise both -- it'll show up in both coated paperboard and in pulp.
John V. Faraci: We've been going for a little over an hour now, so I know we may not have gotten to all your questions. But let me just wrap up by saying we feel pretty good, very good, about the cash flow story at International Paper. It's still going to be in $2 billion range as we exit the year. So just remember, IP is a cash flow story. We're going to be generating a lot and we're going to be use it in a balanced way, which means some of it is going to go back to our share owners.
Glenn Landau: Well, thanks, John. And thanks again for all your time this morning. As always, Michele and I will be available after the call. The numbers are on Page 28 of the appendix and have a good rest of the day. Thanks, all.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia
Analysts: Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Glenn Landau, you may begin your conference.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Phyllis, and good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During the call, as always, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information, a reconciliation of which you'll find in -- on our website, and that reconciliation will be to our U.S. GAAP financial measures, as always. Our website also contains our fourth quarter 2012 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. So lastly, given our expanded disclosure around our Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. Yes, let me just start out by saying 2012 was another milestone year for International Paper. I think as all of you know, International Paper's cash flow story in 2012 was an all-time record in terms of cash from operations for International Paper, $3 billion. Some of the drivers. You know the story around Temple. The synergies had been far greater than we anticipated, and we realized them far faster. We've also successfully and fully implemented a price increase in our Containerboard and box business. That didn't have a huge impact in 2012 but will have a pretty significant impact in 2013. Now looking at Slide 7, 2012 is the third year in a row where we've earned returns in excess of the cost of capital, and what I think the last 3 years is fairly characterized as less than robust through mid-cycle demand environment. We reduced debt by $2 billion on 2012; increased our dividend by 14%, with more runway on the dividend ahead of us; and last but most important, and I'll cover this at the end but I just want to say at the outset, we've made significant progress on our strategic initiatives that create more earnings and cash flow upside for International Paper, 2013 and 2014, even in a more-of-the-same macroeconomic environment. So with that as a summary, Carol, let's turn over to you to cover some of the fourth quarter and full year.
Carol L. Roberts: Sure. So if I take you to Page 6, you can just see the financial snapshot of the company. And you can see that revenues were very strong year-over-year, up $2 billion to $28 billion. We did have some lost earnings compression associated with lower pulp and export pricing. Realizations were down, but we feel like the bottom has been reached on that, and things are stabilizing. So moving forward, it should be very good. As John said, you can see that we continue to generate a very high level of sustainable free cash flow. John referenced 7. You can see it. We had very good return on invested capital, and we had our third year now of return on invested capital above our cost of capital. And importantly, as we move towards 2013, we see another step change in our performance on this metric, which should be our best returns and the highest in, really, decade. If I move you to Slide 8, let's take a look at the financial bridge from 2011 to 2012. I would frame our results as solid. And more importantly, the progress that we made integrating Temple-Inland in 2012 was meaningfully earnings accretive in under 12 months. Importantly, this has built a strong foundation for steadily improving, as well as less cyclical earnings for the company going forward. While that slower global growth environment did take its toll on our pricing in pulp and our consumer grades, really it impacted our export shipments across our product lines. As I said, I really believe the worst from that is behind us, and we've seen pulp market stabilized, come off the bottom, and export market in containerboard, importantly, have recovered nicely in the second half. It was, all said, an excellent year of execution across our global operations. Mill performance more than offset the ramp-up costs that we experienced with Franklin and also with the new paper machine at the Sun JV. We did have lower average input costs that did help the company offset some significant noncash, non-repeat of LIFO and standards reevaluation swings from '11 to '12. And simply put, we have positive $50-ish million in '11 to a negative $50-ish million in '12, creating about $100 million swing in earnings. In summary, repeating John's message, we ended '12 stronger than we began, having made significant progress on many runway earnings, driver projects that John is going to talk about at the end, which positions the company very well for 2013. Relative to the balance sheet, as you can see on Slide 9, we made significant progress reducing our debt a further $400 million in the fourth quarter, and that brought our total debt pay down post to Temple-Inland acquisition to a $1.9 billion. The discount rate used to calculate our projected benefit obligation end of the year, down about 100 basis points, and that did result in a larger pension gap by $1.4 billion. But we still remain on track to meet our Moody's debt target of less than 3x adjusted EBITDA by the end of '13 through a continued debt reduction. And as I have shared before, the required cash contribution for the pension plan in '13 will be less than $40 million. Moving to the fourth quarter, as John already shared, we exited the year strong in Industrial Packaging, with our synergy run rate of $360 million per year of synergies from the acquisition in the quarter while also fully capturing the $50 containerboard increase. We did see $29 per ton on average in our box business versus the third quarter. We did, however, experience higher costs in the quarter. Uncharacteristically for us, we did experience weaker mill operation, and we had a fairly disrupted supply chain in our Industrial Packaging business in North America due to very low containerboard inventories, as well as we had some impact in the Northeast to our box business and xpedx from Hurricane Sandy. The Sun JV was ramping up in the fourth quarter. That also had a slight adverse impact. Kind of ramping up on the cost equation, along with higher inputs, this resulted in lower earnings by probably about $80 million in the quarter. As I would categorize, I just wouldn't call IP at its best in the fourth quarter, but roughly maybe $40 million of that is recoverable in the first quarter, so it bodes well for the coming year. Going to Slide 11, bridging from the previous quarter, we, as we said, earned $0.69 per share in the fourth quarter, and that's versus $0.81 per share in the third quarter. In summary, the increased earnings came from higher prices and the lower tax rate, which was offset by higher operational costs, weaker equity earnings from Ilim and the planned increase in outage expense, which accounted for $0.11 in the quarter. Let me take you now to Slide 12 and once again look at our financial snapshot. Revenues were strong in the fourth quarter, up sequentially versus the third quarter and greater than 10% higher versus the fourth quarter of last year. Obviously, it's primarily driven by Temple-Inland. And as we said earlier, we generated strong cash from operations in the quarter, over $760 million, less our capital spending of $380 million, for free cash flow of nearly $390 million in the quarter, which is very strong for a fourth quarter performance. Moving to 13, in terms of downtime, we did have more scheduled maintenance outages than we had good seasonal demand out of our Corrugated box business. And this meant lower market-related downtime to effectively match our supply with our customers' demand in TIN IPG. As a result of that, there's significantly less market-related downtime but importantly, a net impact of approximately 150,000 tons less total downtime versus the third quarter in our containerboard mill system. The business worked to rebuild inventories prior to what's coming up, a very heavy maintenance outage scheduled in the first quarter of '13. Consumer Packaging, on the other hand, did continue to experience soft domestic demand and weaker export markets in the fourth quarter. We've been looking at that business, and this resulted in the decision announced last week to permanently shut down one machine at the Augusta mill, with an effective capacity of around 140,000 tons of coated paperboard. This closure will balance our supply with our outlook for demand for coated paperboard, and it will allow the remaining systems to operate more efficiently. Our expectation is that we will run the new system full in '13. And finally, for the eighth straight quarter, our papers and pulp business in North America continued to run full supported by higher export shipments. Moving to inputs on Slide 14. Costs were up in the quarter by $27 million or $0.04 per share and was pretty much spread across all the segments, with higher costs from wood, energy, with gas coming off a very historical low and chemicals driving most of the increase. On balance, OCC, while trending up throughout the quarter, averaged roughly flat with the third quarter. Moving on to the businesses, let's -- on 15, take a closer look at Industrial Packaging. While the containerboard and box price realization that I mentioned added about $80 million, while lower market related downtime and some seasonally stronger demand in Europe added another $18 million versus the third quarter. As I stated earlier, we did have weaker mill operation, and we had a very stressed supply chain due to tight inventories in our box plant, as well as the interruptions from Hurricane Sandy. This drove costs higher in the quarter, and they were partially offset by an insurance settlement that we got in Europe of $16 million related to the May 2012 earthquake in Northern Italy. Additionally, maintenance costs were up $44 million in the third quarter and -- from inputs primarily, as we talked, wood, energy and chemicals. And that added another $18 million incremental headwind. I think 16, once again, really sums it up, though. With all that said and despite the impact of this operational issue, heavy maintenance outages, Slide 16 shows that our North American business continues to compare very favorably to the best of the competitive set. And once again, this quarter, it further demonstrates our belief in our structural advantage versus competition in this space. A big reason for that is what you see on Slide 17, which is the synergy chart. And as we said, the business will achieve the current target of $400 million on a run-rate basis in the first quarter of '13, which is essentially $100 million better and 1 year ahead of the original plan. No doubt, an impressive achievement and importantly, not the end, as Mark Sutton and the team moves from integration to optimization in '13. Here's the synergy chart that you've seen, and you can see where they're coming from. You can see that the overhead, the box efficiency and the sourcing buckets are essentially a target. We have some remaining opportunity in the paper machines and the supply chain optimization, and those will be largely achieved in the first quarter. Of course, this sets the stage for further improvement in the business as we continue to optimize that 13 million-ton system next year. Page 19 is an exciting new opportunity that we've got. It's our newest venture in industrial packaging in Brazil, depicted by the pictures on Slide 19. This is our Orsa international joint venture, and we are now in full integration mode of closing earlier this month. Although it's still very early, we are certainly energized by what we've seen to-date, and we see incremental opportunities where we can improve the efficiency, expand the production capability, leveraging our global mill experience, and particularly our mill experience in Brazil, as well as our vast corrugated packaging knowledge. And this provides us an opportunity to take advantage and participate in this growing market. There'll be more to come next quarter. We plan to give a more in-depth view of this year's potential, both in terms of our earnings in EBITDA. I do want to comment that we will be reporting to start with a one month lag. So for the first quarter results, it will be essentially 2 months worth of results. Moving to Consumer Packaging. Segment operating profits were $39 million in the fourth quarter of '12 compared to $67 million in the third quarter. This was a result of weaker price and mix in the domestic and export markets, continued unplanned market-related downtime in North America and some ramp-up costs associated with the Sun JV. We also have higher outage-related maintenance expenses quarter-over-quarter and negatively impact results. And as I previously stated, we have announced the closure of the machine in Augusta, which will help this business manage their costs more effectively going forward. In Printing Papers, on Slide 21, Printing Papers also experienced some seasonally weaker export margins, as well as higher planned outage-related maintenance spending quarter-over-quarter, resulting in operating profits in the fourth quarter of $147 million versus $201 million in the third quarter of '12. With that said, I think 22 is an interesting chart, and it takes a look at our full year-over-year change for our global Printing Papers uncoated freesheet sales volume in each region. Our global volume is up just over 2% across all segments and geographies compared to the same period last year, clearly outpacing the global market that we view as essentially flat in this combination of these regions. So uncoated freesheet demand is down, in line with expectations in North America, the emerging market businesses are growing at or above market, and we've been able to take advantage of our global market access to increase exports out of North America as opportunities arise. Example is we get the chance to fill void with current customers. And for example, export volume from Brazil is repatriated back to Latin America to meet that growing local customer demand. But this kind of synergistic opportunity to leverage our global footprint really differentiates IP's paper business from our regional competitors and we believe will continue to afford us advantages in the medium and the long term. On the cost savings front, in Brazil, this is a picture of a newly installed biomass boiler that is online and fully operational since the beginning of January. This virtually eliminates our consumption of fossil fuels and meaningfully reduces our purchased electricity. So this moves us to a renewable fiber source that we can get both from our own and from adjacent sustainably managed forests. This project alone will result in reduced costs of approximately $6 million to $7 million of savings per quarter. Moving on to xpedx on 24. xpedx is the company's North American distribution business, and we reported operating profits in the fourth quarter of $11 million compared to $24 million in the third quarter. Positive, our quarter-over-quarter, we did have modest volume improvement, primarily in packaging was great. But these were more than offset by lower commercial print margins, higher operating costs in the quarter. On 25, let's talk a bit about our Ilim Joint Venture, where slightly higher pulp and containerboard prices were more than offset by seasonally higher woods and energy costs in the quarter. The IP equity earnings were further impacted positively by an after-tax benefit of $6 million in the current quarter. And this resulted in total after-tax equity earnings of $8 million in the fourth quarter compared to $33 million in the third quarter of 2012. But what's important about Ilim is looking forward with the completion and commissioning of our projects at Bratsk and Koryazhma, that remains our top priority for the first quarter of '13, with commercial startup planned for the second quarter. And these projects just generate a lot of potential and runway for the company going forward. So summarizing, on 26, recapping, it illustrates that we did deliver on many fronts solid results in the fourth quarter, led by strong Industrial Packaging success not only with the Temple-Inland integration but implementing the containerboard and box increase. Offsetting these gains, as we talked about, we had some uncharacteristically weaker operating performance due to a number of issues: tight supply chain in IPG and higher planned outage expenses and input costs. Before I move on to the outlook, let me just talk about capital allocation and balanced use of cash on 27. I think this chart and this discussion will underline our commitment to a balanced use of cash that drives shareholder value. First, we returned more cash to our shareholders in the form of a dividend increase in the fourth quarter of 14%. We do plan to review our dividend annually and continue to adjust in line with our principal around 30% to 40% of mid-cycle free cash flow. We will deliver on our dividend growth commitment as earnings and free cash flow grows. Next, we did successfully execute $1.4 billion in capital spending. That is $100 million below guidance, and that did include about $400 million on strategic projects, primarily Franklin and Sun, and $200 million in high-returning cost savings projects. The biomass boiler in Brazil is a great example of that. And this investment will definitely drive incremental earnings in '13. As John and I have both said, we aggressively reduced debt on the balance sheet post the closing of Temple-Inland by $1.9 billion. And we said we would continue to reduce debt into '13. And lastly, we reinvested in our businesses selectively. We invested in our core segment of Corrugated Packaging not only with the acquisition of Temple-Inland at the beginning of the year but in fast-growing regions, with our investments in Turkey and Brazil. In terms of capital spending going forward, we have revised down our outlook for the '12 to '15 timeframe by $400 million to an average of $1.4 billion per year, and this is due to factoring in the reduced regulatory spending that we see that will be required from Boiler MACT in this period. So let me move now to Slide 29 and provide you more detail on our outlook for the first quarter. Looking ahead to the first quarter of '13, we expect seasonally weaker volume in our European, Russian and Brazilian paper businesses and stable demand across North America. Moving to pricing, we expect the full benefit of our fourth quarter box price increase to be realized in the quarter, and this will be partially offset by some seasonal mix in Brazil, essentially related to a mix of more export. In operations, as I've said, we should see the impact of improved operations across the mill businesses as supply chain and conditions are definitely improved and onetime issues in the fourth quarter do not repeat. We do expect that we'll have further lower costs at Franklin and the full impact of the biomass boiler in Brazil, and this will also provide additional tailwind. As to inputs, we view this as a headwind. We expect higher OCC wood and energy costs, and this is probably worth an incremental $50 million to $60 million in the coming quarter. And lastly, we do have another heavy maintenance outage quarter, so our quarter-on-quarter expenses will remain fairly high, with only a modest decrease of $7 million in the quarter. So with that, now let me summarize, on 30, the first quarter outlook. The first quarter is essentially a seasonally slower quarter relative to demand. While we will see the full benefit of the North American box increase, as well as the improved performance that I've talked about, that this will be offset by higher inputs and some higher taxes. And we can talk about taxes for a moment. As you'll note, our tax rate is going to move up from the fourth quarter to the first quarter from 21% to 25%, and both of these remain well below our normalized level of 31% to 33%. The impact in the first quarter of '13 is due to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which actually signed into law this month, therefore the impact of that will be felt in 2013. So at this point, let me turn it back over to you, John.
John V. Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Carol. I'm on Slide 31 now here, the map. And what I want to do, before I get into talking about 2013 and some of the -- revisit the strategic initiatives that I referenced at the beginning, just to give you a sense of how we see the world where International Paper operates, this map shows the 6 global economies that are important to International Paper in kind of 4 businesses: paper, corrugated packaging, coated board and pulp. And as you can see, when you look at all these, overall, we're forecasting 3.5% of global growth, which is consistent with most of what you see forecasters are thinking now, with North America being a lot slower than that and the rest of the world being better, especially places like Russia, India and China. So let us move on to the 2013 outlook, still all about cash. And as I said, I just want to reiterate, International Paper is a cash flow story. We're going to see the full impact of pricing that we've gotten. In fact, we've -- we're just about there now, in January, on our containerboard and box business. That is $400 million plus. The strategic initiatives, which I'll come to in a minute, are going to add about $350 million to $400 million of improvement in the year. And when you take in modest global growth, all that adds up to, roughly, $1 billion of overall improvement. There are some headwinds. We've got some cost headwinds of a couple hundred million dollars, so we expect another record year in terms of cash generation for International Paper. And as Carol said, what we'll be doing is returning some of that cash as it gets produced to shareholders and also reducing our debt. So let me take a minute -- I'm on Page 33 now -- Slide 33, take a minute before the Q&A, just to go over the strategic initiatives. I think this is one of the things that makes International Paper different and gives us the earnings and cash flow runway from not only 2013 but 2014, even in a less than mid-cycle economic environment. So what you see here are the initiatives, the timing of when they're going to impact International Paper. And the pie chart on the right is meant to reflect the percent of the total impact that we expect to realize in 2013. So you can see it's just starting off with Temple. We're going to be there on synergies. With the synergy windows basically at the end of this year, we're well beyond our initial synergy target. We're going to realize that all in 2013. There are others like Olmuksa, which is the buyout of our joint venture in Turkey, and the Orsa packaging business that we just acquired in January in Brazil. They're going to add to International Paper earnings in 2013, so you see those as whole grain. Others like Franklin, the pulp line, we should be about 60% to 70% fluff pulp this year, 100% fluff pulp next year, so we'll see the full impact, we'll see an impact in 2013, which will be positive, and we'll see the full impact next year. APPM and Sun are really more about 2014 than they are about 2013. And all those projects added up represent, as I said, $350 million to $400 million of EBITDA potential. That's about 40% of the total impact of those projects. So you can see we've got a big, big chunk coming in this year and more to follow in 2014. And finally, down below the EBIT line but in our equity earnings, Ilim is going to become more positive in 2013 even with the continued weak pulp market because we're in the commissioning phase, we'll be in a startup phase, commissioning phase, both at Koryazhma, where we're adding a new paper machine, we're running the converting equipment, and perhaps, we're adding new fiber line. We're now running the recovery boiler on liqueur. And the full impact of those projects will be realized in 2014, when they're both up and running full. And what all that means for Ilim is another $400 million of improvement at mid-cycle. Not all of that will come in to equity earnings because we got increased depreciation, we've got increased interest with the debt we've taken on, but it does mean that in 2014, a big portion of that will be flowing through equity earnings and potentially in dividends. So when you add all that up, what we're thinking about is close to $2 billion of free cash flow as we move through 2013 and 2014, which we're pretty excited about. So I'm going to stop right there and open it up to questions. I have most of my colleagues here with me in Memphis, so I think we're ready.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question is you mentioned on the improvement on Slide 33 from all the projects and that $350 million to $450 million on a mid-cycle basis would be just 40% of the improvement. Can you just clarify, that is the amount you would expect and hope to see in 2013, and all the improvement from these projects would actually be north of $1 billion plus whatever Ilim gives you. Is that the right way to read that?
John V. Faraci: Yes. Yes.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. And then next question is you mentioned, Carol, that the downtime in the fourth quarter in containerboard -- or in particularly not the downtime, the lack of downtime was to build inventories ahead of the seasonal downtime you're about to take. And I was just wondering if you could give us a gauge as to what the inventory increase was for your system in the fourth quarter, and even if you have a look at January.
Carol L. Roberts: I'll let Mark answer that question, Chip.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Chip, great question on inventory. We have entered the quarter with very lean inventories, as Carol mentioned. And we had a couple operating problems that made it difficult for us to build the inventories we needed. So we ended the fourth quarter trying to build inventory to prepare for our outages in -- actually in the first 2 quarters, and we didn't quite reach our target. We did build some finally through December but not enough, so we're working toward getting our inventories in shape in January so we could execute the outages that we have first half.
John V. Faraci: Yes, I'll just add there, Chip, on a 13 million-ton system, when you have supply chain problems, the numbers get big pretty quickly. So we want to rectify that and -- so we don't have those supply chain issues internally with customers going forward.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. I mean, can we have seen like 100,000 tons, I mean, given the size your system, increase since the low point in September?
Mark Stephan Sutton: We would have loved to have seen that to prepare for, like I said, really the first half of the year upwards of 60% of our outage, but we didn't have anywhere near that number.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then just the last question is, when you look at the goal of getting the total debt including pension below 3x, and you sort of mentioned that you can sort of see getting there at the end of the year. I guess a couple things, one is, I mean, the year is only a month old, but it's fascinating to see that the probably 25 basis points, I'm guessing, or 20 of that 100-basis-point hit you took that created that, I guess, $1.3 billion or $1.4 billion increase in the pension underfunded position. That a part of that has reversed and your assets have gone up. I mean, if you kind of looked at this in realtime, I guess, is that you're already seeing that reverse. And do you feel you need to get below that 3 point before you would, say, consider buying back shares?
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, I think what's important is using the cash in the most effective and prudent way that we can. We'll continue to evaluate debt pay-down, as well as other uses, as you've mentioned. Dividend's a priority, and share buybacks, certainly, are something that we would consider.
John V. Faraci: Yes, Chip, what we said consistently is our objective is not to fund the -- fully fund the pension plan with a discount rate at 50-year lows. That's not [indiscernible]. Certainly, we want to get the balance sheet debt down to less than 3. We're conscious of the pension obligation. We've got in our cash flow planning, we got plenty of cash to put in the pension plan as we need to. As Carol said, we don't need to put -- it's a modest amount for 2014. So interest rates, you're right, I think it will go a long way into helping us fund the pension plan, and we're not going to do it all with cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: It's great to see that your market, really, of downtime in containerboard was down by basically 1/6 of what it was. But why even take downtime if you had the supply-chain disruptions, or you just didn't realize that you were that lean?
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark. That's part of the issue. All of the lack of order or market downtime was taken very early in the quarter. Usually, we expect a little more seasonal decline in the fourth quarter, and it wasn't really happening, so we unwound the planned lack of order downtime early in the quarter. And everything looked good until we had a couple of reliability issues, and that resulted in us having some additional costs, mainly in freight and in waste in the box plants because we were sourcing board from less-than-optimal mills. But we really got the lack of order downtime out of the way early in the quarter, really in October.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And we know you're taking some maintenance, Q1. Can you discuss, I guess, just your order trends in the first few weeks of January?
Mark Stephan Sutton: For the box business in North America or in the U.S., the order trends look about what -- like we expected. So for us, we've been tracking probably a little lower than the overall market and in the box market in the U.S., and that's kind of what we're seeing. But I'll remind you that the way we run the business is we try to maximize our potential through all 3 channels, the North American box business, but also the open market and the export market for containerboard. And we'll constantly move between those 3 segments to optimize the business.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And why do you think you're running a little below the North American trend? Is it just that you're turning away bad business?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think if you think about what we've been through in the year, obviously, we took on a lot of new business with the form of Temple business. There's a lot of integration activities on the commercial side. Not all of that business met our objectives in terms of capability or economics. And so in order to make improvements in the business, we have to make choices, and we've been doing that and will probably continue to do that for a period of time until we have the best mix for International Paper and the best service for our customers. So it's not anything that we are alarmed by. It's part of the process of optimizing the new company that we built.
John V. Faraci: Another point, Steve, is we're under-weighted in durables relative to maybe the overall market and overweighted in nondurables. So as you get the flow in impact to housing, which is going to be significant on the durable side, we're going to be -- we're underrepresented there now, and we're probably going to grow that durables segment over time selectively.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You have a helpful slide showing your returns over the past decade, and maybe 2 questions there. When you think big picture about the dip in returns from 2011 to 2012, should we think about that as being primarily driven by the heavy lifting around the Temple integration and maybe a slightly larger capital base? And then second question, when you think about moving those returns higher in 2013, what are the businesses or geographies within IP that really have the most potential to improve their return on capital in 2013 relative to where they were in 2012?
Carol L. Roberts: Anthony, this as Carol. I'll just take the first part on that. Yes, the dip you see in '12 was certainly the fact that we made a big investment. But when you see the rebound that's going to happen in 2013, it's going to show how successful and accretive and synergistic the Temple-Inland acquisition is going to be to the financial performance of the company.
John V. Faraci: And some of the big levers, Anthony, in terms of where returns are going to improve, Industrial Packaging in North America for sure, with a full year of merger benefits now and a full year of the implementation of the pricing -- of the containerboard and box price increase, that's big. In Latin America, the returns in Brazil get better because we're selling more paper in the region, where the EBITDA per ton or the EBIT per ton is significantly higher than it is for the rest of the world. And that market's growing. And we got the boiler project in India. And we paid the price to get into India, and we see a lot of improvement. We can sell all we can make, which is something you can't say about the paper business necessarily in North America, but got good growth there. So India is still small. But those are 3 of other places, 1 very large, Industrial Packaging; 1 smaller, where we see a lot of upside for improving return on invested capital.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And you mentioned the North American paper business, and you had pretty positive performance globally. But when you look at -- I was wondering if you could talk about how maybe volumes in 4Q trended versus your expectations. And we seemed to have a pretty bad industry number in December, if you have any kind of observations on that. I saw that you have like a 3% volume decline assumption for 2013, and maybe if you could just kind of comment on those trends.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Anthony, it's Tim Nicholls. Actually, in the fourth quarter, I think as the quarter started, we felt relatively good about our volume levels. And they held up well in October and the first half of November as well, and then you always get the seasonal downtick around Thanksgiving. But I think what was notable, first part of December looked very good, and then I think probably around the 20th of the month, the weekend before Christmas, everything shut down, and they pretty much shut down for the year. We heard that consistently across all segments of customers, and I think it was probably a combination of what was going on in Washington, as well as everybody wanted to run the inventory levels down as much as they could or had sufficient inventories they felt to hold them over. So I don't read too much into the December number. I think it's overstated. And when you look at this year, the 3% is really not our forecast for sale, though we agree with it, it's what third parties are saying. So it's a blended rate between PPPC and RISI. But I think when you look at volume for total year 2012, a little bit higher than the 3% to 4% that we think on a secular basis. But I think secularly, we're right in line where we think we should be. And cyclically, we didn't get as much help from the economy as we thought we would.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A question for Mark Sutton, just to start. Mark, it looks like you had about 570,000 tons of market downtime for the full year. And I assume in 2013, you're going to get some more operational benefits from integrating the Temple mill. Is there any reason with that kind of slack in the system and sort of low growth scenario in front of us for the next 12 months why you wouldn't look at making some permanent moves on the supply side?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, it's a good question because we honestly don't want to take that much lack of order downtime if we don't have to. But you got to remember what I've said earlier about the 3 channels of export, open market and domestic box, and the fact that we have these off-take agreements from the mills we divested. When we look at all of those moving parts, we believe we're going to need the containerboard that our system can currently make going forward. So while this might be a little slack in the near term as we move through those divested mill offtakes and as we look at the global growth in the containerboard. And as I said earlier, we don't intend to track below the market forever in the box. We just have to get in the right segments and optimize the business. I think we're in pretty good shape. We would have to believe, Mark, in a real structural change in the demand profile for us to be considering permanent capacity adjustments.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's fair. Those offtakes are pretty important. Can you remind us just generally how long those offtakes run for?
Mark Stephan Sutton: It's a 3-year agreement, from -- starting from the summer of 2012, and it goes down in commitment volume each year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, John, a question for you. Can you just talk with us, generally, about the potential for kind of further acquisition or growth initiatives over the next year or 2? I'm particularly curious in some of the offshore markets, say, the Packaging business in Russia or that packaging business in India. You've talked about, particularly in India, wanting to grow in packaging.
John V. Faraci: Well, International Paper is not an M&A story. We're through the transformation plan. That's over. We've rebuilt the company. It looks different, and it's got a lot of performance potential upside in the existing assets we have. So I'll just say that to reinforce that we're not out saying we have to do things to improve International Paper, we've got plenty on our plate that we've put in place over the last several years. India, we think, is going to be an exciting market for International Paper for a long time. That doesn't mean we're going to be doing a whole lot of things in 2013 other than continue to make improvements at APPM. We are going to generate a lot of cash. Our priorities are to use that in a balanced way. And if there aren't opportunities to reinvest in some of our strategic businesses, we'll return more to shareholders. But International Paper is not M&A-driven at this point, and we've put in place what we need to make International Paper a much better company. And we're excited about the runway for '13 and '14 with just what we have.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. The last question I have was for Carol. I wondered if you could just help us with the ramp-up that we might see from Ilim in the second half of the year? And if you can give us any color on this sort of next phase of Ilim build-out that Paul Herbert had talked about publicly about 15 months ago?
John V. Faraci: Let me take that one, Mark. The -- we'll be starting out -- start with Koryazhma. That's where we're putting a paper machine in that we moved from Scotland. That will be starting up in March. Behind -- we're already running the converting equipment. Behind that, we've got a coater going in, in the second quarter, so we'll be able to make 50,000 to 100,000 tons of coated paper. We're the only producer of coated paper in the Russia market. Going back to Bratsk, that's a pulp line will start up probably late in the first quarter. We're going to do that right because of what's going on with the markets in China. And you'll see those facilities ramp up. The pulp lines will be a little shorter than the paper machine because we've got to get all the grades qualified. And we should be at full ramp as we come out of '13 into '14. The objective at Ilim is going to be to pay down some of the debt that the joint venture has taken on to fund the projects. But we're going to have a whole lot more debt capacity because, as I said, we'll add $400 million of EBITDA to an already pretty healthy Ilim at mid-cycle. And there are some possibilities, as Paul talked about. We have -- the Ilim board hasn't made any decision but they'll be talking about that as -- probably as we move out to '13 into '14. But the priority of Ilim is get those projects started up and start to give Ilim some more headroom on its balance sheet, so that it's got some options. Plus we got an opportunity to increase the dividend. All those things are available to us.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. It sounds like, John, in summary, we shouldn't expect a lot of benefit in the second half of '13 just from equity contribution standpoint, that's really more 2014, is that correct?
John V. Faraci: Correct. Because you've got increased interest and increased depreciation which is going to kind of offset most of the EBIT improvement we expect to see if pricing stays where it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, I guess I had a question for you and the team. As we look at the incremental runway drivers that you call that in total worth $350 million to $450 million, what confidence level would you place on the lower and upper bounds and other discrete factors you are risk adjusting for that provide the range of outcomes in your guidance, what could you share with us in terms of how those numbers -- or how that performance, rather, could move over the year?
John V. Faraci: Well, just starting at the top. We have a lot of confidence in what we see with -- in industrial packaging with Temple, I said that the price increase is in. The -- we have -- we know what we got to do to get more synergies. And we can't wait to get through the synergies and turn optimization, so a lot of confidence on that. That's a big number. Franklin, we basically sold a lot of fluff pulp, but we need to qualify it. So our customers are waiting for us to qualify the pulp. We're going to have more Tier 1 and Tier 2 customers than we thought, which is better margins in Q3. A lot of confidence on that. xpedx has made a huge amount of progress on the warehouse side and the purchasing side. It's all then offset by what's happening on the revenue side and print. So xpedx has been treading water, but if they haven't been working hard on what they've been doing, we wouldn't be treading water. Our Mogi boiler is up and running. I'd say that's in the bank. We've got to work through the excess capacity that exists in China around the coated board business, as you've seen before when China's markets, since they're all growing, when they grow, they can take and absorb capacity pretty quickly. And I think the Chinese economy has kind of seen its a slow point. So Olmuksa and -- Olmuksa has been operating for a decade, so we know that. Orsa's new, but we like what we see so far. It's in the early days. Ilim is -- we're operating in Russia, it's going to take some time to get those ramped up. Hopefully they come on faster, but we know how to do this, we've done it before. So I'd say, all in, we're pretty confident. And this all assumes a more-of-the-same economic environment. The economic environment gets better, that's terrific.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So really, the $100 million, that is really driven by the macro, not any specific issue you have in terms of execution or any of the projects. It sounds like maybe out of all of them, Asia and China relative to Sun JV is where you might potentially have the most swing factor. Will those be the 2 growth areas?
John V. Faraci: Probably, yes, that's a fair statement, George. Let's see -- trying to forecast what's happening in China is never easy. We could easily have a $50 million swing.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Appreciate the color on that and for that matter, all the details on the slide deck and the conference call. I wanted to take it back on earlier question I think Mark had asked and directed at Mark Sutton in terms of the supply chain and output potential within containerboard. Now given as you see the world and given your 3 channels, you believe that you have a need for all the 13 million tons that you produced. And certainly, the results you've been putting out would suggest that, that's correct. Do you see the footprint necessarily being unchanged in producing those 13 million tons over time, or could you have a leaner or lighter footprint as you get those tons out of your system over the next couple of years? And what are the next big moves within the mill and supply chain optimization program?
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, that's a great question on the footprint. I mean, we are optimizing the 17 mills that we have now, and it's always possible that we could find a way to make immediate containerboard with a lighter footprint. We don't have anything in the near term that would say we found that. The biggest work left to do in the supply chain is -- we sort of don't talk about this much, but we're operating these mills on 2 different, distinctly different, supply chain systems, but we've completely blended the supply to the box plants and to the open market between the 2 systems. And so there's a level of manual operation that will go away through 2013 as we install the new supply chain systems that we use in International Paper in all of the former Temple mills. And that is probably going to produce the opportunity for the biggest internal cost benefit and external service benefit for our customers. So that's what we're focused on for this year. In addition to, as Carol mentioned, the one area in the synergy target that's not quite filled, the bucket that's not quite filled, is the mills in the supply chain. There are some projects we're going to execute in the first half of the year, mainly in the first quarter, that will allow us to capture those mill synergies from a cost and operational flexibility and, in some cases, from a quality standpoint. So I think we've got a lot of opportunity, and we are always studying the footprint not only in this business but in all the businesses in the company and looking for the smartest way to produce the product we need for the demand we have.
John V. Faraci: We can make what we need to with less facilities to do it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. Two last quick ones, and I'll turn it over, one on xpedx and the other on maintenance spending for the year. On xpedx, and taking a step back, were you pleased with the performance in the business in the quarter and in the year in light of the discussion, I guess, from a year or so ago, where Mary gave a review on the next step change, where you used that as a phrase of the day, in terms of xpedx's potential in improving your profitability, how would you have us think about that? And then on maintenance spending, we appreciate the schedules. I thought I heard you say at one point in time there's a $7 million improvement or reduction in maintenance spending. One of the slides has $11 million. And then when I compared Slides 30 and 37 to look at the sequential change in maintenance, I don't see much of a difference, at least not in my deck. Can you just tic-and-tac that for us?
John V. Faraci: Well, George, Mary is not here, so I'll speak to the xpedx. I think if Mary was here, she'd say she wasn't satisfied with xpedx's performance in 2012 and principally because we weren't able to offset all these challenges we had on the print side with revenues. And that said, we like the progress we've made on the buy, handle, sell front. And if we hadn't done that, we wouldn't be where we're at. But we've got to quickly get our warehouse configuration in place. That will be in place by the end of the year. And get all of the purchasing that we're going to centralize to get the advantage of that. So more work to be done, but I'd say we're basically close to being on schedule in terms of the internal stuff. What we didn't see was the challenge we're going to see in the print space, principally commercial printing. So it's not paper overall, it's coated papers. That's our biggest product line. So, no, we're not satisfied or pleased where we're at, but this is where we are at, and we're holding our own.
Carol L. Roberts: And related to your question on maintenance, I see what you're saying. On 37 and 38, we're showing essentially flat, and yet I called out a change. And we'll clarify that for you, and -- but my guess is the back schedules are probably closer, and we probably have some other projects that I included in that, that were operational in nature.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So on recent calls, it seems there had been some diverging views around virgin wood fiber prices in the U.S. And your charts, obviously, do show a bit of an uptick in your wood basket. So I'm just kind of curious how you guys are thinking about these recent trends. How much would you say is seasonal versus, perhaps, the start of a structural trend given the recovery in housing and increased wood pellet demand?
John V. Faraci: Well, I guess I'd characterize that, Phil, saying we've come to see more upside -- more pressure on recycled fiber costs than we see on virgin fiber costs. But we see upside pressure on both but more on the recovered fiber side of it. And we're big -- obviously big in both, so you're right. What's going on with housing, OSB plants coming back online, lumber mills coming back online. We're going to get the chips, but we're not going to get chips from OSB plants when you've got some wood pellet plants that are starting up. And so that's all principally softwood. On the hardwood side, I'd say it's not as acute on the demand side, but we see some upside pressure, but hardwood prices didn't come down as much as plant prices did. So we don't see a blowout in fiber prices, but we see some upside pressure, probably more upside pressure on recycled fiber prices, just because of the impact that China has on recovered fiber markets around the world. They've got a 40 million-ton box market now, and most all of that's recycled fiber. And that's going to continue to grow, and it's going to grow all with recycled fiber.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And to clarify the $200 million input costs, does it assume stable wood fiber prices after the first quarter, basically, or declines, or how you're thinking about that?
John V. Faraci: We're assuming some virgin fiber prices rise through 2013. We're assuming that the OCC prices rise through 2013, and we got a little bit of year-over-year energy costs, because we don't see -- we see low energy gas prices, we don't see $2 gas on the horizon. We have that for a while in 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from the light of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm just curious, when you look at the comments on kind of appreciated demand in late December, we saw that across all the printing and rating grades. Just wondering, did you see that type of phenomenon in any other product area where kind of at the end of the year, things dropped off, and just to clarify exactly kind of has that bounced back, to what extent, in January?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Gail, this is Tom Kadien. We saw, I think, a similar pattern, as Tim described, on uncoated freesheet and the coated board segment. But I would say that I'm feeling a bit better as January has gotten longer, things have seem to come out of the seasonal fourth quarter, which was pretty weak in the back part of the quarter.
Timothy S. Nicholls: And, Gail, it's Tim. I would just build on, as we mentioned earlier, that we saw a similar thing in the uncoated freesheet business as we moved into January. It seemed like people were building or rebuilding pipelines, inventory pipelines, as we got into the first couple weeks of this month. So in our mind, it just reinforced the fact that things kind of shut down at the end of the year.
John V. Faraci: Yes, keeping in mind IP is a global company. We had in Europe, in South America, in India, in Russia, we finished the year probably as strong on the demand side as we started the year. We're gaining share in Europe. We're gaining share in South America. We're probably growing with the market in India. And we need more capacity in Russia. So the trends that we were talking about are really North American trends, but they're not the same as the global trends.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just some questions on the containerboard export market, if you could just give us more color on what you're seeing there and in particular, what's happened to pricing in the last little bit and maybe, if possible, where mill mets are on export tonnage versus domestic?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, the export market, really, that was one of the positives in the fourth quarter. It remains strong where we normally see a bit of a dip. We saw strong demand, especially in Europe, the Middle East and Asia and also in Latin America. Craft liner demand in Asia wasn't quite as strong, but it was stable with the prior quarter, so we just didn't see any uptick. And prices continue to improve. I think our prices were up over the third quarter, close to $40 a ton, and $57 to $60 from the beginning of the year. So in essence, demand has been steady to improving in all the markets we serve, and pricing has been improving.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And have those trends effectively continued in the first part of this year?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, they have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just had a quick question on the box plant system. You mentioned that you're at 100% for the synergy savings. That got you to the $150 million on the box plant savings for the synergies. But you also mentioned at the Analyst Day of $50 million of optimization savings above and beyond that $150 million. Can you talk about sort of when you think you can attain that, what else is left to do to optimize the box system going forward? Maybe how soon you can get to the $50 million run rate?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Scott, the $50 million was part of the overall optimization. That's the part we sort of peg for the box business, and we feel -- we still feel very good about being able to achieve that. And I think a good portion of that we'll achieve through the 2013 time period. And it's a lot -- it's not a silver bullet, it's a lot of initiatives on the commercial side. And some of it relates back to what we talked about on the supply chain. As soon as we can have one system and really optimize our supply chain, we'll make sure that freight is at an absolute lowest and box plant waste is at an absolute lowest, and then we'll have opportunity to improve our commercial performance. And we still feel very good about the optimization targets that we shared back at Investor Day.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe there are some potential upside to the $350 million to $400 million project in 2013 from the box optimization? I didn't see it listed in the projects anywhere.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Part of the reason it's not listed as a project, is we view it -- as we move through the synergy acquisition period, as John said, we view it as optimizing the business, so we don't call it out. But at the end, it's inside of the words we used around the upside of industrial packaging for 2013 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Atkinson with BMO Capital.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: In terms of Orsa, are you able to take about any, should we say, low-hanging fruit or synergies with regards to your existing businesses there?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Stephen, it's Tim. I think we're -- it's 2 weeks, so, as I think John said, it is early days, but what we see so far, we like. It's kind of right in line with expectations. If you recall, this was all about taking what was generally a good commercial operation and looking at the manufacturing side and increasing efficiencies and lowering costs. Our first view being in the facilities for a couple weeks says that everything that we thought was there is there, and there may be other opportunities.
John V. Faraci: It's a 20% EBITDA margin business, and we think we can get it to the 25% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Following on that question, do you think that Orsa's lack of Timberland is a competitive disadvantage versus the other virgin producers? And do you expect to acquire Timberland to support Orsa?
John V. Faraci: No, that's not the plan, currently, Mark. In the holding company that Orsa was pulled out of, there are forestry assets. We chose not to have them included in the business because, quite frankly, we didn't feel like we needed them to support the business. So there's supply arrangements with their forestry operations for a portion of the furnished, but a lot of it will be coming from open market.
John V. Faraci: Mark, the dynamics of the pine supply-side in Brazil are very different than the hardwood side. A lot of pine was planted a long time ago, and so you don't have to have plantations like you do in the paper business to be able to access fiber.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Sure. We've seen those prices move up. That was why I was wondering.
John V. Faraci: Yes. The prices will move up, but you know the land business, if prices then should move up on your own land because you need market to market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, I think you said that you expect free cash flow in '13 of $2 billion?
John V. Faraci: I think we should be approaching $2 billion.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Approaching $2 billion, so that would imply that free cash flow is up about $450 million on a year-over-year basis?
John V. Faraci: In that ballpark, yes.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you guys talked about the incremental runway from the internal projects of $350 million to $450 million, so a midpoint of about $400 million, so that imply that price cost minus the impact from divested mills is about $50 million in 2013?
John V. Faraci: Well, part of the free cash flow generation is coming from that $400 million of strategic initiatives improvement, then you've got the box price increase in containerboard, and then you've got a bunch of cost headwinds. And so all that nets out to just what we -- $450 million roughly of free cash flow. But remember, only -- that's only 40% of the impact of those projects. There is another kind of double it to come in 2014, '15.
John V. Faraci: Yes, let me just, before I need to wrap up here, just summarize kind of how we see things. So 2012 is now behind us. We thought it was very much of a transition year for International Paper. And setting an all-time free cash flow or all-time cash from operations record in the transition year, we're pleased with, but we're not satisfied that you've seen all that International Paper can do. So we're excited about 2013. I hope it remains a cash flow story. And even in a more-of-the-same economic environment, we're pretty positive on the kind of incremental earnings and cash flow we're going to generate in what still is in the mid-cycle environment around the world. So we'll be looking forward to talking to you in the quarters coming about our progress.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, John, and thank you, all, for joining today. Of course, please direct any further questions or follow-ups to me or Michele Vargas at the phone numbers on Page 34 in your Appendix; and for Media, to Tom Ryan. Thanks again, and have a great morning.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia
Analysts: Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phillis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glenn Landau, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Phillis, and good morning. And thank you for joining International Paper's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President, Printing Papers, the Americas. During this call, as always, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information, a reconciliation of which will be found on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2012 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, given our expanded disclosure around the Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. As you all know, this morning, we announced our third quarter results. I characterize them as strong results despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. We increased our EBITDA sequentially by $100 million to over $975 million, while continuing to generate excellent cash flow from operations. And I'd note, this is after the divestment of 3 containerboard mills, which took about $45 million of EBITDA out of the quarter. In line with our commitments around capital allocation, we've reduced our balance sheet debt by $800 million in the quarter, partially funded by the proceeds from the building product from the 3 mills sales, containerboard mills. As well as increased our dividend by 14% to $1.20 a share, reiterating our confidence in our outlook for free cash flow into 2013. And as Tim will speak about after we wrap up earnings, we strengthened our global portfolio by announcing yesterday our strategic entry into the corrugated packaging market in Brazil. Within our North America Industrial Packaging business, during the quarter, we successfully implemented a $50 a ton containerboard price increase and importantly achieved our original merger benefit target of $300 million, 15 months ahead of schedule. So the headline there is more and faster. While maintenance outages were lower in the third quarter across, really, all of our businesses, seasonally softer demand in our corrugated box business because of our heavy concentration of ag business in the second quarter, coupled with overall slow growth in North America and in a lot of the markets we compete in around world, our packaging businesses were a little slower and we took a lot more downtime in Industrial Packaging that you'll see during the quarter. On the strategic front, Franklin continued its successful production ramp-up and qualification of fluff pulp, and the Sun joint venture started up the fourth coated paperboard machine in September. Let me just move to the next slide, which is the financial snapshot. Revenues were in line with the last quarter and up more than 6% versus the third quarter of last year. That's principally due to the Temple-Inland acquisition. EBITDA margin compression was primarily due to lower pulp prices. Pulp prices hit their bottom during the third quarter. And lower export price realizations really in all the places where we make paper and export, which is principally North America and Brazil, and they were offset partially by the Temple merger benefits. As I said earlier, really the story in the quarter is continued strong cash flow from operations, nearly $900 million. Let me turn it over to Carol now to kind of go through the details.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As John mentioned and as you can see on Slide 7, we continue to make significant progress on our balance sheet, reducing our debt of further $800 million in the quarter. And this brings our total debt paydown since the Temple-Inland acquisition to $1.5 billion, and that puts us on track to meet our debt-reduction target by the year end of 2013. Taking a closer look at the third quarter financial bridge on Page 8. As you see, we earned $0.75 per share from continuing operations and before special items, and that's versus the $0.46 we earned in the second quarter. The primary headwind we faced this past quarter besides the expected loss of operating profits associated with the divested mills was volume, which was down sequentially by $0.05. And as John noted, this was largely due to seasonally lower box sales noted by our heavy mix of agriculture in the second quarter, and as John said, also impacted by continued overall slow growth across North American packaging businesses. The operations and cost line, while positive, does include a couple of items worth noting. There's $0.04 of downside exposure due to an unfavorable but noncash LIFO inventory valuation adjustment and a further $0.02 of Temple-Inland purchase accounting true-ups. We were able to more than offset these items with good operations, incremental Temple-Inland synergies of $15 million and the Franklin start-up. And lastly, as you can see on the bridge, outages were lower in the quarter and our share of the Ilim JV earnings were favorably impacted by currency versus the negative adjustment we saw in the second quarter. In terms of downtime, we did have fewer scheduled outages, which meant increased market-related downtime to effectively match our supply to our customers' demand in the quarter. Across our packaging businesses, this did result in increased market-related downtime quarter-over-quarter. Conversely, in our papers and pulp business, we continue to run full, leveraging higher export shipments. Moving to global input costs on Slide 10. Costs were largely balanced quarter-over-quarter. Industrial Packaging did benefit from lower OCC, but the upside was largely offset across the enterprise by higher natural gas costs, as well as wood prices. Looking at Industrial Packaging, as we have already shared, the business was impacted by seasonally weaker sales volume and associated incremental market-related downtime. The unfavorable inventory valuation adjustments and purchase accounting true-ups in the quarter cost $30 million, and these are reflected in the operations line. We did offset this by fewer outages, lower inputs and continued positive progress on our Temple-Inland synergies. The net result was an operating profit before special items of $342 million in the third quarter versus $367 million in the second quarter of '12. And I would like to note that the LIFO inventory valuation change is primarily a result of the containerboard price increase as we value our inventory at our box plant at the new price. With that said and despite the downtime, the impact of the LIFO and purchase accounting charges on Slide 12, it shows that our North American business compares favorably to the best of the competitive set once again this quarter. And I truly believe this really demonstrates our ability to navigate seasonality and run our business both operationally and commercially extremely effectively. Moving your attention to the synergy run rate ramp chart depicted on Slide 13, on a run-rate basis, we have met our original target of $300 million in synergies within the first 8 months of closing the transaction. An impressive achievement by Mark and his team with more to come as they capture the identified incremental opportunity of $100 million by the end of '13. Relative to where the synergies are coming from, with more than 75% of the synergies already achieved in overhead, box and sourcing buckets, the runway in '13 is largely about paper machine optimization and efficiency improvements at the mills, and these realizations will be timed with our planned outages that are primarily in the first half of the year. Moving on to Consumer Packaging. Operating profit before special items were $67 million in the third quarter compared to $63 million in the second quarter of '12. Continued weak demand and pressure on pricing, primarily in Asia, impacted the quarter. But they were more than offset by lower plant maintenance outages expenses. Earnings in the third quarter for the Foodservice business continued to be strong and were in line with the prior quarter. Relative to our competition, the North American business continued to outperform the best of the competitive set in the quarter. Moving to Slide 17, as John mentioned earlier, the new coated paperboard machine at the Sun JV started up ahead of schedule on September 19. While we will begin qualifying the A grade products in the market over the next several months, we do expect that we will have incremental ramp-up costs in the fourth quarter. And as we start up and we line up the machine, we will be making primarily the commodity of grades, and we know that we're bringing those grades and those -- that volume into a softer market. But we do expect earnings to gradually improve in '13, as the grade A premium product is qualified with our core customers and the markets begin to improve over the course of the year. Moving on to Slide 18, Printing Papers and Pulp nearly doubled their earnings before special items in the third quarter, delivering $201 million in operating profit, and that compares very favorably to the $106 million in the second quarter of '12. Volume improved across all geographic segments, including export, and Franklin added $12 million in the quarter as it began to produce and sell primarily commodity softwood pulp to the market. We did see higher input costs, primarily from energy and wood of $21 million that did offset the significant reduction in expenses associated with the lower plant outages in the quarter. Looking at the year-to-date volume change on Slide 19 of our Printing Papers and Pulp business around the world, our global demand is up just over 5% across all of our segments compared to the same period of last year. So while uncoated freesheet demand is down in line with expectations in North America, our emerging market businesses are growing at or above market. And we've been able to take advantage of our global market access to increase our exports out of North America as opportunities arise. And let me give you a great example of that. When the export volume from Brazil is repatriated back into Latin America to meet our growing local demand, we've been able to use our North American exports to fill the void for some of our core customers. This synergistic opportunity to leverage our global footprint really does differentiate IP from our regional competitors, and we believe that this will continue to afford us some advantages in the medium and the long term. On the strategic front, we continue to make progress at the Franklin mill, as manufacturing and the sales teams work together to qualify our premium fluff pulp with our core customers. To date, the team is ahead of plan. And as the chart on Slide 20 shows, the current projection of the ramp-up of fluff pulp sales to our core customers will exceed our original expectations. Now with that said, we expect our customers demand to match our incremental annual capacity for fluff pulp by 2014. So in the meantime, given our swing production capability across the system, we will continue to make and sell softwood commodity pulp until we reach the sense dates and match our supply to our customers' growing demand. Moving on to xpedx, the company's North American distribution business, reported operating profits of $24 million in the third quarter compared to $17 million in the second quarter of '12. Seasonal quarter-over-quarter volume improvement, we experienced that across all segments, but that was partially offset by lower commercial print margins while packaging and facility solutions margins improved. Regarding our Ilim joint venture. Operational results were impacted by the continued depressed pulp pricing and lower volume to the Chinese market in the third quarter. IP's equity earnings were further impacted by an after-tax foreign exchange gain of $21 million in the current quarter, resulting in total after-tax equity earnings of $33 million in the third quarter. So let me summarize on Slide 23 some of the key points from the quarter. We did deliver solid results in the third quarter despite a challenging global environment. And there's a couple of things that I would like to highlight. John said it, we did generate excellent free cash flow from operations. We continue to make great progress with the Temple-Inland integration, achieving our initial 2-year synergy run rate target in month 8. The building products sales process moves closer to the finish line, and we're very pleased with how that is proceeding so well. We signed a settlement agreement related to the Guaranty Bank litigation for $80 million that we are confident can be partially covered with some insurance proceeds. And most importantly, we successfully implemented containerboard price increase, which will provide significant earnings runway for our Industrial Packaging business in '13. So let me provide a little bit more detail on our outlook for the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect seasonally stronger volume in our EMEA box business and our Brazilian paper business, which will offset some of the normal seasonal demand declines that we'll see in packaging in North America. Moving to price. Box price realization associated with the North American containerboard increase and mix improvements from higher domestic sales in Brazil were more than offset the negative North American paper mix due to a higher volume of export shipments in the quarter. Operations will be relatively stable quarter-over-quarter, with the exception of the modest benefit Industrial Packaging we'll realize from the non-repeat of a portion of the Temple-Inland purchase accounting true-up. As input -- and also, there will be an incremental ramp-up in cost that will hit the Sun JV in the fourth quarter. Regarding inputs, we do expect to see some higher wood costs in OCC and energy costs amounting to an incremental $15 million to $20 million of expense. And lastly, we are moving from the third quarter, which was our lightest maintenance outage quarter to a more average quarter, so our expenses for outages will increase by $82 million as we move to a more normalized level. So with that, let me turn it back over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. So let me just summarize our fourth quarter outlook, precisely is really a more of the same type of demand environment, but it's going to be impacted by the normal expected seasonal slowdown in North America that we see every year after Thanksgiving, and then it's either more of a slowdown if the weather is bad or the usual slowdown if it's not. So with that, let me talk to sort of high-level about how we're seeing 2013. And at this point in time, we still expect and are going to be planning our next year for a more of the same global economy. I am quite positive and quite confident that our earnings runway will materialize in 2013, is quite positive. It's going to by led by the trajectory of the North American Industrial Packaging business with year-over-year earnings improvement due to pricing increase, Carol talked about, as well as continued synergy realizations. And we've also got other strategic and cost savings projects and initiatives in Brazil, Russia, China and North America that we've talked to you about. They're all going to turn from cost this year into contribution next year. We do expect higher fiber and energy costs in that new year, probably $100 million to $200 million, as well as a noncash pension expense, which is going to be sizable of $250 million to $300 million as a result of lower discount rates, start of return on assets and amortization of gains and losses. So net-net, as we look at 2013 and again, I'd say with the continuation of slow growth around the world, we think IP is very well positioned for significant improvement in EBITDA, free cash flow and return on capital as we get into 2013. Before I turn it over to Tim to talk about the announcement he made yesterday, he got us in the corrugated packaging business in Brazil, let me just take an opportunity to underline our commitment to the balanced use of cash that we think drives our shareowner value creation and talk about what we've done over the last year. So over the last 9 months, International Paper has used its free cash flow in line with what we shared to investors on Investor Day in May, and we'll continue to do so. We've returned more cash to shareholders in the form of a 14% increase in the dividend, which we plan to review annually. And we'll continue to adjust in line with our principles of sharing 30% to 40% of mid-cycle free cash flow in the form of dividends. We're going to deliver on our dividend growth commitment as free cash flow permits. We've aggressively reduced our debt on our balance sheet by $1.5 billion, as we've said we would, and we'll continue to do more of that through 2013. Keep in mind, however, though, with Temple, we've got more debt capacity because we've got more EBITDA. And finally, we've reinvested in our businesses very selectively in domestic and growing regions -- in domestic markets and growing regions in our core businesses, and those will continue to be a significant portion of our earnings profile going forward. So with that, let me turn it over to Tim to talk briefly about corrugated packaging acquisition that we announced yesterday.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John. I'm excited that I can talk to everyone about the strategic entry into corrugated packaging in Brazil that we announced yesterday. Yesterday, IP and Grupo Orsa formally agreed to form a corrugated packaging business, expanding IP's leading global platform to Brazil. IP will hold a 75% stake in the newly formed company, which will hold Grupo Orsa's current containerboard and box assets, and that share is valued at approximately $470 million. But before I discuss the Brazilian corrugated market and specifics around the deal in more detail, let me also update everyone on a change to our paper business, which is good news. We have an option, as you know, to build a second uncoated freesheet machine at the Tres Lagoas mill site. And that supply agreement that we have with Fibria and the option to build that second machine was set to expire in January of 2013. We've now agreed with Fibria to extend the timing on that. So the new agreement gives IP the option to start the second machine between 2016 and 2018, which we think better matches the incremental capacity that we're going to need to supply our customers' demand. And if you remember, to Investor Day, we were talking about meeting that capacity in the '15, '16 time frame. So this enables us to better time capital investment. Now let me turn to the packaging investment and talk about why we think this makes sense for International Paper. First of all, it's a market that we know well and it allows us to expand a core IP business into a growing market where we already have a meaningful presence with our paper business. It gives us the opportunity to earn good margins and an attractive return with industry margins in the corrugated packaging business between 20% and 30% in Brazil. So said another way, we can generate greater than cost of capital returns and increase shareowner value in a business and in a region that we know well. If you move to Slide 29, the case for growth is made easy. Per capita consumption in Brazil in both our core platforms have significant potential for growth, as this emerging margin market continues to expand its middle class. Note that Brazil today is below China on per capita consumption in both businesses or both products. Consumption in the packaging side will increase as nondurable production increases. And in both businesses, as the middle class continues to expand, which over the next 3 years is expected to grow by 15 million people -- growth should also be enhanced by 2 events, significant events, the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics. If you move to the next line, looking at the growth rates over the medium-term, RISI is currently forecasting approximately 3.5% compounded growth rates for both grades, which will create 1 million tons and 300,000 tons for new containerboard and uncoated freesheet through 2017. Now let me turn to Grupo Orsa, just talk about the company itself. We look at the company and say that the company has good people, good assets and a good customer base. It's currently earning 20% EBITDA margins and the customer base is made up of a lot of household name consumer products companies. Customers representing roughly 20% of the volume have been served by Orsa for 15-plus years, so really good relationships on the commercial side. The box plants are located in what is the largest consumer and industrial center in Latin America. So proximity to the market, also good. And the opportunity here is to grow organically, in line with market growth and optimized manufacturing operations, which when we benchmark against our IP facilities around the world, we think there's a significant opportunity. All of that, we believe, will allow us to take a business from 20% margins to a range of between 25% and 30% margins. If I turn to the deal specifics, purchase price is roughly $470 million at today's exchange rates and it's going to be financed by cash on hand in Brazil and also some financing which may be local financing that we'll be able to repay quickly. That represents an 8x EBITDA multiple and an 18% IRR for the investment, which well exceeds our local risk adjusted cost of capital. And the returns are going to be driven by 3% market box growth and 2% cash cost savings, which is only about half of what we achieved in our Brazilian operations and about 2/3 of what we're able to achieve across International Paper. So summing it up, the opportunity is to create shareowner value by earning attractive returns and increasing cash flow. And the real nature of this investment is all about buying a good business and making it better, and we'll do that by growing organically and optimizing manufacturing operations. So with that, Glenn, I'll turn it back over to you.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Tim. And with that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two questions here. One is the margin targets you laid out there, the 25% to 30% EBITDA margins, is there any kind of capital required to get to those margins? And the second question on the transaction is this is obviously still a pretty fragmented industry down in Brazil. So should we be thinking of this as kind of a step one of a multistep process? Or is this -- are you kind of pleased with the transaction as it stands?
Timothy S. Nicholls: On the capital side, Phil, what I really like about this deal is it's really minimal capital. There's a lot of process improvements we think we can make. And there is some capital that will be required, but I'd say it's in line with just running the business day to day. So it will revolve around de-bottlenecking, usage improvements on chemicals and energy and fiber. So in my view, it's minimal capital. In terms of the market itself, it is fragmented, but it's probably, in terms of the operating model, a market that is closest to the U.S. in terms of how it looks. It's integrated producers producing containerboard and corrugated boxes. You really need board supply to be a player in the corrugated box market. And I think the opportunity here is to make this investment and improve what it is. And if there are other opportunities, they'll have to be financially viable and earn the right to be part of the business.
John V. Faraci: So I'd just add, this is not -- I don't think this is a consolidation strategy for the industry in Brazil. Think of it as we bought, the #2 or #3 player depending how you want to measure it. And we think there's good growth opportunities with this business as the Brazilian market grows.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then the second question is just on containerboard in North America. Obviously, some significant market related downtime there. And if we kind of add it up here, year-to-date, you're tracking ahead of last year on the amount of downtime that you've been taking. So is this a cost savings opportunity? Is there an opportunity to take capacity out here? Or are you still kind of holding out hope in the growth of that we might see in the next couple of years and you'd rather wait?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Good morning, Phil. This is Mark. I think what we -- the way we think about the current, let's say, last 2 or 3 quarters in downtime is really trying to optimize the system that we have post-Temple integration. And we're making some choices on channels, segments and customers. And in the process of doing that, we make the board we need for that particular customer demand. But we do have a pretty good system for taking any downtime, whether it's market-related downtime or how we plan our maintenance to really drive to the lowest marginal cost production that we can have in any given period of time. So I think we're managing it very well. It's a big system. Over 13 million tons. And the level of downtime that's market-related plus planned maintenance is still resulting in a pretty decent operating rate. We do believe the market is going to improve beyond what it's doing in 2012. And I think that will, obviously, follow as the U.S. economy hopefully picks up.
John V. Faraci: The volume that we had to purchase from the containerboard mills, it wasn't available for us to ship from our own mills.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Right. So that's the other sort of added dynamic for a period of time as we go forward is as we executed the divestiture of the 3 mills that we were required to sell, we do purchase a good portion of that board back into our system, especially the 2 mills on the West Coast. They're in proximity to our box business there. So that's another added dynamic of 900,000 tons or so that we effectively had in our system in a diminishing rate over time. So really just trying to manage the whole supply chain. And if you look at -- just look at the past few quarters, I think we've got the ability to manage and flex our capacity with all of those variables playing into it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. First off, on Orsa, can you discuss what the age of the mills is right now? My guess it's relatively a young fleet of machines given that you mentioned, I guess, to Phil's question there's not a lot of incremental investment that needed to be done? And can you mention what the level of vertical integration is? Perhaps you said, I had missed it, and I had a follow-on.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. The vertical integration is around 80% plus or minus. I characterize the machines as being good assets. They run fairly well, but just as, for instance, they have more than 2x the amount of unplanned downtime across their system [ph] we would typically expect. So we see a huge reliability opportunity just in terms of how you run the -- how you maintain the machines, how you run the machines. And then there's also some opportunities around cost improvements from, as I mentioned, energy and chemical usage. So I think we like not only the mill assets but the box plant asset. It's actually a very -- in terms of housekeeping, it would rival what we look like in our Brazilian mills, which is probably company standard. So we think we've got a good fleet to work with.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Tim, to the extent that you will have less unplanned outages, do that suggest that perhaps the level of vertical integration will drop as you'll be producing paper at a greater rate or greater efficiency than it's currently being done? And if so, where do those tons go? Are they being largely sold domestically? Are they being put into the export market?
Timothy S. Nicholls: No, they're primarily sold domestically. And yes, it could drop a little bit, but I don't think it will be something that will be material for a long period of time.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My last question, I'll turn it over. Can you comment at all on how early trends are in terms of your key businesses, corrugated and printing papers? For what we've been seeing thus far in earnings season, trends seem like they've been perhaps sequentially getting better if you adjust for seasonality, that's across a broad array of packaging and paper markets, but what are you seeing?
Timothy S. Nicholls: [indiscernible] for North America, George?
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's largely North America because basically the companies that we track probably are more North America than international, but yes.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I'll just -- I'll start it on printing papers, and then hand it off to Mark. I mean, October looks pretty good so far in terms of order intake, backlogs and shipments. So if you look across all of the segments that we supply, we feel pretty good about October, and we'll see how the beginning of November shapes up.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes. On the corrugated packaging side, I would echo what Tim said. I mean, October is picking up sequentially over September. A couple of spots we see improvement on -- in our online retailing customers or Internet sales look better. We did see some pickup in our durables and building material-related segments, and that seems to have been kept at a sustained higher level. There are some offsets in some of the food segments we're in. Everybody knows what's going on in the meat and poultry industry relative to corn prices and their ability to bring their products to market. But I would say, October this year has got a couple more days than last year's October and I think we like what we see so far as the quarter starts.
John V. Faraci: Tom Kadien, do you want to comment on coated paperboard?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Sure, John. And George, in coated paperboard, the market I would say is still pretty soft. But sequentially, I think for a couple of quarters now we've seen, I think, 2% improvements in volumes quarter-over-quarter. So we're not where we'd like to be. I think we're off about 4% versus prior year. But sequentially, it's getting better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Looking at containerboard, just I guess starting there, a couple of quick questions. Looking at the downtime that you've taken relative to industry inventories, there's a little bit of a disconnect. Can you give some perspective on kind of where you see your inventories relative to the industry? And also, I think you've kind of referenced this, but maybe a little bit more color, as you transitioned in the Temple business, how is that going in terms of kind of retaining customers relative perhaps to the experience with Weyerhaeuser?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Okay, Gail, good questions. On the inventory side, we do our best with our supply-chain systems to predict what we need to make in the quarter or coming months. I would say in the third quarter, we probably got a little tighter than we wanted to from a service platform standpoint, so we'll try to fix some of that as we go forward. But our inventories, we believe, are in good shape at an absolute level. The challenge, of course, is always having the right stuff in the right places. I think we can continue to improve that. But we do like the ability to run the business with a good, tight supply chain. But we need to make sure our service levels are where they need to be. On business retention, we've done a number of things this year. And I'd say largely, we're satisfied. We've been able to earn some business that both companies had before and retained some of that. In some cases, customers have diversified a little bit, but we've been able to replace some of that business. We have been in the process of closing about 9 plants and changing some shift structure with some of the others. And our goal is to retain about 95% of the revenue during those processes, and that's where we're at right now on that. So I'd say, by and large, given we're making some choices about channels and customers, we feel pretty good about it. And our overall objective is to sustain our EBITDA margins, and we've been able to do that given we've got these commercial dynamics while we integrate Temple.
John V. Faraci: Gail, we lost some business. Or Temple was in the process of losing some business in the fourth quarter last year. So as Mark said, we feel pretty good about how we've operated with customers since we closed. But there's -- but by the time we got Temple, they're in process of losing some business in the third and fourth quarters of last year.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, that's a good point, John. Some of that actually materialized there in the summer, but they were notified at the end of last year that some changes will be made. We worked real hard to try to replace as much of that as we can.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And actually just sticking on that, you referenced expecting to be kind of 100% run rate on the price increase exiting the year. Can you give a little bit of color how you see that playing out in the fourth quarter relative to the first quarter next year?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think it's just a general statement that we're working real hard with our customers and we're making good progress with the box. And each -- every customer is an individual and you work with each customer. And we just -- we're making good progress. So I think in general, we'll be heading into the year, into 2013 in good shape on the pricing across our box business.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one, actually sticking on pricing. TIm, RISI has been reporting price weakness across a couple of uncoated freesheet grades. It seems maybe a bit more severe than what you're seeing, but can you just confirm that?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, I'd characterize pricing as stable, Gail. I mean, yes, there's pockets here and there, and everybody knows we're heading to a seasonally slower period of the year. But right now, if I had to characterize the business as a whole, I'd say it's stable.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And actually let me -- sorry, one last one. There was something referenced, I think, in the charges about European packaging restructuring, is that something that's been ongoing? Or is that something new and incremental?
Carol L. Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. That's something that's been ongoing. We've had our Spain. We built our new box plant in Spain. So we've closed a plant, and we're doing some things to realign that business and take cost out. So it's not a long-term project, but it was something that did hit us in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just couple of quick questions, first on Grupo Orsa. I assume that it's going to be fully consolidated on the balance -- or the income statement.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, it will be fully consolidated in all of our financials.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And do you have the opportunities or any agreement with respect to the remaining 25%?
Timothy S. Nicholls: There's language in the shareholders agreement, but it's really kind of a standstill for the first 3 years. And then there's an opportunity past the third anniversary to either -- to own more either through a put or a call.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And you indicated that the Brazilian corrugated market or I guess the containerboard is structured somewhat like the U.S. How would you characterize the actual box plant? Did they suffer from overcapacity as well?
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's a typical type of converting business. So there's always latent capacity in converting facilities. But I think that if you look at industry margins, when you look at it over a period of time, industry has been between the low-20s and the high-20s in terms of margins. So there's roughly 500,000 tons of containerboard that gets exported out of Brazil to other parts of the world. And there is less than 1% of containerboard that gets imported in. So I think it's a pretty stable market.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. And just switching gears, it's encouraging I guess, not surprising that wood products, we've got a nice window of opportunity. Any sense on the timing?
John V. Faraci: Yes, that depends on how -- whether we sell the business in pieces, which is one option or sell it all in one shot, which is another option. We have -- the good news is we have bidders for both. So it could go faster if it's one sale. It could go a little slower if it's 3 sales. Either way, we expect to have it closed in the first quarter. And I think we're looking at the bidding process. We've got a healthy, very healthy process going on, so we like the hand we've got.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Albert Kabili.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, just a question, I guess, on Grupo Orsa. On the -- why structure it as a JV? Why not buy the whole business along those lines? And then secondly, I know capital needs aren't going to be meaningful. But to the degree they are, do you see that as self-funding at this point?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I do see it as self-funding, more than self-funding. And why 75-25? Well, you got a person who started the business and he doesn't want to leave it entirely. So we'll be -- we'll have a management team in place that runs the business on a day-to-day basis, but he's a local business man. He's built the business up from the ground and wants to continue to be a part of the business.
John V. Faraci: And I think in our discussions with -- he was a major shareowner, and this discussions have been going on for quite some time. We come to believe that we can be -- he'd make a good partner. So we're not -- his preference was to keep the stake, and we were okay with that.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I mean, he really -- he knows the local market. He knows the customers. They have a very good commercial organization. I think he'd take the power of their commercial organization and our manufacturing and process know-how, and it will be a pretty powerful combination.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And just along M&A and capital allocation. At this point, with this acquisition, with still integrating Temple-Inland, how do you see future M&A playing out versus the capital allocation priorities that you've laid out?
John V. Faraci: Yes, this is not an M&A agenda. This Orsa has been on the radar screen for quite some time in terms of discussions. So we like the hand we have. We've got a lot going on, as you said, around the world. And as I said, we're poised to deliver significant improvement in EBITDA, free cash flow and ROI next year with everything we've got. So the balance allocation of cash is going to continue, and I don't think there's a big M&A pipeline ahead.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Okay, got it. And then final question for Caroline. I may have missed it, but on the initial read on pension expense next year, is that -- did you indicate that was $200 million higher? Or $200 million to $250 million is going to be the total expense for pension next year?
Carol L. Roberts: Al, you've heard it correctly that it's $250 million incremental pension expense, and you know where that's coming from. That is really just really driven by the discount rate. When you look at the interest cost calculation and then you look at the amortization of gains and losses, it's impacted by the discount rate. So unfortunately, it's an expense but fortunately, it's not cash. And if you go back and you look at the cash requirements, we -- looks like for '13, we've got a very small $40 million required cash contribution to the pension.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. And that's with the help of the highway bill as well, I take it?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: With just a couple of uncoated freesheet producers, it's striking how different people's view of the market is. I wonder if you could give us your perspective on some of the submarkets and how IP is performing relative to your view of the overall market? And also, if you could tell us how you're thinking about the substitution risk from some of the new stuff that we're seeing out there, whether that's going to affect you in specific places or whether it's just going to affect the fringe players?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. A couple of things. One, it's not uniform across all uncoated freesheet segments of the market. You're absolutely right. Printing Papers is and has been a little bit weaker than some of the other segments. But we look at our footprint here in North America and the customers that we're supplying. And then the second major point is we're able, given our footprint globally, to look out to other regions and take advantage of our presence in Latin America, our presence in Europe. And so where there has been soft places in the U.S. market, we've been -- we've had an export opportunity, not at the same margin structure but on export opportunity to either backfill Brazil and Europe or supplement Brazil's capabilities in Latin America.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a sense of whether the roll market looks very different from you versus cut size at this point? Again, I'm just trying to get a sense because it seems like every producer we talk to has got a different view, and that seems awfully strange in this market.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Maybe strange a little bit, but I don't think so. You got to look at weighting of position in terms of where people are -- what part of the market different companies are supplying. I can only speak to ours. We don't have a huge roll offset exposure to the market. So we're big on cut size and we're big on converting papers. And then we have a big specialty business that's embedded within printing and communications papers. So I think it depends on business mix across companies.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Is it fair to say that you're probably not very concerned about the substitution risk from some of these lower-end grades?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well I think you're always -- you look at the market, you want to make sure you're competitive. But we look at the fact that we consider ourselves a long-term strategic supplier with good quality and a great service platform, and that's how we're going to compete. We're not going to look at every competitor as an equal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first question is really just around capital allocation and more specifically, around the debt reduction. You have that Slide 7 where you show currently at 3.5x net debt to EBITDA on an adjusted basis for the Moody's target. And John, I think you might have even alluded to this a little bit on the call, it's just the growth in EBITDA as we move into 2013 should -- as you have Temple-Inland for the full year, should move that number down slightly? How are you thinking about debt paydown versus actual just reduction in the leverage ratios going forward and maybe more cash for other capital allocation priorities?
John V. Faraci: Carol, why don't you talk about how we financed Temple, and then I'll come back and kind of share some thoughts on capital allocation going forward.
Carol L. Roberts: Sure. When we financed Temple, we did a bond offering in the fourth quarter of '11 and we did short-term debt this year, which we are paying back pretty aggressively. Our plan for next year is to continue to actually pay down debt. We've got targeted another $1 billion of debt repayment in '13, and we'll take the opportunity to pay down what debt is the most effective for us because we don't have a lot of maturities coming right at us. And with the cash flow generation that we have for next year, which will be strong, that will be a good plan, and we'll have opportunities to look at other options for cash.
John V. Faraci: We will pay down most of the bank debt by the end of next year.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, we'll actually pay down most of the bank debt by, yes, by the beginning of next year. And we also have the proceeds then of the building products coming in, along with strong cash flow from the business. So we should be in good shape.
John V. Faraci: So we remain committed to an EBITDA-to-debt target of 3 or less and we're making progress moving in that direction. We're going to be able to carry more balance sheet debt because of the increase EBITDA. And if you think about -- go back to Investor Day, we think our mid-cycle EBITDA target is just north of $5 billion. The -- we're not there yet, but we're moving in that direction. So I think we've -- it's playing out the way we financed it, and we like where we're at.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on that, the pension gap you have listed here, $2.7 billion. You did note that the pension expense goes higher, $250 million to $300 million. How does that pension gap change as we move into 2013, if you're current assumptions around pension expense hold?
Carol L. Roberts: Well, of course, what we'll do at the end of the year, we will calculate the pension gap based upon asset returns through the end of the year and whatever the discount rate is at the end. So I wouldn't speculate on what that will be, but will do that calculation and we'll do that at year end.
John V. Faraci: At some point in our lifetime, interest rates will turn up. That 200 basis point increase in interest rates wipes out that pension gap. So we've been incorrectly thinking that interest rate at some point will move up. Last year, this year, next year, the answer is probably they're not going to, but we don't want an overfunded plan. So we'll put cash when it's needed. That's all part of our cash allocation plan. And our free cash flow is strong enough that we can be increasing the dividend while we're paying down debt, funding the pension plan while we're paying down debt and spending the appropriate amount of CapEx to keep the business competitive.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. Hopefully, the highway bill allows you to not overfund the pension a little bit and maybe have those interest rates come back in the next year, give you some time for that to correct itself. Just lastly, on the Temple-Inland synergies, you noted $15 million of Temple-Inland synergies in Industrial Packaging in the quarter. You noted that you're at a $300 million run rate. Are there synergies outside of the actual Industrial Packaging segment? I just would have thought you would have been higher than $15 million in the quarter based off of attaining the $300 million run rate at the end of -- end of 3Q?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Scott, this is Mark. I think there are synergies and obviously accrue, some of it is in the sourcing areas. And I don't have that number for the third quarter handy. But there are some synergies relative to the Temple acquisition that's not captured just in Industrial Packaging business, but it's -- the lion's share is in the packaging.
John V. Faraci: But think of it this way, the second quarter run rate was about $240 million, another $15 million in the quarter means -- at the third quarter run rate is about $300 million. So that the kind of annualized impact of what happened in the quarter is $60 million. We're not done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one, just following up on the Temple's building materials business and for sale. And lots of earnings reports this morning, so I may have missed it in your stuff. But if you could tell us the contribution from this business in Q3 and year-to-date?
John V. Faraci: Well, it's not reported as part of our business because it's a business held for sale. And its EBITDA numbers are quite -- are pretty good, and their quarter-over-quarter, they keep on improving.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: You had kind of alluded to increasing the dividend. Obviously, you just did that. But is it fair for us to think if you can deliver on the ramp in earnings you're expecting that what we saw is going to be the first -- hopefully is going to be a series of significant dividend increases?
John V. Faraci: As I said, Mark, earlier, we're -- we told investors that we think 30% to 40% of free cash flow with the cycle is the appropriate dividend. We're going to be reviewing the dividend with the board on an annual basis. And absolutely, I think as we make progress and I think I've said it, we're quite confident in the earnings runway for next year, even in a kind of a confusing and sideways global environment that we can improve our EBITDA, our free cash flow and our return on capital. As that happens, we'll be looking to dividend in due course next year.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And obviously, getting the box price increases is an important part of that ramp in 2013 earnings-wise. If you look back historically, have there been times when you've been able to get better than full pass-through of a containerboard price increase? And I realize you're still in process, so I'm sure you can't answer this question yet. But what tend to be the characteristics in place that have enabled that to happen? And what -- how would that compare to the types of situation we see today?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think I don't have every past price increase on the top of my mind, but they probably have been some examples where the box price increase, depending on the segment it goes into and how the value chain is constructed, box versus sheets, that there have been higher pass-throughs. But I would say, if you think about this particular price environment as a normal price environment from a board through box standpoint, not anything out of the ordinary.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, great. And then real quick, Carol, you had mentioned that true-up is going away. Did that also -- did that include the LIFO inventory adjustments going away in the fourth quarter?
Carol L. Roberts: No, Mark. The LIFO will be into the fourth quarter. What we had is we did have a catch-up of some purchase accounting, and I think that was around a couple of cents, so about $10 million that was catch-up for previous quarters. That does go away. But the LIFO will be -- we split that over the 2 remaining quarters of the year. So we'll see that again in the fourth quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, so I don't want to get too much in the weeds, but so in the first quarter, it goes away?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, will just start over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Forgive me if someone's asked this. But Pulp and Paper Week, as you know, is changing the way that they're going to report the board prices with their acquisition of Official Board Markets. And I just wanted to just check and see how that might affect your contracts given -- at least the ones that are indexed, given that they might go to a different way of looking at where prices are, and if your contracts anticipate something like this.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Chip, RISI did -- has been working on this for a while. I guess, since they've bought OBM and they're doing a process to get input from all the stakeholders. And we all participate and listen to that process. But we've done some changes over time or have been involved in changes with indexes. And I'm sure we'll figure something out that works for our customers and for us. It's hard to speculate on exactly what they're going to do because they haven't done it yet. But I think we believe we'll be fine with whatever we do to merge those, and it'll work for us and it'll work for our customers.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then I guess as -- maybe as a related question, do you all have a thought about, just a high-level thought, obviously, about how closely you believe your prices should be tied to what RISI says or puts out there? Or do you -- And I guess that would take time to even implement if you even felt that was something you wanted to move away from?
Mark Stephan Sutton: We're comfortable with the structure that we have right now. A lot of our customers like to have index, and it's more for change than -- indexes at an absolute level in almost any industry are hard to tie down. But adding something that starts a discussion around change, I think works for a lot of our customers. And so we have a lot of contracts that have that. We have a lot of business that doesn't have it, and we are able to do fine with either kind of structure.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, just a couple of clean-up things in the Containerboard business. One, if you look at the industry numbers for the third quarter in terms of operating rates and production, it looks like there was about 335,000 tons of total industry downtime in the third quarter. Again, just working off of the AF&PA data, and you guys you've taken out 319,000. So it would look like you've taken 95% of all the downtime in the industry in the third quarter, which seems kind of surprising to me. Am I missing something?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well we took 319,000 tons of downtime, that part you got right. And we have a production plan that made what we needed to make to fill our orders. We do have a segment mix that's not the same as every other company, obviously. And seasonally, since our ag business is so big in the second quarter, we were down probably more than the industry itself in the third quarter, and we're just kind of learning the new seasonality and optimizing the segments we have. But as I said earlier, the plan that we operated under in the third quarter, when you look at the total mix of market and maintenance was, I think, incrementally 70,000 tons or so or 75,000 more than what we've been tracking the last few quarters in basically kind of flat market.
John V. Faraci: And Mark, I'd also suggest to take up 2 things. First of all, it's now a 13 million ton system, so what's a big downtime number is a smaller piece of the total capacity. And we've also got 900,000 tons that we're contractually obligated to buy back. Actually that ramps down over time.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And just -- I guess, John, what I'm trying to figure out is it would only mean like 15,000 tons of total downtime in the third quarter for the rest of the industry, which is about 65% or 70% of capacity. I know at least one of your competitors has kind of an ongoing issue in the middle town in Louisiana. I don't know what everybody else is doing. So it's just I'm trying to figure out if there's something that's not right in the industry data because it just seems so unlikely to me that you would be 95% of the industry downtime in the quarter?
John V. Faraci: All we can tell you is what we did. But I think -- importantly, look at our margins. Despite that downtime, our margins were better or slightly better than the competition.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I know. Listen, I got no problem with margin. I mean, I'm just trying to understand what you're telling us and then what the industry data is reporting. I'm trying to figure out if there's something screwy in the industry data? Do you have more -- is there more capacity out there than the industry is showing right now?
John V. Faraci: When you get the answer, let us know.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well another question from Mark. And I just -- on that -- on this box price increase, just so we're all clear, you said you'd have it substantially in place at the end of the fourth quarter. We know that there's a number of customers out there that kind of reprice on the start of the quarter, start of the year. Is that a significant portion of your mix so that we would kind of think about your prices moving up through the fourth quarter and then at end of the meaningful stair step, does this repricing occurs for Jan 1?
Mark Stephan Sutton: We've got a number of different realization schedules as you can imagine. And I think as you just mentioned, depending on the segment, the customer, the individual agreement, I would say, based on normal realization schedule, we're working through and very satisfied with what we're -- the progress we're making with our customers. And we should be at a run rate as we leave the year with announced price increase largely in place. That's about all I can say in terms of detail.
John V. Faraci: Yes. Looking at our business, Mark, we see the full impact of -- for International Paper in 2013.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, okay. I'm just making -- I'm just trying to think about sort of how much we might be pricing in for the fourth quarter as we kind of think about the trajectory through the quarter and try to figure out if there's this stair-step at the end. The one other question I have is just on Orsa, is there an opportunity, Tim, to perhaps move some equipment from other IP locations around the world down to Brazil to put into the JV?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. There might be, but that's not the primary focus. I mean, we've got good assets in this business and it's just a matter of optimizing what we have at the moment.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And could you just -- I think both Klabin and Rogesa -- Rogesa just added capacity. Klabin is, I think, actually talking about a new mill down there. Can you just talk about a little bit about what you see on the supply side down in Brazil over the next few years?
Timothy S. Nicholls: I don't know anymore than what's been publicly stated by the other players down there. So it's -- what I read is that people are bringing on new capacity and shutting down old capacity.
Operator: This concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Glenn Landau.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Phillis. And thanks to everybody for joining our third quarter conference call. As always, we will be available post the call at the numbers listed on the first page of the Appendix. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers
Analysts: Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Landau, you may begin your conference.
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Christy, and good morning. And thank you for joining International Paper's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On Page 2, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2012 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. Lastly, given our expanded disclosure around our Ilim JV, Slide 4 provides some context around the joint venture's financial information and statistical measures. So with that, I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. And thanks for calling in. Okay, let me just start off by saying the second quarter was a solid result for International Paper. Temple is -- the integration is going very, very well. The acquisition was meaningfully accretive in the second quarter. That's only 3.5 months -- 4.5 months into the acquisition. The world is going sideways in terms of the environment we're operating in. I think kind of everybody understands that. But the good thing is, International Paper isn't done. We've got a lot of headroom, a lot of levers we're pulling. We're running our business and executing well, but we're laying the platform and the groundwork, and we'll talk about the during the call, for things that are going to meaningfully improve International Paper as we move out of 2012 and into 2013. Just looking at our results for the quarter, we increased our EBITDA in the second quarter to close to $880 million, continued to generate strong free cash flow from operations. The biggest single lever during the quarter was the impact of the Temple integration. And as Carol will outline shortly, we're well ahead of plan and exceeding our targets on most all metrics. In the 5 months since closing, we can say the acquisition is meaningfully accretive. We've got all of our peak outages behind us. Second quarter was a peak quarter. We executed just about flawlessly during the quarter on those outages and operated our assets well, saw some modest price recovery that was in line with our expectations. Didn't see much change in the demand environment you all [ph] netted out. The Franklin fluff pulp mill came up as we expected it would late in the second quarter, and we continued to make a lot of progress on a number of strategically important projects which will meaningfully impact earnings as we move out of 2012 and in 2013. And we'll cover those later as well. So given a largely balanced input cost environment, no real changes there, other than seasonal outages, the only other headwind we had during the quarter was a very large unfavorable noncash foreign exchange swing associated with the Ilim joint venture, and that's really what happens when the ruble weakens. It impacts our joint venture earnings, but as Carol will show you on an operating basis, Ilim results were about the same as they were in the first quarter, and we're off the lag now. So with that, let me just turn to Slide 6, which is the financial snapshot. Revenues were up 6% in the quarter, mainly due to the Temple acquisition. We saw a slight bit of EBITDA compression year-over-year. More than half of that was explained by the higher outages, second quarter this year versus second quarter last year, the onetime startup costs that we incurred in Franklin during the quarter, which were meaningful, and lower pulp prices, which were largely offset by the Temple accretion. But as I said earlier, cash from operations before special items continued to grow, both on a quarter-over-quarter basis and a year-over-year basis, and that's what's really important. So Carol, let me turn it over to you to talk about the businesses.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Let me move you to Slide 7. And taking a look at the second quarter financial bridge from the first quarter, we earned $0.46 per share from continuing operations before special items. While volume in our consolidated businesses was flat, we did see modest price improvement of about $0.05 per share across our global Paper and Packaging business. This was largely driven by the partial pass-through of our announced North American Printing Papers increases, as well as successful paper increases that we implemented in Brazil and Russia. And on a positive, we also saw the pass-through of our announced export containerboard price increase, which was very much in line with our expectations. If you take a look at the operations and cost line, we did have higher startup costs at Franklin, and I'll come back to that on a later slide, but they were more than offset by what I would characterize as very good global mill operations and some lower corporate expenses. A key point that John mentioned and is going to be a theme of today is relative to Temple-Inland, full quarter earnings were really meaningfully accretive as we added $50 million in synergy or $0.08 per share in the quarter. Two headwinds that we had that stand out pretty clearly were the incremental outage-related expenses, and this was our peak quarter for that, as well as our share of the Ilim JV earnings, which were unfavorably impacted by currency exchange. And I have a very good chart on Ilim that will really clearly lay that out. If I take a look at the global input costs on Slide 8, costs were largely balanced quarter-over-quarter, and we saw, clearly, the benefit of lower natural gas prices, which were offset by higher recovered fiber costs. As the quarter came to the close, everybody sees these 2 things switching. So what we've got now is we've got some upward pressure on natural gas, fiber is coming down. And as we look forward, we see those 2 basically canceling each other out into the third quarter. Let me move now to Slide 9 and talk about Industrial Packaging. Industrial Packaging posted a very strong second quarter in 2012, generating $367 million in earnings, and that compares extremely favorably to the $278 million that we posted in the first quarter of '12 and also the $269 million that we posted in the second quarter of '11. The quarter's earnings were favorably impacted by a full quarter of Temple-Inland earnings and synergies, solid operational and seasonally improved demand. We saw our box demand up about 1% versus the first quarter. The other thing that we saw in the second quarter, which we will see for us ongoing in the second quarter, is a seasonally strong mix for us, given that we are a fairly significant player in the fruit -- fresh fruit and vegetable market. In addition to the U.S. seasonal demand, global containerboard demand for us remained strong throughout the quarter, and our open market export shipments were up nearly 15% versus the first quarter. The business met this total demand by running our system at about 94% capacity, and we also managed our inventory down through the quarter by about 40,000 tons. And finally, domestic containerboard prices have been stable. As I mentioned earlier, the business did realize the pass-through of our previously announced export containerboard price increases in the quarter. As always, a great metric to look at in the industry is our EBITDA margins. And so to put our Industrial Packaging results into perspective, Slide 10 shows that our North American EBITDA margins improved versus the best of the competitive set again this quarter. And this, I think, is the ultimate measure that demonstrates the progress that we are continuing to make running our operations, both operationally and commercially, as well as, no doubt, the tangible impact of bringing Temple-Inland synergies to the bottom line. And I just want to kind of make the point, you have to -- if the history was here, we would know that the Temple-Inland margins that we inherited were well below International Paper margin. So I think this is the clear evidence that the synergies have made their way to the bottom line. Slide 11. As we shared in the first quarter, depicts Temple-Inland's post-close EBIT, and this is, of course, after step-up depreciation before special items and onetime costs. What's really exciting about this chart is with the $50 million of incremental synergies achieved quarter-over-quarter, we clearly are accretive in the transaction, and this is only 4.5 months into the integration. On another note, going forward, while we'll certainly continue to keep everybody posted on synergy progress, we'll no longer be breaking out the EBIT of the former Temple-Inland facility. And this is quite honestly due to the fact that we have integrated so quickly that the systems have become blended. We're moving board around, we're moving customers around, we're moving grades around. And as we view it, we have 1 business today. On Slide 12, you can see that while significant progress has been made on all 4 key synergy buckets, really, over 80% of the total synergies today are reductions in overhead and box business improvements, primarily associated with efficiencies, cost and system streamlining. So just to reinforce where we are, our annualized synergy run rate is now $240 million as measured against our upwardly revised target that we told you about of $400 million. And we said that, that $400 million would be achieved by the end of 2013. We're very positive we were more than halfway there in the very early months of the integration, but we've got more room to go. And I would call this a truly impressive start for the newly combined team led by Mark Sutton. Let me move off of Industrial Packaging and move to our Consumer Packaging segment, where operating profits were $63 million in the second quarter, and that compares to $96 million in the first quarter of '12. You can see the big item is the peak maintenance outage expenses, which really were a large factor in the quarter, somewhat compounded by, as I would categorize, continued soft consumer demand, and this combination resulted in a bit higher cost. On a very positive part of our Consumer Packaging business is the Foodservice business, which had a strong quarter, driven by seasonality. And what's probably the best differentiator is the continued growth in the new product line, primarily our trademark Hold&Go insulated paper cup that is used for hot beverages. Even in spite of some of those headwinds, relative to our competition, the North American business continued to outperform the best of the competitive set in the quarter. Moving on to Slide 15. Let me talk now about the Printed Paper segment, where operating earnings were $106 million in the second quarter of '12 compared to $145 million in the prior quarter. Printing Papers, like Consumer Packaging, was also disproportionately impacted by heavy maintenance outages in the quarter. And it's worth noting that in this chart, there was actually higher startup costs at Franklin, actually, sequentially, $10 million more from first to second quarter. And as you can see, these costs were offset by what I would categorize as a very solid operational quarter in the rest of the business. I think it will be worthwhile to take a look, stepping back at the Printed Paper segment, and taking a look at what's impacting it from a year-over-year basis. And so this chart is first half '11 versus first half of '12. And as you can see, the biggest driver of the year-over-year change is the weaker pricing environment for pulp, so pulp is $105 million negative swing year-over-year, of which about $60 [ph] million of that is pricing and the balance of it is the cost for the startup, the ramp-up of Franklin. So I would talk about the Printing Papers like this. Outside of the pulp and the outages, I would categorize North American papers as performing in line with last year and -- as well as Europe and Brazil. So really, a very solid performance underneath the pulp statistics and the outages. Moving to Slide 17. As John stated earlier, we're very pleased to announce that on June 29, the fluff pulp began at Franklin. And what's very positive there is that we once again are a meaningful employer in the region. And we've had a very positive ramp-up, which I'd like to talk about on Slide 18. And this depicts our expectations. Given some very early indications of the productivity that we're seeing, the excellent initial product quality, the team is targeting an accelerated fluff pulp ramp-up in the second half of '12. And this is one of the good earnings runways that we have in the business. Moving on to distribution, xpedx, we did see year-over-year margin improvement, driven by a more profitable segment and customer mix, as well as cost savings. And those cost savings are associated with both our procurement efforts, as well as the asset utilization transformation initiatives which have been underway. And the good news is, these have more than offset the challenging demand environment for commercial printing. With that said, it's clear the job's not done, and our team in xpedx expects to achieve further cost and margin improvement over the next 18 months, in line with the plan outlined at Investor Day. In keeping with our commitment to provide a very transparent view on Ilim, here are the Ilim JV financials as we approach the completion of the capital buildout. This shows the JV's consolidated results on an IFRS basis. We have the operating results, the operational EBITDA before FX, as well as the FX impact that takes it all the way down to IP's after-tax earnings. And clearly, the results here are mixed. We have very solid shipments year-over-year, more than offset by lower softwood pulp prices in China. And although pulp prices did recover briefly in the second quarter, they receded again during the quarter. I think pulp prices seem to be finding their bottom now, but it'll take some months for steady growth in China to pull down the demand until pricing starts to recover. So Slide 20. Let me summarize before I turn it back to John. I would say that we clearly had a solid second quarter in large part due to our excellent progress integrating Temple-Inland and despite being a peak maintenance outage quarter. John is going to talk about it, but as our strategic projects come online and add to our earnings engine, we continue to feel positive about our ability to expand our margins globally and to grow our business in the platforms that we've invested in. One other note that's not on the chart that I think that's worth mentioning, we did have a positive impact from the highway bill as we talked about in Investor Day. And we had pointed out about a $500 million required contribution to the pension plan for '13. With the highway bill, this looks like it will be less than $100 million, allowing us to take those funds and work on reducing balance sheet debt versus putting it into the pension plan. So now, what I'd like to do is turn it back over to John to talk a little bit about the strategic earning drivers, as well as our outlook for the third quarter.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. Let me just go through some of these strategic projects because I think they are, as I said, are setting the stage for more levers for International Paper to pull to improve our business as we move out of 2012 into '13. And I'll talk to what we expect to be happening during the third quarter. First, Franklin, we're up and running, as Carol said. In xpedx, which is not a big capital project, it's more of a strategic repositioning, we're making -- starting to ramp up on both the procurement side and the realignment of warehouse side. The sales side is a struggle because of what's happening in commercial print, but Mary Laschinger will be on the call at the end when we do the third quarter to give you an update on that. But we're starting to see -- get some traction there. We've got a big boiler project going on down in Mogi Guaçu, which moves us close to energy self-sufficiency at that facility in Brazil. And as we move into the third quarter, we're on schedule and are ahead of schedule and on budget. We may be able to bring that up before the end of the year. At the Sun JV, where we've -- building our fourth coated board machine, the project is well underway. There's a picture on the next page that shows what's happening there. As you can see, we just about got the machine built. We'll be starting that up on schedule during the third quarter. At Ilim, where we got 2 big capital projects going on, one a new paper machine at Koryazhma, in the third quarter, we'll be running the converting equipment. The fourth quarter, we expect to be starting up the paper machine. At Bratsk, where we're building a new fiber line and basically upgrading that mill in a lot of areas, the woodyard is complete, and we'll be starting up the recovery boiler in the third quarter and getting ready to bring on the pulp dryer in the fiber line toward the end of the year. And in India, we've got the first major outage they've ever had at the facility under IP ownership behind us, 34 days long, and we're already seeing a 10% improvement in pulp production per day. And the good news about India is we can sell all we can make, so that's a good place to be with -- in that business. So I think on the strategic project front, execution is going well, and these initiatives are started -- we can see the light at the end of the tunnel, and they're starting to get to the completion point. So let me move now to what is the third quarter outlook, changes from the second quarter. It's mostly yellow and mostly stable. The big changes there, we will have less outages during the quarter by about $130 million. We've got the divestiture impact of the 3 mills that we sold. That's roughly $30 million, Carol, in a quarter. There is some green here. We don't expect a currency impact. Again, we don't expect the Russian ruble to continue to weaken. As I said, a lot of the maintenance outage stuff is green. And Franklin should start to contribute cash now that we're running and start to ramp up the fluff pulp line. And basically, everything else is kind of more of the same going sideways. So I think I'll just stop right there and not go through all these -- all the yellow boxes. But again, just to summarize, International Paper is going to continue to outperform. Looking at our margins, as Carol pointed out, the key businesses in North America, I can see -- I think you could see that margins are -- number one, they're strong; and number two, we're doing better than our competitors. The synergies from Temple are coming more and faster, and they're not CapEx-driven. They're really execution-driven. We feel good about the -- and positive about the containerboard and box price increase that we announced earlier in the week. That's going to start to show up in the fourth quarter. And I think I'll end just where I started. I think it's -- IP is very well-positioned, and the message here is, we aren't done. We've got lots of levers to pull as we approach our potential, even in a global demand environment that's a lot more sluggish than we'd like it to be. As we look at the world, we don't see a repeat of 2008 and '09, but we see pretty sluggish growth. But as far as we can see, which isn't very far, but we're prepared to outperform in that kind of environment. So I think we'll stop right there and open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on Temple-Inland synergies, obviously, off to a great start here. The $400 million that you've talked about, how conservative would you say that is at this stage, just given what you've been able to do so far? I know you talked about the $200 million in optimization opportunities later on, but is there upside to the $400 million as well? Or should we be shifting to the optimization from here?
John V. Faraci: Well, I'll let Mark Sutton talk about how he feels about that because he's sitting right across from me and is running the business. But I'd say we revised our target up. We had Investor Day in May, and we feel pretty good about -- we feel very good about where we're at. And we'll take a look as we go through the quarters, where we're at. And if we have more good news to tell you about, we will.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes. Phil, if you remember what we said at Investor Day when we broke out the $400 million in synergies, some of those synergies were -- we had line of sight to and we thought we could do it in 24 months, and we happened to be doing it a little bit quicker than we thought. But there were some other things we talked about that have either mill outages tied to them on the manufacturing side or it could be in the commercial area where you just take -- it takes more time. And so we talked about that being in the post-synergy but merger benefit and optimization time period. I think that's where we still feel it'll be. Carol mentioned, 80% of the synergies are in -- so far, in our overhead reduction and fixed cost and operating improvements in the box business. And so, of course, that overhead reduction is not going to continue limitlessly. We've done a lot of that a lot quicker than we thought because we were able to execute, for example, pulling the supply chain teams together, but faster than we thought we could.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then just again on containerboard, maybe you could talk about the trends you're seeing here in July, both from a demand and from a supply standpoint for your own system. Would your expectation be in July that inventories will be up or down? Just kind of how are you progressing here? And also, are you seeing any demand pull forward as a result of the announced price increases?
Mark Stephan Sutton: So with respect to what we've seen so far in July, it's about what we expected for our business. Carol mentioned earlier that we have a pretty big position in fresh food and produce, and, of course, that strong season is in the second quarter. So we see some seasonal changes in our mix and demand. We expected that, and we're seeing that. As far as how we're looking at inventories, most of our outages are behind us, so we don't see any reason to build inventories. And we're going to continue to make the board we need for the orders we have in the box system. And what we see is about what we expected as we start the third quarter.
John V. Faraci: Do you want to comment about export demand?
Mark Stephan Sutton: That's a good point, John. Export demand, I would say, has been a bright spot. We had a very strong second quarter. We see export demand for kraft liner, I'm speaking about, actually, continuing to improve pretty much in all the regions we serve: Latin America, Europe and the Mediterranean region and Asia. And pricing is also improving in those regions. So we feel good about the export demand.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And this is my last question for John. Things have slowed a bit since -- even since the Analyst Day just globally. I'm just kind of wondering if this makes you think at all -- think any differently at all about growth CapEx moving forward, particularly in emerging markets where some of that slowing is occurring.
John V. Faraci: Well, most of our growth CapEx, Phil, is, just what I talked about, is currently underway. I mean, we're at the -- probably 80% done at the Sun JV, 70% done at Bratsk and somewhere -- probably 70% to 80% done at Kotlas. We need paper in Russia. The Russia paper market is growing at 5%. So we're sold out both at IP and at Ilim. So we need that capacity. The Sun joint venture is -- we're going to bring on a lot of capacity. We've done that before. We'll sell that over time, ramp up maybe a little slower than last time, but we're not worried about that. And the project in Brazil is really a cost reduction project. It's not aimed at more capacity. So we don't have a big agenda of a repeat of these growth projects right behind what's currently underway. So don't be thinking about that we're going to continue to be piling on these projects. We've got a number that are underway now that are either ramping up or going to ramp up. And in the fluff pulp area, we're basically sold out -- as we can get the fluff pulp qualified with customers, we're sold out because most of that product is going into the export markets where fluff pulp is growing at a faster rate than it is in North America.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just to be clear, I was talking kind of more of the 2013 to 2015 that you talked about in the Analyst Day, but I'll turn it over.
John V. Faraci: Yes, we still see. Remember, there's not a lot of growth CapEx going in there, but there's more CapEx in that 2013 to '15 period because of Boiler MACT.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: To follow up on the pension comments, are you just not looking at the change from the highway bill as a reduction in debt at all and you're still sticking to the $3 billion, 24-month target, but it's just going to be weighted more towards fixed, actual debt versus pension?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail. Yes. Clearly, the highway bill, it only changes the funding requirements. It doesn't change the accounting. So we recognized that. But rather than putting the money into the pension plan, we'll just push it towards the balance sheet debt. And that's a little bit of a shift of what we had talked about. But we still have our target of getting to 3x, so debt repayment is our goal, and -- but we'll move it towards the balance sheet debt versus the pension.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about, I guess, the price trajectory during the second quarter? There were a lot of movements. I guess a couple of specific questions. You referenced some improvement on coated freesheet. Can you talk a little more specifically about what you saw? And in terms of the export containerboard price increase, initially, you were expecting that to be a little bit weighted towards the end of the second quarter, and I'm just wondering what that would imply for third quarter pricing.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, I'll give you a generic answer because I know in the Appendix, we provide the information by the segments. And so I'm not going to paw through the pages. But I think in the paper segment, I think we saw a $17 improvement in paper prices. We saw a pulp improvement. We don't specifically call out containerboard in the Appendix. We do actually do boxes there. But, Mark, I don't know if you want to comment about containerboard.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. Gail, on containerboard on the export market, we saw an exit rate from the second quarter that was about $40 a ton higher than what we exited the first quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one last one. Can you give any update on the status of the marketing of the building products business?
John V. Faraci: We're going to be going out in the market with offering the building products business very shortly. And at this point, it's too soon to say what's going -- what the response is going to be, but we've had a lot of interest. So that'll be in the market in the third quarter and very shortly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Question on the Wood Products business. And I just want a quick one, is when you look at the discontinued operations' results, it looks like it did quite well. Can you just give us an idea of kind of how it did in the second quarter?
John V. Faraci: It did a lot better than we thought it was going to do, and we put it in discontinued operations.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Chip, this is Carol. John Balboni, who is heading up the overall integration for Temple-Inland from the corporate side and system side and also looking after building products, it was a positive quarter, and he would categorize it as all 3 segments were a bit better, demand was better, pricing was better and we ran well. And there's a very good team over there that's been running that business well. It's a Temple-Inland team. They're onboard. They're aligned, engaged. So it's been a positive outcome for us. [indiscernible]...
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And can we infer that EBIT was around $25 million?
John V. Faraci: Yes, the EBITDA is -- I think the run rate in the second quarter is about $80 million, in that range. And if we can be doing that in a 700,000s housing start environment, that business is very well positioned for an improving housing environment over the next several years.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then looking back at the -- your target adjusted debt ratio, maybe I missed this in the past, but you've added this $1.2 billion operating lease adjustment. Is that something you've had for a long time? And I guess more importantly, you're down to 3.7x, and we would expect with the sale of the Wood Products business, that would push that down lower. But we wouldn't expect you to be below 3 until, I guess, well into next year would be my guess, depending on how fast EBITDA comes up. Are you going to wait until you get to 3x before you would consider a dividend increase or a buyback?
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, let me answer the first part. That operating lease adjustment has always been there. The metric we use for this is we generally use the Moody's metric. So this is just the Moody's methodology, so it's always there. And yes, the goal is 3, and if you do the math, it's going to take into next year, and it's going to take a little bit of time to do that. The good news is, we're generating strong cash. We sold the mills, we've got the building products. Relative to timing, as we said at Investor Day, we don't view these things as sequential. We view them as in parallel, and we'll continue to look at our cash and capital allocation strategy and keep everything in front of us at all times. I don't know, John, if you want to add anything else.
John V. Faraci: You said it very well.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: So in other words, you don't have to get to that level, but if you're moving close to it, it might give you -- you'll feel the flexibility to do what I mentioned, either a dividend increase or a buyback?
Carol L. Roberts: It's all around your trajectory and the outlook and where you're going. And given the positive trends we see in some of the businesses, as well as the levers we have, we feel good about our cash flow generation potential going forward.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And then quickly on the Boiler MACT, I know you, and I believe you're the only major company in the industry that actually included it in your projections of CapEx in future years, but we're still, I guess, a ways from when you actually have to commit to those funds. Or should I read something differently? Is it something you're going to do no matter what? Or do you think as regulations could evolve into next year, there could be some change in that guidance?
John V. Faraci: We pretty much have our arms around what it's going to be. EPA hasn't come out with the final regulations. They probably won't until after the election. But at this point in time, I think based on the conversations we've had with EPA and the association has had, we can put a pretty close set of parameters around the capital we're going to spend. And the time frame is really going to be 3 to 4 years, depending upon the states, for when the regulations get issued. So it may get pushed out a couple of months, but we know what we're going to need to do. And when those regulations come out, we'll start to do it.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Okay. And last quick question. In Latin -- in Brazil, where you have an option, I believe, to build another uncoated machine down there, I believe that option is stated to have to be exercised by year-end. But given you're probably the only option for the other party, is there a chance you might be able to push that out? Or are there any further thoughts you can give us about the possibility of that next machine?
John V. Faraci: Well, I would just say this, Chip, it's premature to kind of speculate on what we're going to do there, but we've got a very good relationship with Fibria. They're running the pulp mill. We've got the paper mill right next door. And so we're having an ongoing dialogue with them about their future plans and our future plans. And I think we're looking -- whatever we do will be in the best interest of both parties.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Carol, just a couple of questions for you to start off. Can you just help us think about the delta at Franklin going from the second quarter to the third quarter? And then can you also just clarify what you mean with that sort of greenlight signal on Ilim and FX going from the second quarter to the third quarter?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. And I know Glenn can follow up with some more of the specifics, but think about Franklin as a cost in the second quarter with no revenue, and then think about Franklin now running and producing revenue. So it's this nice, positive swing, and I think I'm getting the signal that it's okay to talk about it in the $0.03 range from second to third.
John V. Faraci: Yes, there's a cumulative impact there, Mark. If you look at their ramp curve, we're not going to be making much fluff pulp in the third quarter, so we've got to qualify it with customers. So you'll start to see Franklin really swing as we move into the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year.
Carol L. Roberts: Relative to Ilim, Ilim is just assuming that the ruble stays where it is. We just don't have to pay for the marking, the debt to market again. So that just goes away. We don't have the hit.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. Got that. Another question, John, for either you or for Mark Sutton. I'm just kind of curious with this containerboard hike out in the market. Why is it that you wouldn't just announce the box hike at the same time? At the end of the day, you sell more boxes than containerboard and at the -- or you sell mostly boxes. If the containerboard hike is going in place, aren't the boxes going up anyway?
John V. Faraci: Well, we announced, I think, the containerboard price increase late last week and the box price increase earlier this week. So it wasn't -- I'll let Mark comment on that, but I wouldn't say there was much time between the 2 of them. We wanted to make sure we had a good plan to let customers know what was going on.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I think that's right, John. And Mark, the real concern is properly communicating to our customers in an appropriate way, whether it's on the board side or on the box side. And as John said, we're only talking a few days' difference here.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I wasn't aware you had the box hike out there in the market. And then finally, John, can we just talk a little bit about sort of acquisitions? We've talked about the potential for further -- the likelihood of further debt reduction, as well as buybacks and dividends, but I know that you have been continuing to look at growth opportunities offshore. I'm just curious, with these emerging markets slowing down now, whether that prospectively creates a little better environment for you in looking at where you want to grow long term?
John V. Faraci: Well, first of all, Mark, we don't [indiscernible] on acquisitions or investments or portfolio realignments. And we're in the business for the long term, committed to a balanced use of cash, which we talked about at Investor Day. So I don't think -- I don't want investors to think that we're on an acquisition -- on the acquisition hunt. We're not. We've still got very clear metrics about what we -- the criteria for making acquisitions. We have made some, and we've stuck to that criteria. And then if we don't find anything that meets our criteria, we won't do anything. But we're committed to a balanced use of cash, which means cash back to shareowners, debt repayment, a strong balance sheet. And selectively and carefully, where we think there's an opportunity and a good value to do something that improves International Paper, improves our businesses, we'll do it. We'll look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And first of all, congratulations, really is a lot of visibility on bringing those Temple-Inland synergies to the bottom line, and that's very impressive. Couple of clarification questions. One, on the box price, can you give us what the specifics are? Start there.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. We informed our customers of a 8% increase on boxes and a 10% increase on sheets, effective September 1.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And second, and I apologize, I know you were saying something about $80 million on the building products, is that what the -- was that the EBIT or the EBITDA run rate? And what is the EBITDA run rate of building products in the second quarter?
John V. Faraci: That's EBITDA run rate, Mark.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. That was EBITDA. And then lastly, you had mentioned that you are $40 higher on the containerboard export exiting 2Q versus 1Q. Can you tell us what the difference was exiting the quarter versus the average for the second quarter?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think for the quarter, the second quarter, the average price second quarter to first quarter was up about $15.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. So you're -- I'm sorry. So how much higher exiting the second quarter were you than the average for the second quarter? Do you know?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Let me let Glenn follow up with that. What I have on the top of my head is the exit-to-exit price. What I don't remember is what the average was in the first quarter. But we can get you that.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And actually, if I could just...
Carol L. Roberts: Mark, this is Carol. There's no doubt that the export price recovery is a very positive. The only headwind we have there is, when you're looking at price, we have to also consider the exchange rate and how that exchange rate might move through the quarter. And, of course, that does influence the pricing on a dollar basis a little bit.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Understood. And then actually, lastly, John, you had mentioned in your remarks that you thought that OCC and gas would neutralize each other, yet on the slide, it was green when you have the lower fiber versus higher energy. Is that because of wood being down? Or can you just clarify that?
John V. Faraci: I think what I was referring to was expectations for the third quarter. The slide was showing the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to go back to Temple-Inland a little bit in terms of the progress you've seen, and congratulations with the efforts thus far. When you think about what's gone better than expected, you mentioned getting the supply chain teams together more quickly, which, in turn, enabled maybe a bit more quicker reduction in overhead. Are there any other things that have gone a bit better than expected relative to what you were talking to and seeing at the Analyst Day?
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, I think the number one thing I would highlight, and I mentioned it at Analyst Day, but we just know so much more about it now, is the talent level that we have with the new Temple team members and their ability to get aligned with what is a different business model than they were used to. And that has led us to, for example, operational improvements at a much faster rate than we thought. I can think of waste improvement in our box system, for example, freight optimization, and then the streamlining of the operations, whether it was plant rationalizations and moving the business, because, of course, when we rationalize a plant, the goal is to keep 95% of the revenue and the customers. And that's a tough -- a tall order to do and do it quickly, and then also changing the scheduling concept of some of the larger plants so that we optimize what customers those plants serve. That takes a lot of people alignment, and I think that people alignment has gone better and faster than we probably anticipated.
John V. Faraci: George, I was at a Temple, a state where there were Temple and IP box plants, and now they're all IP box plants, the first week. And the plant managers were already talking 3 days into it about how they were going to move business around after they inform the customers, to take the logistics costs out. And remember, this is something I don't think people appreciate. Our logistics costs are higher than our labor costs in the box business. So we have huge opportunities on logistics that weren't available to us because we have a new system, and we've gotten after those very, very quickly. And the waste reduction that Mark Sutton referred to has just been really remarkable. The -- just getting those metrics out in front of people, and they've jumped on that really quickly.
Carol L. Roberts: And, Mark, one more -- or George, one more thing. Mark is being a little modest, too. I mean, the leadership that's been provided has been great, but the depths of the bench at International Paper, we didn't get a lot of the senior talent from Temple-Inland, but the people down in the facilities are very aligned. But we were able to come in with the team that we had and are running it and absorbed it very quickly.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: On the waste issue, was it a function that people just didn't have the data in front of them, or it was not necessarily the focus of the prior organization? I know it's maybe not the fairest thing to talk about on a conference call, but I nonetheless want to pose question.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, it's a fair question because -- I think it was in 2 areas. One, it wasn't a tremendously high focus, but also, the way that the business was run before had higher structural waste. So part of it is improving the way the business is run. And the principle there is what we talked about in our strategy, and that is, we believe a box business can be profitable and that each plant should have a P&L focus. And then you have to put, as John said, the metrics in front of people to see all the sources of waste in the box plant, and they are many, and then put systems in place, which we already have and are easy to roll out, and educate people. And then it make sense when you look at the data, and people get on board pretty quickly. So that's really the 2 issues: focus and structurally running the business a bit differently.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I appreciate the comments. I have one last one on Temple and then one for Tom Kadien, if he's there. It sounds like you're pleased with your share retention. So it sounds like you're over your 95% goal. I wanted confirmation on that. And do you think perhaps you are, because of the capability, as you were in the first quarter, perhaps gaining share from some of the other folks within the market? And then on the Foodservice side, you're not the only company that's been talking about, across all the packaging, better Foodservice trends. Do you think it's purely related to the new product offering? Or are you seeing some sort of secular trend either towards away from home, replacement of at-home food preparation? Or is it just the fact that we had a hot first 6 months and people are drinking more soft drinks and that sort of thing?
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, I'll take the first one. And Tom Kadien is here, and I'll hand the Foodservice question off to him. On share, we're pretty much tracking very close to the market, so I wouldn't say we're gaining share. We're working very hard to keep the customers that we have. And obviously, the box business, there's customers moving and business moving on a continuous basis. So my comments about keeping 95% were specifically about rationalizing plants and consolidating business and changing schedules of plants. But we're largely tracking the market. And at a macro level, not quarter-to-quarter, but over a longer period of time, that's sort of our strategy, to grow with the market. And the question is, what customers and segments do we pick that might give us an advantage in a market? And that's the approach we take. And with that, I guess I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, George, our Foodservice growth is really a result of the innovation and the new products that we're bringing to market and being aligned with the right customers. I think our volume was up 4% in the quarter. That's significantly better than, I'll say, the overall market is doing. And I think our customers are fighting food inflation and -- as it kind of rolls through their menu. And they're putting a lot of emphasis on beverages as a place to make money and to innovate, and that fits very well with our strategy around the new products.
Operator: Your next question comes from Al Kabili of Crédit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked, but I guess maybe one for Tim on the uncoated free sheet. Volumes, North America, you continue to outperform the industry. And I was just wondering, how sustainable do you think that is? And what's driving that?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Al, well, I think what we're doing is sustainable. And the way we look at it, we have a North American customer base that we service, and we also have export markets that we service. So our feeling is that through the first quarter and second quarter, we see the market as being stable and our mix in the market being stable over the next couple of quarters.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And was exports -- I mean, can you help us with what exports -- how much that helped the volume number there?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, they were down in the quarter because we had a heavy outage quarter, and so we didn't ship as much and export in the second quarter as we did in the first. But we're doing a couple of things. We're anticipating the capacity that was asked about in Brazil earlier in the call, and we're working between our Brazilian business and our North American business to look at markets and baseload volumes. We're also backfilling some of the product that Brazil has been shipping into Europe as Brazil pulls back and grows in region.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. And if I could just switch to the other, just a quick question on the containerboard, if we could switch to that. Can you just help us with -- give us some parameters on the negative mix impact sequentially, how we should be thinking about it, maybe some more color there, if there's any kind of quantification you could also give us in terms of dollars per ton or something headwind there?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Al. The mix comment and what shows on the outlook heat-map chart is really designed to focus on the change in our agricultural business from the second quarter to the third quarter. We're a lot bigger in that now post the Temple merger. So it's in the neighborhood of $1 a ton on boxes. So that's really what that comment is focused on.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. I appreciate that. And then final question, while we're on the topic of agricultural, do you see -- well, how do you see the risk of the Midwest drought to your volumes on the ag side? Are you getting any early indications there?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think most of the ag that I'm referring to tends to be on the coasts, the fresh produce. And if you look at what's going on in the Midwest drought, I think our biggest potential impact is really the knock-on effect of cost. Some of our customers are seeing their cost rise for feed, corn, feed for their animals. That means they may have to deal with that and could affect their demand. And then our own input materials like starch and others that are related to -- primarily corn is where we see a potential impact from the Midwest drought.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is Kurt Schoen filling in for Mark. Can you give us some more color on how the Indian business has performed recently and relative to initial expectations?
John V. Faraci: Did you say it was a question about India?
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Yes, India. [indiscernible]
John V. Faraci: He just got back.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. Kurt, I would say India is just like we thought it was going to be. The Q2 was all about, frankly, for them, a very large outage. It was our first experience doing a very large outage in India, and that really impacted April and May. But we saw a very good June come out of India and demand. While we're talking about it slowing in terms of uncoated free sheet, as John said, we can sell everything we can make, and we're looking at double digit year-over-year increases in uncoated free sheet there. So it's, as I think I said at Investor Day, it's everything we thought it would be. It's got a lot of upside potential, and it's hard. So I'd say we're right where we thought we would be in India.
John V. Faraci: Tom, do you want to comment about pulp mill running, coming out of the outage?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. We had a significant pulp mill outage, and our hardwood pulp is up over 10%, which is a real advantage for us in that marketplace. And now that we've got, frankly, at this point, a little bit excess mark -- or excuse me, excess hardwood pulp, now we can put the pressure on getting the paper machine productivity up. So we think we're going to continue to grow, and we've got a nice integrated mill over there in Rajahmundry that's got a lot of upside.
John V. Faraci: If we look at it in terms of people, assets and markets, we're pretty pleased with what we see.
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then has the weak monsoon affected demand there? Or do you expect it to?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Boy, I'm aware of the weak monsoon season. I think kind of like what Mark Sutton just said, it's probably going to impact food prices. That may have a knock-on impact, but I don't think it's going to hit our uncoated free sheet business.
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then going to the Sun JV, can you give us some more color on how that's managed the downturn thus far? And given the downturn, do you think you guys can expect to see any more opportunities to expand your footprint in China?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Well, on the Sun JV, we're a largely nonintegrated producer, so we follow pulp pricing. It's been fairly volatile. If you look at the page in the deck, you can see pulp prices have come down on the input side for Sun, and pricing has come down accordingly. So it's all about managing margins over there. We're sold out. We're still solidly profitable and looking forward to having more capacity to sell, starting up late in September and putting product out into the market probably in October. So our Sun JV is running very well. It's all about execution in the kind of market they're in right now, and they run just a great operation over there. And I think it's a volatile market right now, but as long as we're managing our margins, we're going to be fine. I'm not going to speculate on further expansions into China. Our box business over there, we're starting to get traction, and we have a lot of capacity in our box business that's not full. So we have a lot of growth in China without putting in more expansion or acquisitions.
John V. Faraci: Kurt, and one of the things that we talked about in the outlook page, that heat map, or I didn't talk about it, but it's on there, is we are going to incur the startup costs for the Sun paper machine this quarter. We won't have a repeat of the Franklin costs, but we're going to have some startup expenses out of Sun.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: To move back to Consumer Packaging, I was wondering if there was any noticeable trend, either positive or negative, on how demand moved through the 3 months of the quarter and into July. And then on your outlook slide, you reference packaging, volume and pricing to be basically stable in the third quarter. I was wondering, if you were to kind of split that out into industrial and consumer, would consumer be kind of a little bit weaker or in line or stronger than industrial? Any color you can give would be helpful.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: I'll handle the consumer side. I would say, we saw some sequential growth second quarter better than first, but it was really the -- the slope of the line was better right up until Investor Day, and then it just kind of moved sideways. So the back half of May and June was really moving sideways. We'll see some sequential improvement in the third quarter again, but I wouldn't call it a recovery. I think we're kind of moving sideways, and seasonality is going to improve. Pricing, I would say, is stable at this point in consumer packaging.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And on the containerboard side, it seems like the biggest chunk of synergies that have yet to be realized involve the mills. And I was wondering, as we look out to the work at the mills, is there significant downtime or heavy engineering work that might bring some operational risk or some work that's maybe nonroutine? Or how should we think about that over the next year, 1.5 years?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, the mill synergies, as we discussed at Investor Day, some of the work we've identified does require mill outages, and based on when we closed the deal, we missed the window for some of that. So that's why some of those synergies are later in the time period. But we're not looking at anything unique or things that we haven't done before. There's a lot of projects, some capital, some just operational changes that have to do with energy reduction and consumption reduction, better choices on how we provide fiber to the mills, whether it's virgin fiber or recycled fiber. And in some cases, it's just operational changes that we're able to make while we're running to improve quality and cost. So there's nothing out there that we've discovered in our GAAP analysis that is unique or things that we haven't done before.
John V. Faraci: I think the really important point to understand is, those mill synergies aren't CapEx-driven. There are things we will do when we have a regularly planned outage, and we spend an incredible amount of time planning outages in International Paper because we spend over $400 million a year on them. And we usually execute flawlessly. That's the standard we expect.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Chercover of D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of quickies on freesheet and containerboard. First of all, Carol, I think you said that domestic containerboard prices were stable. Can you talk a little bit about how box prices have eroded over the last year or so?
Carol L. Roberts: Well, I think our chart shows that there's about a $7 erosion through the full year. And there's the -- also is a little bit of mix in there, so it's kind of hard to look at that. So that's why we would categorize boxes as relatively stable.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got it. And you did indicate how they're going to change on September 1. How do you feel about your inventories presently and, I guess, going forward?
Carol L. Roberts: And I will let Mark answer those questions relative to the business.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, we like our inventory levels right now based on learning how to operate our new system. They're at good absolute level and under control. And as I mentioned in an earlier answer, as we look at the third quarter and where our orders are materializing, given most of our big outages are behind us, we are prepared to run the capacity that we need to serve those orders and don't see any reason to build any inventory whatsoever.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Perfect. The only red square on I think what was referred to as the color chart or the heat chart is the mill divestiture impact. What did those 3 mills contribute in Q2? Was it maybe $20 million or so in EBITDA?
Mark Stephan Sutton: John mentioned, I think, or Carol did, closer to $30 million in Q2. So we're just calling that out as an -- those earnings go away for the third quarter.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And the final question is on uncoated freesheets, I guess, for Tim. The June statistics were fairly weak, down 7.1%, although I recognize you guys are outperforming. Is that an indication of escalating demand erosion? Or were customers giving the highs [ph] into the price hikes?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, I don't want to speculate on price. But what I would say about the demand is, and I think if you go back to a number of the months, at least 2 or 3 of them in -- so far in the first half of this year, some of the months can be a little bit deceptive. There were things that were going on last year. And what we're -- we look at each month, but we're continuing to pay attention to year-to-date numbers. And those numbers look right in line with what we had expected in terms of demand decline. So I saw the June numbers. Yes, it's a big decrease, but when you look at it overall, I think it's pretty much in line. We'll have to see how it plays out over the third quarter.
Operator: And our final question is coming from Paul Quinn of RBC Capital.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the sale of the Temple building materials division. Is that -- the structure of that sale, is there going to be -- or are you thinking of it as 1 unit or a collection of assets?
John V. Faraci: Paul, it's 1 business. It's operating 1 business. We're going to put it out in the market as 1 business, and there are some bidders that may be -- some parties may be interested more in lumber or gypsum panels. And we'll just have to see how that plays out. We've got really good options to try to realize the highest value, but our preference is to sell it as 1 business. But obviously, we're going to be driven by where the value is. And the businesses are set up where they can be if we end up there, selling them as a gypsum business, a lumber business, a panel business.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And what do you expect on the timing of the sale? Is that by the end of the year?
John V. Faraci: It depends on how it gets sold, if we're going to be out. The -- we're already starting. We'll be out next week with the information to prospective buyers. And so we'll move as quickly as we can, but our objective will be to maximize the value.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Glenn Landau for any closing remarks.
Glenn Landau: Yes. So this just brings our second quarter earnings conference call to a close. We certainly appreciate everybody's participation this morning. Of course, I, along with our media contact, Tom Ryan, will be available today, and as always, for follow-up questions at the numbers listed in the Appendix. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia
Analysts: Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 International Paper Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Glenn Landau, you may begin your conference.
Glenn Landau: Good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentations. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2012 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. As we usually do, over the next 10 to 15 minutes, Carol Roberts and I will review our first quarter results with you, performances of our individual businesses, then we'll open up for your questions. And we've got several of our business leaders here today to take some of those questions. So let me start right in. To start off, International Paper earned $0.57 a share in the first quarter. It's the second best first quarter we've had since 2000, the best being last year. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and, importantly, got off to, I think, an excellent start, integrating Temple operations where we closed in mid-February. And we've accomplished a great deal in the first 6 weeks. While our results were in line with -- slightly favorable for our expectations, we experienced a normal seasonal weakness that you always have in the first quarter coming out of the holidays in our U.S. businesses. And it's -- the first quarter is also slow in Latin America. The main driver for year-over-year, as Carol will explain, were lower pulp paper packaging prices, primarily in export markets. And we supply those export markets out of North America, out of Brazil and through our Russian joint venture. With that said, all the global markets really bottomed in the quarter from a pricing perspective and, on average, we're trending up as we exited the quarter and moved in April. So the pricing actions in the export markets are beginning to take hold. We really bottomed out in the first quarter. We've also made very good progress on our strategic initiatives during the quarter. The Temple-Inland synergies began to improve from day one, allowing us to basically get through the first quarter with Temple being EPS awash. And we also continue to make a lot of progress at many initiatives we have in the pipeline, which will be completed this year and will produce results next year. The Franklin fluff pulp project, the new coated board machine and the Sun joint venture in China; the 2 big projects in the Ilim Joint Venture; the Mogi Guaçu boiler, which is going to reduce our energy cost in Brazil; and the xpedx strategic initiatives. All those will impact earnings in a positive way next year. So let me move to the next slide, Slide 5 in your deck. Revenues for the quarter were up 5% versus last year in the fourth quarter, mainly due to the Temple-Inland acquisition. EBITDA margins were in line with expectations. Free cash flow -- International Paper's free cash flow story remains strong at almost $360 million for the quarter, roughly equivalent to the first quarter of last year when you normalize for capital spending levels. So before I turn the presentation over to Carol, I would just like to once again welcome the employees of Temple-Inland, who -- many are listening in to International Paper, and reiterate how encouraged I am with the early progress that we're making, integrating the businesses, and just reinforce our vision of aggressively building and operating the best corrugated packaging business in the world. And we measure that a couple of ways: by our results versus the competition, the quality of our employees and the quality of our customers and the returns we generate for our shareowners. So good first quarter, and I'll turn it over to Carol.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Let's take a look at the first quarter financial bridge, and we'll move from first quarter of '11 to first quarter of '12. As John just shared, we earned $0.57 a share from continuing operations before special items. And the good news is volume was up slightly, but we did see price erosion of about $0.20 year-over-year, and that was associated with the pass-through of market pulp price declines, as well as paper and packaging export price declines, mostly negotiated in the fourth quarter of '11. Some came into the first quarter of '12, and we'll talk about that a little bit more at the end. We did see modest relief on input cost at $0.02 per share, which did help cover the higher pension-related corporate expenses. Relative to Temple-Inland, as John spoke to partial quarter earnings, including synergies, fully offset the incremental interest associated with the acquisition. So definitely a very good start. And finally, our share of the Ilim equity earnings, adjusted for the elimination of the one-quarter lag in reporting, was down year-over-year on lower pricing. But we did have a favorable impact due to currency exchange rates in the quarter. So moving to Slide 7. Let me just touch on input costs for a moment. Input costs in the quarter versus last year were modestly lower, $12 million total for the company with fiber and energy being the positives, offsetting higher chemicals and freight costs. Our Industrial Packaging business was the beneficiary of most of this due to lower OCC and energy costs, and that amounted to $27 million upside for them, while our Printing Papers and Consumer Packaging were all $15 million and even [ph] accordingly. And that was driven by higher chemical and freight cost, offsetting the positive. If I take you to Slide 8, as you can see, our North American mills ran strong at 95% in the quarter, and that was up from 91% in the first quarter of '11. It was a good quarter for North America. And we continue to match our production to our customers' demand while closely managing our inventories. And so our inventories are in good shape, and I'll talk a little bit about that piece of the business [indiscernible]. So let me continue. I know there's a little noise on the line but, hopefully, you guys can hear me fine. I'm on Slide 9. Let me move to Industrial Packaging. Industrial Packaging posted a strong first quarter in '12, generating $278 million in earnings. And that compares very favorably to the $274 million that we posted in the first quarter of '11. The quarter's earnings were favorably impacted by Temple-Inland, as we discussed. We did have the lower input cost. And very encouragingly, we had very solid box and export shipments. Partially offsetting this was the lower export price that we've talked about, higher maintenance outages, and we did have a bit weaker mill operations in the first quarter relative to the fourth and last year, with some one-time events that are behind us. If I take you to Slide 10, I want to talk about our EBITDA margins in the Industrial Packaging business to put our results in perspective. This slide shows that our North American EBITDA margins, and this does include Temple-Inland, remain better than the best of the competition set prior to achieving the merger benefits. So this is really a nice outcome. This is what we expected, but it just points to the real exciting opportunity we have of combining International Paper's corrugated packaging business with Temple-Inland's business to really create a superior operation. This is a little bit of detail on Temple-Inland for the partial quarter that -- post close. Temple-Inland operations delivered $33 million in earnings, and that does include about $10 million of synergies, which were mostly attributable to overhead reductions. Factoring in the incremental interest expense associated with the November bond offering, the term loan, the rollover debt, pretax income from operations was neutral to slightly accretive. And that is definitely a good outcome. So moving on to '12. As John stated, we are off to a very good start, and we have a tremendous amount of work going on to capitalize on this opportunity. In the next 90 days, we'll continue to accelerate versus our synergy realization timeline and further assess more potential that this transaction brings to us. So stay tuned. I've got to give a good plug here for Mark Sutton, who, on Investor Day, which is May 24, will provide a thorough update on the progress to date and our most current view on any potential headroom we're finding as we work together to uncover more opportunity. On a parallel course to this discovery process, I think it's very important that we point out that we remain very, very focused on maintaining and improving the customer experience throughout this process. We're off to a good start there, but that's clearly a high priority. So while we're going to make significant strides with our box plants, our mills, our supply chain optimization, that's going to definitely positively impact the bottom line, our cost structure. I think it's equally important that our efforts are also going to result in improved quality and service. And if you think about it, we will have an expanded product offering. Put that all together, that is going to allow us to extend to our customers, both domestically and globally, the best value proposition in the business. And finally, on Temple-Inland, we are making good progress on the sale of the mills and are preparing for the sale of the building products business. So let me move on to Consumer Packaging. Consumer Packaging is on Slide 13. Operating profits were very solid at $96 million in the quarter of '12 compared to $101 million in the first quarter of '11. We did see lower prices, but this was driven largely by export mix and some margin squeeze that we experienced at the Sun JV. We did have weaker year-over-year volumes, and some of this was offset by the absence of the Shorewood results in the quarter. In North America, relative to our competition, the business continues to outperform in this space. As you can see, on Slide 14, the EBITDA margins actually improved, and we're well ahead of our competition. Another great story is our Foodservice business. And as we discussed last quarter, they continue to reach new highs, finishing the quarter with record earnings and excellent returns. The key for this business has clearly been aligning with growing customers, the best customers in the space, as well as introducing new and innovative products. One thing that we've got going on that's very exciting is our Hold&Go insulated hot cup product line, and that is currently being rolled out by a number of market leaders in the quick service restaurant space, as well as the convenience store segments. What we like about this most is that it's effectively replacing foam cups with an environmentally sustainable solution, which drives new demand, profitable growth, mix improvement. And it's well suited for integrating back into our Consumer Packaging business and our mills. Let me move now to Printed Papers. Printing Papers' operating earnings were $145 million in the fourth quarter -- or first quarter of '12 versus $209 million in the first quarter of '11. Lower pulp and export prices did more than offset the benefits of the lower maintenance outage expenses, the improved volume and the stronger mill operation. I think Slide 17, though, is really a great view of what's happening inside the business. And most of the headwinds in our Printing Papers business are from pulp. So you can see, in our North American uncoated papers business, it performed very well on a stand-alone basis. It delivered a great return on investment of 14%. And actually, earnings in our Paper business were up $12 million on a year-over-year basis on volume growth of 4%. So a good outcome on the Paper side. India, touch on India for a moment. We did finish almost our second quarter in India. I guess we closed in October of 2011. So we finished our first full quarter of operations, and we had record volumes. It was up actually 15% year-over-year. So while it's still early, we remain energized by what we're seeing to date and the opportunities we have to expand production, leveraging our global expertise, the knowledge we have in uncoated freesheets, how to run mills. It's going to be great, and we're excited about the chance to participate in this fast-growing market. Moving to xpedx on Slide 19. xpedx fought strong headwinds in the quarter, and they were related both to seasonality and really, the secular decline that we're seeing in the coated freesheet market. But we did see improved earnings year-over-year, and this speaks to the progress we're making on the cost reductions associated with our strategic transformation, which we will continue on with. So let me move to Slide 20 and kind of summarize. As Slide 20 illustrates, I would categorize definitely the first quarter as solid results despite seasonally weaker demand environment in the Americas and lower price realization in our pulp and our export grades. But all things considered, although it seems to be a bit saw-toothed, we continue to feel more positive about the demand trends in North America and our ability to expand our margins globally and, importantly, to grow our business in the emerging markets that we've invested in. Clearly, a theme that's been resonating throughout the presentation has been what's happening with our pricing. So before I turn it back over to John, I just wanted to point out some of the underlying trends in the first quarter relative to pricing, because it's a very important topic. As John alluded to earlier, almost every grade across our global platform is exiting the quarter with stable or improved pricing versus our average pricing in the quarter. So that clearly indicates that we've reached and moved away from the recent bottom. And I think that's obviously good news, and it bodes well for the quarters to come. You can also see the list of announced price initiatives on the right column. So we expect further realizations in the second and third quarter as these increases are implemented. So I think it bodes well for the rest of the year. So at this point, John, let me turn it back to you.
John V. Faraci: Yes. Thanks, Carol. And I'm on the slide that's got a lot of yellow with a little bit of red and some green on it, which is basically framing up our outlook for the second quarter, and then I'll talk about the rest of the year. So looking ahead to the second quarter, we're going to be moving into a seasonally stronger period of the year. That said, the GDP growth numbers this morning weren't all that impressive. It did feel like closer to 2% GDP growth, but we are going to see some seasonal improvement because the first quarter is one of the seasonally slow ones. We'll see that in North America, and we'll see it in Brazil. In Brazil, that'll give us a more favorable domestic export mix. So far, in April, U.S. box demand is, I'd say, modestly outpacing last year on an average-day basis. And we expect that trend to continue throughout the quarter. Additionally, though, Industrial Packaging earnings are going to be impacted by both the full quarter of Temple-Inland as well as increased synergy capture, which will start to fall through to the bottom line in a much bigger way as we come out of the second quarter. Moving to pricing, as Carol just shared, we expect further price realizations throughout the quarter associated with our announced increases for papers in North America and Brazil and Russia, containerboard exports from our North American operations, as well as global market pulp and fluff pulp exported out of North America. That said, the second quarter is our heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year. It's about 40% of our global annual spend in the second quarter. That's an incremental $105 million or about $0.16 a share versus the first quarter. And think of that as equally split between our Papers and Packaging business, but it's also all around the world. We're right in the middle of our annual outage in India right now. As far as input costs go, we expect to see higher costs in North America. Probably close to $25 million if you just look at the exit rate coming out of March and April across OCC, chemicals and freight. That's $25 million in total. Most of, but not all of that, will be offset by lower natural gas prices. So input costs were a tailwind in the first quarter. It'd be a bit of a headwind in the second quarter. And lastly, we had an FX gain in Ilim of $30 million in the first quarter, and we're assuming that's not going to be repeated unless the Russian ruble continues to get quite strong. So just turning to, I think, more importantly, the full year outlook, and I'll kind of use that as a ramp to talk about how we see 2013. Because we got some -- a lot of things going on inside the company that aren't really macro demand-related. We see a positive trend in the underlying business results in the second quarter. It's going to be offset, as I said, by big maintenance outages. But those will be behind us, so we won't have those outages in the third and fourth quarter. The global economy is uneven. We've got a recession going on in Western Europe. The growth is slowed in China and India but still remains robust. And we've got great paper demand year-over-year in India, but the economy has cooled off a bit. And North America's -- it's a recovering, but far from a fully recovered, economic environment. We have a lot of confidence in our full year earnings and free cash flow outlook. Temple is going to have a growing impact on the year, as we go through the year. And we're really setting the stage, I think, for a big step up in 2013. Again, driven off a lot of projects, which we're spending money on now, which will be completed during the course of this year's start up and have an impact on next year's results. And as I said, those are the Franklin fluff project; the big energy project in Brazil, which will make us totally self-sufficient; Mogi Guaçu; the Ilim expansions; the Sun paper machine; the xpedx strategy; and finally, the Temple ramp-up on merger benefits and full integration.  You'll hear more about all of that on Investor Day. I think it's March 24. And additionally, our business leaders in Investor Day will have -- May 24, excuse me, not March 24. Additionally, we're going to have Paul Herbert, the CEO of Ilim, attending Investor Day in May. So we'll talk more about Ilim as well. So I'll stop right there, and we'll open it up for your questions.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, John. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First of all, I just wanted to ask, did your results in the first quarter surprise you at all? Were they perhaps a bit better than you might have thought?
John V. Faraci: I don't think we have -- it always turns out, Steve, that you -- we got there probably in a slightly different way than we thought we would. I think we left a little money on the table in terms of our mill operations. We had a great running quarter in Printing Papers in North America. We ran really well in Russia. We left a little money on the table in Industrial Packaging and some of the IP legacy mills, the Temple mills. So with the global balance we have, we're always going to have pluses and minuses relative to expectations. But I -- we're pleased with how the quarter came out and, again, looking at free cash flow, I think that's the -- kind of the important number for us.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Indeed. And then with respect to the expenses associated at Franklin and the Sun JV, did they peak in the first quarter? Are they behind you or just going to trend down?
John V. Faraci: They're pretty much flat. We're running with -- more like a couple of million dollars a month at Franklin.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Is that mill producing commercial grade now?
John V. Faraci: No.
Timothy S. Nicholls: No. We'll start up mid-year.
John V. Faraci: That was Tim answering the question. [indiscernible]
Timothy S. Nicholls: But we can trade back and forth.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A quick question on corporate expense. The first quarter was a lot higher than I would have expected, unless I'm missing some adjustment, and it's a huge percentage of your overall annual guidance. Was there something kind of unusual driving that? And what would drive it back down?
Carol L. Roberts: Gail, I think we had spoke to -- the corporate expense is higher due to pension expense. And so it's on Page 26, if you look at the -- in the appendix, it shows the corporate expense.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. But it's looks like $69 -- $65 million or $69 million for the first quarter, which would be a lot higher than that run rate. I mean, I kind of would assume it would come back down then.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. It should even out through time. So there could be a little timing there on things, but the $220 million is the good estimate to use for the year.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just looking at the demand environment a little. When you look at industrial production, performance in consumer nondurables is significantly underperforming. And it seems to be reflected in overall box volumes, as well as Consumer Packaging volumes. Is there anything structural that you think is going on? Is there anything you're hearing from your customers?
John V. Faraci: No, I'll let Mark comment on what he sees in corrugated, but we've -- the GDP numbers are a little over 2%. That kind of feels like last year. It's slowed a bit from the fourth quarter, with box demand was up 0.5% last year. And we're kind of going along that path sideways.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, John. I would agree with that. I mean, we are seeing nothing really structural in that. I think some of those nondurable categories, quite honestly, are affected by short-term issues like gasoline prices and other things. But we aren't seeing anything structural, and we are pretty much tracking -- our box business is tracking with the market, which is our strategy.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one. Given the performance of Temple -- the Temple assets in the first quarter, is there any change to kind of the original guidance that you gave that would be kind of a slight drag or a neutral this year?
John V. Faraci: Well, if we're neutral in the first quarter on 2 months of financials with $10 million of merger benefits, I think you can do the math yourself. We'll talk more about that at Investor Day at the end of May, but we're pretty pleased with where we are.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Looking at 2Q outages in Industrial Packaging in terms of downtime, obviously, last year, you had a little bit of a unique comp with the Vicksburg flood. When you add Temple's downtime and you kind of you look at it apples-to-apples, would you expect to take significantly less tons down or kind of a similar number? Or maybe more tons based on what you're seeing in the market?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think -- I'm not sure if you're asking about last year's second quarter. I mean, what we have in the chart here is really what we forecast all-in, both IP and legacy and Temple mills for maintenance outages. And I think -- is this the third quarter? Is this the second quarter for...
John V. Faraci: Last year.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Last year. So it looks to be pretty similar.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. In terms of total tonnage, it would be sort of a similar number to 2Q last year. Okay. And then I was wondering if you could maybe give a little color on what you're seeing in terms of domestic box markets. It looks like pricing was flat. And I'm wondering if your -- if you think you're in a position to gain a little box business, given that you have sort of an expanded product offering or you may be losing a little business with customers who, maybe, bought from IP and Temple and are trying to diversify suppliers. Or sort of what are you seeing in the marketplace in boxes?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Good question, Anthony. I mean, there's -- the box business is always moving around, given the size of the market and the diversity of the segments. But we pretty much are tracking with the market. So we win some and we lose some. We had -- 1/2 of our business was in -- was actually exposed to segments that actually grew quite nicely in the first quarter. And the other half was in segments that didn't grow as much. We don't see any specific issues around businesses trading hands just because of the Temple-Inland merger. Obviously customers at both companies shared, and we're working real hard to keep that business where we can. And if we lose any, we're going to replace it. But our strategy is to grow with the market, and our performance in the first quarter is pretty much tracking that.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Anthony. On Page 30, and you probably already caught up with it, we were very pleased, and this is with Temple-Inland in. We were up with the market 6/10 of a percent and, importantly, our box pricing from the fourth quarter to the first quarter was flat. So we feel good about that part of it.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just one last question. Is there one specific segment, maybe in agriculture, where Temple gives you some capabilities that you didn't have before?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think there's a couple of segments that come to mind. Temple adds to our capability in sort of the fast-moving consumer goods. And that's big companies, big customers and smaller customers. And we will be a lot stronger in the retail packaging segment as well, with a lot more capabilities than we had before.
John V. Faraci: To add to that, we've got a much more expansive footprint now in Mexico. And we got into Mexico with Weyerhaeuser. We've now added to that with Temple. We like that. And our ag business, particularly in California, is substantially bigger now. It's a seasonal business, but this year is going to be a good season out in California on the fruit side.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of questions, one, just on Ilim. As you plan to bring this capacity on line, wondering how you think about the dependence on China there. I mean, it's obviously not a big piece of global softwood supply, but it's a reasonably sized piece of China. And with China a bit overstocked right now, just wondering how you're thinking about managing that over the long-term.
John V. Faraci: China is going to be a net importer of fiber for as far as we can see. And with 8% growth in the economy, there's still incremental demand. I mean, it's basically all about supply and demand. But China is importing fiber now and, I'd say, probably 80% to 90% of their incremental demand is going to be on imported fiber. That either going to be logs, chips, pulp or wastepaper. So we really like our position. We're the lowest-cost softwood delivered to northern China on the planet, and that's not going to change. And so over the long term, with a low-cost facility making high-quality pulp, we like our position right next to the biggest market in the world.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just on wood fiber cost, they ticked up a little bit in the quarter. I'm assuming some of that's just seasonal. But just wondering how you think about that longer term, let's say, in an environment where housing comes back, you get some more residual wood chips, which is a positive. But are you at all cautious around potential for higher wood costs longer term if housing comes back? Or how do you guys think about that?
John V. Faraci: We think of it as the opposite. When housing comes back, you get 2 things: you get the residual chips, which take pressure off roundwood that comes in the long-distance; and you get what we call the pulpwood spin-off. 80% of harvest an acre is saw timber, 20% of it is pulpwood. That pulpwood is not getting harvested now because housing is still pretty depressed. So what's going to happen when the housing market comes back is we'll end up tightening our drain area. And so we won't go as far for fiber, which will be good. And fiber costs always go up in the fourth quarter because it's seasonal. We can't get into the hardwood lands, we're taking wood out of inventory. So we're doubling handling it. That's just a normal seasonal trend. I'd say, structurally, we're positioned probably for flat to lower fiber costs on the virgin fiber side going forward, which we think is an advantage for our virgin-based businesses, particularly in containerboard.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Wanted to ask you about Ilim. I know you report Ilim on a 1-quarter lag operationally, but was the foreign exchange gain actually something that occurred during the first calendar quarter and that's why the line item is a lot stronger than we thought? Or was it something that you would have known back earlier, say, in January, February?
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, this is Carol. Actually, we closed the quarter lag this quarter. So going forward and from starting with this quarter, we're reporting Ilim current. So the results that we reported for Ilim were actually what we achieved in the first quarter. Relative to the currency, it happened in the quarter. And it's -- the end of the quarter, how you get to it, how it's happening through the quarter. And you just don't know how currency is going to come out, but the ruble strengthened and then stabilized. So it happened in the quarter. It's -- right now, the ruble is kind of flat, so kind of hard to predict what it's going to be at the end of the next quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: So I guess when you look at the quarter you just reported, I guess, net of the gain, it's roughly $14 million. That's actually 2 quarters of results, right? But it also includes the low point of the first quarter, which I would imagine. So how does that shake out going to the second? I mean, obviously, it's a better environment, but you're only going to be reporting one quarter's results. Is that correct?
Carol L. Roberts: No, Chip. What we do is you actually go back and you -- you go back in '11 and you push all the quarters back to the appropriate -- so the results we reported were just for the first quarter of '12.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. That's very helpful. And then secondly on the Temple situation...
John V. Faraci: We restated '11. So as part of doing all this, we restated the '11 numbers to put them all on the current quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then just moving on to Temple-Inland. I know it's only been a couple of months or so, but are you seeing anything incrementally, especially on the box plant side, with transportation that might give you either greater confidence and the ultimate synergy number, or maybe even cause this to be greater than you originally thought?
John V. Faraci: Mark, do you want to comment on that?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. Chip, we are seeing what we thought we would see, which is tremendous opportunity when you put these 2 networks together. And I think in this specific area, you're asking about in-freight. I would say, yes, we are seeing more than we had originally modeled, and we're just putting the finishing touches on kind of estimating where that's going to be. And I'm going to share that, as John said, on May 24. That and a number of other synergy areas on -- during our Investor Day.
John V. Faraci: There are huge freight [ph] opportunities, Chip.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is actually Kurt Schoen filling in for Mark. SO it's interesting to see the white...
John V. Faraci: Can you speak up, Kurt?
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So it's interesting to see that white paper margins are holding up well in Europe and Brazil, given recent economic weakness in those markets. What is your outlook for margins in those businesses going forward? And how does that differ from your U.S. white paper outlook?
John V. Faraci: Tim, you want to comment on that?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I'll comment. No, I think -- actually, our margins in North America are holding up pretty well, too. The biggest impact on margins in the quarter -- I can't really speak to Europe, but I'll speak to North America and Brazil, is really around export paper pricing. Export markets started decreasing in the fourth quarter, and then continued that into the first part of the first quarter of this year before starting to rebound. So we look at Brazil, and you've got about 50% of the capacity that's exposed to export markets between Latin America and Europe, primarily. So those margins will recover in the second quarter, and we think they'll be strong in the balance of the year.
John V. Faraci: Our business in Europe -- our Paper business has really tilted to the east, most of our paper productions in Poland and Russia. We've got one mill in Western Europe and France. So we really don't see the impact of the slowdown in Western Europe as much as in -- as much in our Paper businesses as we see in our corrugated box business, which is France, Italy, Spain and then Turkey and Morocco.
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And just following up in white paper. Over the next year, do you expect your mix of cut size and roll to change in any meaningful way given the shrinkage in the roll market?
Timothy S. Nicholls: I don't know. I -- no expectations at this point, but I wouldn't want to speculate on what we might do or where we might do it. I think -- we just looked at demand in the first quarter and thought demand looked a little bit better than we had expected coming into it. So here in North America, we feel pretty good with the mix that we've got today.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, I want to just go back quickly first to the comment on input cost. So is the $25 million using current run rate negative variance in 2Q versus 1Q the total that one could calculate right now? Or would nat gas prices offset most of that? What's the appropriate interpretation of that?
John V. Faraci: Nat gas is going to offset some of it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Second question, and you touched on this a bit, we had heard from our own freight contacts, and you mentioned today, that the mills within industrial this last quarter didn't run as well perhaps as normally they do within International Paper. You called out, I think, $20 million year-on-year variance. And if we look a little bit later on, the slide deck, I guess on Page 41, it was actually a fairly steep sequential drop off. $75 million. And I guess, to the extent that you can comment, what was driving that negative variance either year-on-year or sequentially in mill ops within Industrial Packaging?
John V. Faraci: Mark, you want to comment on that?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. George, on this sequential, that $76 million that you'd talked about, a big portion of that was really related to the way we revalue inventory and manage that inventory reserve. But from an operational standpoint, we did move a few things from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, just timing of certain jobs. But cutting to the chase on how we ran, the big difference between sequential and last year's first quarter was at 4 of our mills, and as John mentioned, they happen to all be legacy IP mills, we had one-time reliability events that we've solved and they're behind us, ranging from problems with a boiler to some mechanical problems. So nothing chronic. One-time reliability events. But they're expensive. And we've got them behind us.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So would it be fair that as we look to 2Q versus 1Q, most of that variance is, therefore, turned and basically to nil. Would that be fair?
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think we've got -- our objective obviously is to recover from some of that, but we've got a few things that are lingering into the second quarter.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Last question and I'll turn it over. Just stepping back on Ilim, you've obviously now synchronized the results to be in line with the rest of International Paper. You are going to have Paul Herbert also presenting at the Analyst Day coming up in May. It seems like, perhaps, you're trying to highlight Ilim a bit more to investors. Maybe you agree with the premise of that, maybe you don't. But if you do, kind of what are the implications of the moving up of the timing of the results, and again, trying to maybe increase our appreciation for Ilim within International Paper?
John V. Faraci: George, we think investors don't fully appreciate the inherent value of the Ilim investment and its impact on International Paper, and we understand why. We haven't -- it's equity accounted. It's not a consolidated joint venture given the structure that we have, which is a 50-50 structure. We're kind of at the back end now with a $1 billion of capital spending that's not on Ilim's balance sheet. IP didn't fund it. We think this is a great story. We've invested $650 million, taken out close to $250 million in dividends over the last 5 years. We're coming up on the 5-year anniversary of the Ilim joint venture and poised to add another paper machine and significantly expand our market pulp production. So if we think about International Paper right now, for the next 5 to 10 years, we think Russia's going to be an important part of our future. It's an emerging market so it's different than the rest of the world. But we know how to operate there. We operate the way we need to. And I think giving investors more clarity on that from the people running it is -- will be a good thing.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you see it being consolidated, John, in the next 5 years?
John V. Faraci: We're happy with the joint venture structure. And with the joint venture structure we have, with 50-50 ownership of that joint venture, it will not be consolidated, and no reason to believe that will change. As you know, our partners have a put agreement that they chose not to exercise. And we're glad we have partners. We're well aligned strategically. The business is commercially successful, and we're running it well. We're adding value, and I think IP is adding value and our partners are adding value to the JV.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. It shows from the results.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: John, just curious. There have been some reports domestically and offshore about you guys looking at acquisitions. Without getting specific, I wonder if you could just tell us how you're thinking about sort of acquisitions versus debt reduction over the next 12 months?
John V. Faraci: Well, first of all, I'll let Tom Kadien comment on India because it's a -- I think that's where some of that stuff was coming from.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: There's not a lot of validity to the -- what's been coming out of the papers in India. We're evaluating the business that we just closed on about 4, over 4.5 months ago. We're pleased with how it's going so far, but we're not ready to go off and do anything else in India other that improve what we've already got.
John V. Faraci: I think that people try and create expectations for evaluation for themselves. But back to the overall cash allocation strategy, Mark, it continues to be one of balance. We'll talk a lot more about that on Investor Day. We've took on some additional debt with Temple. We've financed that in a way that we're going to -- we can pay it back quite quickly; most of it is term debt. And obviously, with the sale of the 3 industrial packaging mills that we need to sell, which are part of the consent decree to get the approval to close, plus the sale of building [ph] products, plus the strong free cash flow we're generating in the company, we've got enough cash to do what we want to do on the balance sheet side and to consider other things, which will be a balanced use of cash with -- acquisitions, we're not on an acquisition hunt. We're on a -- make International Paper as it is the best company it can be and generate some value for shareowners. And some of that will come by returning cash to shareowners.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just turning to kind of a broader view of the company, you've really done a tremendous amount over the last several years to turn IP into much more of a packaging company. And if you look across the packaging market, it seems like whether it's cans or plastic bottles or folding cartons or flexible packaging, a lot of those businesses have all moved to more of a cost pass-through model. And the model for containerboard, which is maybe a $12 billion business for you guys, is still largely based on one journalist's estimate of market prices every month. And I just like to get your thoughts on whether you can change that model in your biggest business, whether you could see that changing over the next 3 to 5 years.
John V. Faraci: First thing I'd say, we're still International Paper. We're not International Packaging. And the company isn't going to change. With respect to pricing, I don't think it's probably a good place for us to be commenting on this call or -- I mean, this is kind of a forum on how prices are determined in the marketplace. It's really -- at the end of the day, it's all around supply and demand. And overtime, the shape and the cost structure does have an impact on pricing. And I think when -- we think we're advantaged on that because we see OCC prices buy us up over time. 65% of our capacity in North America is virgin-based, and we're going to benefit from that. So in a world market that's OCC short, and with China being so fiber short, pulp for paper and softwood for packaging, we like where we're at. So the -- it may not be that our month-to-month pricing is triggered off cost, but, over time, it certainly is. And the cost curve is changing and we're -- I think we're advantaged by that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. Then the last question I had is just going back down to Brazil. When you first started the corporate transformation, we were -- you were highlighting EBITDA margins down in Brazil of somewhere between 35% and 40%. We're significantly below that now, I think, largely because of currency issues. But what's a reasonable bogey for that business, John?
John V. Faraci: What are you thinking about for the business?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we'll share more about this when we have Investor Day. But I think mid-30s is still a reasonable target, and that's what we're going to be focused on over the next couple of years. Currency has had an impact. Export exposure, especially out of the region, has had a big impact. And what happens over the next couple of years is -- volume comes back into region at higher margins, and we'll see where the currency goes. Little we can do about that. But I think mid-30s is a reasonable target for that business.
John V. Faraci: Margins have come down, but really, what we're doing is we're -- we've built a business there that is really, I think, well positioned to be the leader in the Latin American paper market, as the Latin American paper market, which is growing at 4% to 5% a year, continues to grow. The Brazil that we bought with Champion was basically a Brazilian business. And what we're doing is we're using Brazil as a platform to serve Latin America because it's a low-cost place to serve Latin America. And our EBITDA in dollars is growing quite a bit. Our margins have come down, but, as Tim said, selling more in the region is going to improve our margins. And this boiler project we've got going, just that by itself is, I think, a $40 million impact on our bottom line.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. It's a huge impact. So more details when we get to May. But yes, cost structure and geographic mix improvement are big levers in terms of getting to a higher, more sustainable margin in the business.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And Tim, just any thoughts. I think you have to make a decision on that option around that second machine down there at Tres Lagoas over the next 12 months. Any -- just any thoughts about that?
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we like what we got with the first machine, and we're currently going through the evaluation process on economics and financials. But the market growth dynamic is very good in the region, as John just said, in the 4% to 5% range. So we haven't made a firm decision. But assuming that it'll look similar to the first machine we've built, it's something that we're very excited about.
Operator: Your final question is coming from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: It's going to be a pedestrian [ph] one to start, but one of your big competitors had talked about the first part of April being pretty strong in the box business. Can you share what you've seen?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. This is Mark Sutton. April is, I think John mentioned it earlier, is starting off pretty decent. It's above March, but it's very similar to last April. And I think last April, probably the tougher comp than we've had recently. But we've improved through the quarter. We exited the quarter mimicking the market. But we would say April so far is up over March and very similar to last April.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then on a different line of inquiry, your U.S. pulp business is not a big business for you, but it kind of stood out there because you were actually EBITDA negative in the business. And I realize it's cyclically, it's not as strong in a position as it might be. But prices don't look like they've been that low. And it's kind of strange, where you do so well in so many of your business competitively, to have that as such an outlier. Any thoughts on how that can change? And is there a wide dispersion of profitability from facility to facility? Or is it pretty similar across the board?
Timothy S. Nicholls: No. We do have disparity across the board. And as we grow the fluff mix, we're going to see higher, more consistent types of margin across the business. The big -- one of the big drivers in the quarter was just Franklin's start-up cost, which was roughly $9 million in the quarter that we did not fully anticipate. One of the things I would say is that mills don't age particularly well when they're sitting idle, even though you do things that try to preserve the asset. And so when we got in, we found pumps, motors, valves, things that's just needed attention. And the right thing to do is deal with it now so that we have a really good start-up.
John V. Faraci: And when you look at those EBITDA margins, I think you're looking at the appendix on Page 35, those are fully loaded with all the business and corporate overhead as well. So don't think about it as negative cash. It just -- we try to allocate much of our corporate cost or overhead cost to the businesses as we can. Still on a number we like.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the floor back to Mr. Landau for closing remarks.
Glenn Landau: Well, thank you for joining us for our first quarter conference call. We'll officially close the call now. Any follow-up questions can be directed to myself or, for Media, Tom Ryan, at phone numbers in the appendix. Thank you, and good evening.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mary A. Laschinger - Senior Vice President and President - Xpedx Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President - Consumer Packaging and Ip Asia
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the call over to Glenn Landau, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Christy, and good morning. And thank you all for joining International Paper's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  During the call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures are available on our website. As always, our website will also contain copies of our fourth quarter 2011 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody or good afternoon depending where you're calling in from. Over the next 20 to 30 minutes, Carol Roberts and I will review our full year and fourth quarter 2011 results and the performance of our individual businesses. We've also got Mary Laschinger, Senior Vice President and President of xpedx, here to give you all an update on the progress we're making in transforming our distribution business.  And I'm going to start just by talking about the full year and set that up for Carol to go into the quarter. We had stronger full year results for International Paper. Actually, it was the best financial results in almost 2 decades. Margin expansion where we needed it; price realization stayed with us throughout the year; great operations and cost management, outstanding results from Ilim, which we'll talk about; and excellent cash generation.  Looking at International Paper in North America and around the world. This is now on Slide 2, volumes in North America were down slightly, but sales revenue was up slightly, reflecting the fact we've got price flow through and strong margin expansion in our North American businesses of 200 basis points.  Outside the U.S., we improved earnings, but it was in a different way. Margins, which were high, stayed high, but we've got good, strong volume growth up 6%, and as a result of that a plus in sales price improvement. Sales were up 17% outside North America, including the Ilim Joint Venture.  So we're going to the next slide, looking at all for 2011. Sales moved up from $25 billion to $26 billion, strong improvement in EBIT from $1.8 to $2.3. EPS up by close to 50%. Cash from operations, again, very strong, solid free cash flow even though capital spending was up year-over-year. Year-end debt up some because of the pre-funding or pre-borrowing for the Temple acquisition, and very strong cash balance, even when you take out the debt that we put on the balance sheet for Temple, and we funded the pension plan as well.  Yes, this next slide, I think, just shows the journey that International Paper has been on. The transformation plan is over. It was all aimed at putting International Paper in a position. From a portfolio standpoint, we've earned good [ph] returns and the cost to capital zone. And with the exception of 2009, which is now in the rearview mirror, the worst recession we had in 80 years, we've steadily been on that margin in 2011, which is still a challenging economic environment, we got to that 80% return. So we feel very good about the year, feel we had a strong quarter to end a very strong year.  I'll come back at the end and talk about how we're looking in 2012. So Carol?
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, John, and good morning, everybody. Let's take a look at the financial bridge from 2010 to 2011, where IP earned an incremental $1.20 per share from continuing operations and before special items.  While volume in our consolidated businesses was down slightly, I think it's worth noting that our Ilim JV provided $0.21 of additional contribution, mainly driven by year-over-year revenue growth of 26%.  I think the other main story that John mentioned in 2011 was the significant margin expansion driven by year-over-year price realization and mixed improvements, as well as excellent operations and cost management, and both of these more than offset the higher input cost of $0.61 a share. In summary, as John stated earlier, this result marks the best year that IP's had financially in almost 2 decades.  So moving to the next slide to the fourth quarter. Earnings per share were $0.66. These results were in line with our expectations for the quarter as we experienced what we would see as the normal seasonal weakness in North America, and we did see some downward price pressure in market hold and exports from North America in both paper and packaging. Additionally, we had significant negative currency impact at our Ilim JV in this period, which did reduce their earnings in the quarter. These headwinds were somewhat offset by our global balance. We saw seasonally stronger demand in paper sales in Brazil, Russia and Eastern Europe, as well as stronger box volumes and improved margins in Europe. And we did see some input costs relief in fiber and energy. I think it's worth noting that as we exited the quarter, our inventory did remain in balance as we continued to balance our supply with our customers' demands.  So taking a quick look at the fourth quarter financial snapshot that you can see on Slide 10. During the quarter, we did generate greater EBITDA year-over-year, and we did improve our margins by 100 basis points despite the headwinds that we just talked about. Importantly, the resulting free cash flow remained strong at $328 million.  Going to the fourth quarter to third quarter slide, looking at the bridge from the third quarter, the seasonal headwinds on costs and volumes, you can see them there, and you can also see the impact of the lower prices for pulp and exports. And it did offset the positive on input costs. And also on this bridge, you can see the Ilim earnings impact, which was down $0.12 a share due to the currency impact that I've already mentioned.  Let's just take a moment on the next slide and take a look at global input costs. As you can see on Slide 12, input costs in the quarter did provide some relief primarily at fiber, and that was primarily OCC; a little bit of energy. And so this was down and combined for a $42 million improvement in earnings from the third quarter.  If I take you to Slide 13, I'd like to comment on our North American business operating rates. In North America, our mills ran at 91% operating rate in the quarter and 94% for the full year.  And as you can see on this slide, our Packaging businesses did take nearly 240,000 tons of downtime in the quarter, and we did this quite simply to balance our supply with our customers' demand. As a result of these actions, our inventories are in good shape entering the new year. I will note that in containerboard, we do have a lot of outages coming up in the first and second quarter and then seasonally strong ivy [ph] season So we will plan to build some inventory early in the quarter to get through the second quarter.  Moving to Slide 14, let's touch on Industrial Packaging. Industrial Packaging operating earnings in the fourth quarter of '11 were $316 million, compared to $301 million for the third quarter of '11. The current quarter's earnings were favorably impacted by very strong mill operations. We did talk about the lower recycled fiber costs in the U.S, and we do have a seasonally strong box volume in Europe and improved margins in Europe. Partially offsetting these positive variances were higher maintenance outages. We did see lower export prices in containerboard, and we do have just a seasonally slower U.S. box business in the fourth quarter.  If I take you to the chart on margins. This puts our Industrial Packaging results in perspective. Slide 15 shows our North American EBITDA returns for both '10 and '11 relative to the competition, and it's worth noting that in 2011, our EBITDA margins were above 20%, and importantly, 250 basis points better than last year and 350 basis points better than our next competitor.  Just a quick comment regarding the Temple-Inland acquisition. As we announced last Friday, we have agreed to an extension until February 13th to provide time for the parties to complete the binding documentation to resolve the DOJ concerns with respect to the transaction. We anticipate entering into the definitive agreement on terms acceptable to all parties within this timeframe. We continue to work internally on our integration plans, and importantly over the last several weeks, our teams did get a chance to visit all the mills and, if I remember, quite energized with what we saw in terms of assets and potential synergies. And we remain very confident in our synergy target of $300 million.  Moving to Consumer Packaging on Slide 17. Operating profits were $62 million in the fourth quarter of '11 compared with $103 million in the third quarter of '11. Increased maintenance outages, seasonally weaker U.S. in export demand for coated paperboard and lower pricing in China and Europe nearly partially offset by the lower input costs in the quarter. Relative to our competition, if you look at the total year in North America, the business continues to outperform in this space, improving EBITDA margins by 440 basis points greater than our next large competitor in 2011 versus '10.  And logically, not surprisingly, this would amount to a record year for our North American Coated Paperboard business. And on Slide 19, we show that we nearly doubled our earnings over 2010 and achieved an almost 11% return on investment.  Moving to Page 20, there's so many good things going on in our Coated Paperboard, business but an area that's worth mentioning is a portion of the success can be contributed to our supply chain initiative, which really are enabled by our associated enterprise-wide operating model.  Things like schedule integrity improvements, make-to-stock functionality have enabled the business to reduce inventories by greater than 5% while increasing terms to close to 9 times. So this is a good outcome in a complex business which shows the results we can get.  Another great success in 2010 was our Foodservice business. As we discussed last quarter, this business closed an outstanding year, finishing above pre-recession volume level and increasing earnings by nearly 20%.  The key for this business has really been about aligning our sales with growing and winning customers as we introduce innovative new products. In 2012, our new Hold&Go insulated hot cup product line is going to roll out with a number of market leaders in the quick service and convenience store segments, driving further profitable growth and mix improvement.  Moving onto Asia. Just a quick update on our capital expansion in our Sun JV. Construction is underway on our new coated paperboard machine, PM26. This project remains on schedule for our fourth quarter 2012 startup. And importantly it brings on an incremental 550,000 tons of new annual capacity of very high-quality coated paperboard.  Moving to Printing Papers on Slide 23, operating earnings were $190 million in the fourth quarter of '11 versus the $238 million that we saw in the third quarter of '11. Higher manufacturing operating costs, really primarily associated with the unfavorable seasonal energy used, increased maintenance outage expense and lower export and pulp prices in the quarter more than offset lower input costs and seasonally stronger papers sales in Brazil, Russia and Eastern Europe.  So the way I would talk about Printing Papers is we had strong results in Russia, Europe and Brazil. And in North America, we had a solid quarter. Third quarter was outstanding, but we did see some of these headwinds in the higher maintenance expenses.  If you look at North America Printing Papers for the full year, you can see that we finished the year with a record return on investment of nearly 13% and improved earnings over $45 million.  Moving on to Slide 25, an exciting piece of work that we want to mention is Franklin, Virginia, where work continues on our fluff pulp repurposing project, with very exciting crews, opened the gates for the first time in nearly 2 years as wood began to flow and to arrive in preparation for our planned midyear startup. IP is currently -- we're the third largest global supplier of fluff pulp, and this investment is going to give us greater participation in a market that's growing 4% plus. The mill will be capable of producing 270,000 tons -- metric tons of high-quality fluff pulp for our customers across the globe.  Moving to Page 26. Let me touch on IP India. As you know, in India integration is underway and best practice transfer is underway post our closing of Andhra Paper last quarter. And although it's still very early, we can clearly see that we've got a great opportunity for incremental opportunities to expand production, leveraging our global expertise in uncoated free sheet to take part in what's our very fast growing market, with uncoated free sheet growth of 7% to 15% in India.  Andhra Paper noteworthy increased our revenue per ton by 12% in 2011 and operated at EBITDA margins of greater than 20%. First quarter had some noise in it, but going forward, I think the first quarter and beyond will give us a better indication of the progress and the success of Andhra Paper.  So let me touch on xpedx. Xpedx had a strong fourth quarter, with operating earnings of $33 million compared with $27 million in the third quarter of '11. The fourth quarter costs did decrease primarily associated with the transformation initiatives and more than offset lower printing paper volumes due to fewer shipping days.  And at this point, I'd like to turn it over to my colleague Mary Laschinger, Senior Vice President and President of xpedx to share more news about the progress we're making in transforming our distribution business.
Mary A. Laschinger: Thank you, Carol. Good morning everyone. Last April, we shared with you that xpedx had just finished a strategic assessment in our business, and that we would launch that work in 2011. And today, I'm going to provide an update on that work and the outlook for the business. But first, I wanted to take an opportunity because I believe it's important to provide some background which helps explain the opportunity available to us in the distribution business.  On Page 28, you can see that xpedx had many acquisitions over the years, and during that time we continued to progress and had improved earnings through 2008. But it's only just been recently that we've actually achieved a single operating system to take advantage of those capabilities. On the next page, you can see that we had improvement up until 2008. 2009 not only brought a general economic decline, but it also was the beginning of a structural demand decline in print, especially in the coated grades, and that still has not recovered to pre-recession level.  So 2010, we took the time to assess our options to reposition the business. And 2011 was all about building capabilities on how to win and making choices on where to win. And we believe through centralizing strategies with local execution, we can deliver more than $100 million of improvement over the next few years, taking the EBIT to over $200 million.  The next few slides that I'm going to cover further explain the 3 key levers of buy, handle and sell, and how the benefits are achieved with some specific examples to show this success. And I'll finish to share with you the impact on our second half and fourth quarters specifically and the long-term outlook.  The buy part of this business is all about building a robust capability around strategic sourcing and replenishment. We are thoroughly assessing our suppliers' capabilities. Were matching those to our customer and product needs and then making some tough choices. We're also currently in the process of upgrading our technology around our replenishment capabilities, which will improve service levels and provide robust inventory management capabilities.  On the left-hand side of this chart I've shared with you, where we've highlighted a category within each of our focus segment of print, packaging and facility solutions, and the outcome of our first phase of work. You can see we have fewer suppliers and fewer SKUs, all of this resulting in better service to our customers, with improved product availability, better total value at a lower total cost to the enterprise. This first phase of work is just now being implemented in the 1st and 2nd quarter of 2012.  The second key lever in our business, shown on Page 31, is all about optimizing our supply chain. It's matching our warehouse network to our customer demand and the service levels required in each segment. We are also installing warehouse and fleet management systems to optimize our national footprint. All of this, resulting in better service, higher order fuel rates and lower fixed and variable costs. The chart on the left shows our progress and our plan on revenue per square foot throughout our warehouse network, which is a productivity measure, and you can see we are making significant improvement in productivity.  The example on the right is the success story in the repositioning of our Salt Lake City operation, where we took 4 locations, 3 brands, consolidated into one, and you can see the outstanding results. Again, this handle initiative is all about fewer, larger facilities with best-in-class capabilities, leading to better service and lower cost.  The last key driver in our business is about making choices on where to focus and investing in growth. As you can see from the top part of this grid, we have opportunities in this business to grow, and we are investing in those segments.  For example, in our Packaging business, we have invested in packaging design centers to support growth in specialty packaging, and we coupled that with a commodity product offering. You can see our results in 2011 have been significant, with great improvement year-over-year. But we also recognize that the commercial print segment is in decline, but we have a very large position with many strengths to win, and we're going to continue to support that segment as a core part of our business.  Lastly, we did make some tough choices in 2011 and we are in the process of exiting some markets or segments due to either market dynamics or our assessment of our ability to win.  Page 33, the last picture shows our progress in 2011 and the long-term outlook. As I've stated earlier, 2011 was all about building a plan and capabilities, and we began executing in late 2011 with some impact in the fourth quarter.  We do have seasonality in this business, but our fourth quarter results were significantly better than prior years. This is a multiyear program, and we're about 3 to 6 months into the execution. But we're very confident that this business has significant potential to add value to International Paper.  With that, I'm going to turn it back to Carol.
Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, Mary. Appreciate it. So one final update before I move on to the outlook, and then John provides the wrap up. I wanted to comment on our progress at the Ilim joint venture, specifically our Bratsk and Koryazhma mills, and those projects continue on schedule. As you can see from these pictures on Slide 24, we essentially have passed the halfway mark and remain on plan for startup in late 2012.  And just to remind you of the scope of those projects, in the Bratsk project, we'll bring on 500,000 tons of bleached soft wood pulp, leveraging our low cost export position to China. And our new paper machine in Koryazhma will add 155,000 tons of uncoated free sheet, which will support our domestic market growth in Russia. So very exciting and on track and on plan.  So let me take us to Slide 35 and move in to the summary of the fourth quarter and then to the outlook. As we said, we had a solid fourth quarter despite the seasonally weaker demand environment in North America that we normally experience in this timeframe. All things considered, we continue to feel more positive about the demand trend in North America, about our ability to expand margins globally and to grow our business in the emerging markets that we've invested in.  So let me take you through a detailed look of our first quarter outlook on Slide 36. Looking ahead, the first quarter is always a seasonally slower period. With that said, we do expect modest increases in volume in North America versus the fourth quarter, primarily in Packaging -- that's primarily due to 4 more box shipping days. But we do expect an increase in exports in our paper business.  Through January, good news is that U.S. box demand held up to what I would consider quite nicely. Although we are working with a fairly weak year-over-year comp, our box demand is up nearly 4% versus January of last year.  Moving on to pricing. The continued pass-through of previously negotiated export price reductions really in packaging, containerboard and in paper and pulp will materially impact realizations in the first quarter.  And additionally in Brazil, seasonally weaker domestic demand -- that will result in us shipping a greater percentage of lower-priced paper exports, which will be a drag on earnings. As to inputs, we see slightly higher costs in North America, primarily wood, energy and chemical, which will largely offset the benefit of some lower outage expense. And it's fairly new news today, but OCC just came out today, and it's up anywhere from $10 to $15 for February.  Xpedx earnings will decrease as the quarter is just seasonally a slower shipping period for the distribution business. On a positive note contribution from our Ilim joint venture will improve and that's really based largely on the absence of the negative currency impact that we experienced in the fourth quarter. I would point out that our run rate earnings coming out of this currency issue will reflect about the half of the peak level that will be saw earlier in 2011, which is a result of the full impact of the pulp price erosion for the period.  And lastly, I'd like to point out that manufacturing operations and all other costs associated with the businesses will be impacted in the quarter versus the fourth quarter. Essentially, there's 4 major buckets, each worth between $10 million to $25 million of incremental expense in the quarter, and let me take you through those.  First we do expect one-time cost in the first quarter associated with the pending startups later this year at both Franklin and our Sun joint venture. The second, we talked about it, but there are seasonally higher costs related to the consumption of energy, fuel, primarily due to the colder weather, that will create some headwind for our manufacturing operations.  Third, one-time annual true-ups that we experienced in the fourth quarter, largely related to company-paid benefits. We do not expect that to repeat in the first quarter.  And finally, the company's favorable experience related to last year's inventory reevaluations will not occur -- will not reoccur in the first quarter, impacting first quarter earnings.  So at this point, what I would like to do is turn the call back to you, John.
John V. Faraci: Good, Carol, thanks. Carol just covered the outlook. So let me talk more about just extending the outlook beyond the first quarter and the full year.  Looking at the U.S. economy, I think recovering but far for from fully recovered. The economic growth, we've got some growth, but it's still a lot slower than we'd all like to see. So we see modest demand growth in IP business segments, mostly continuing to be driven by the growth in emerging markets. None of us have a great crystal ball in input costs, but as far as we can see -- with what we can see, I'd say our view on input costs is more or less stable. There's certainly is moderate inflation in the U.S. economy.  Inventories are in good shape. We're going to get the realization of high-return cost reduction projects, most of that in the second half of the year, and I'll talk about those in a minute. The major earnings runway drivers that kind of ramp up in the second half of the year, the most significant one being Temple-related synergies. We are going to have some higher pension costs during the year and interest in tax expenses, which are covered in the appendix.  So let me go and just talk about capital for a minute. We discussed -- if you look at this chart, it shows our capital spending over the last 7 or 8 years and then the 2008 to '12 average, which is how we think about capital over a cycle. We're going to spend more money in 2012. The $1.3 billion before Temple, probably close to $1.5 billion with Temple, fairly close to depreciation, whether it be big capital spending year. The 2008 to '12, capital spending -- cycle spending will be below depreciation -- well below depreciation, as we said, about 75% over that period.  So we've got an impressive backlog of high-return projects, and we're going to begin to fund those. We'll start funding in 2011 aggressively, we're going to continue to fund those aggressively in 2012. And if you go to the next slide, what you see are these projects, and they really fall into 4 categories, the biggest one being energy consumption. No matter where we are, whether it's Russia, Brazil or the U.S., reducing energy consumption are really high payback return projects. As you can see, we're going to spend close to $190 million this year on cost reduction projects.  Turning to Slide 42, the major earnings run rate drivers we see as we look out not only in 2012 but beyond are, first, the Temple acquisition. As Carol said, we're very confident about the $300 million of synergies, more confident now that we've been in the Temple facilities. That's going to start to impact us right away after closing, which we think is not too far away. The Franklin soft pulp conversion is also going to start to impact the company positively in the second half of the year and in 2013. You heard Mary talk about the xpedx transformation, which is starting to produce results, and those will accelerate as we get to the back half of 2012.  The capital projects that are coming on in the markets where we need capacity, Russia and China, are going to be coming on stream at the end of the year and really start to impact International Paper in a positive way as we move into 2013. And finally, the APPM acquisition, which we'll talk to you more about probably at the end of the first quarter on our Investor Day, we think is a terrific opportunity for International Paper to build a platform that will give us earnings, sales and expansion over the next 5 years.  So summing up our priorities, as we think about International Paper, before we kind of take your questions, remain very consistent. We're going to continue to grow strong, sustainable free cash flow, be very disciplined in how we spend money to do that. Our objectives are to extend our margins and earnings in all of our businesses, achieving cycle average of returns above the cost of capital, maintain a strong balance sheet and continue to use that free cash flow in a balanced way to fund good cost reduction projects, delivering on our strategic initiatives, paying down the debt associated with Temple to maintain a strong balance sheet. And finally, but importantly, increasing the dividend over time as sustainable free cash flow permits.  So with that, I think I will turn it back over to all of you to ask your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of George Staphos of Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, first question on exports in containerboard. I think earlier in the slide deck, you show about $6 million of price reduction for the Industrial Packaging business. Should we assume that most of that was related to exports? And can you comment at all what type of trend you're seeing more recently terms of export pricing in containerboard.
John V. Faraci: George, so most of that was export related and I'll let Mark Sutton, who's here, who runs the Industrial Packaging business now just comment on what we see in the marketplace today.
Mark Stephan Sutton: It was all export. In the fourth quarter, we lost about $28 a ton in export, and we've seen that continues a little bit more into January. But we believe it's pretty much hitting a bottom and firming up. There are even a couple of cases with some export markets, where we've actually -- we see price increases as we go through January. So I think we hopefully are seeing the bottom of that.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, would it be fair to say that you're seeing some pickup in South American export pricing? Or is that too simplistic?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Probably too simplistic. We're still -- we're still working through our customer activity in South America, but the one area we have seen firming in somewhat of a reversal is more in our Mediterranean basin region.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Two last ones, and I'll turn it over. If we think about the bleached board market, certainly it would appear from the data that you shared, you're comfortable with your performance versus the market. It is a smaller market, though, say versus containerboard. And you are seeing capacity coming on not necessarily in North America, obviously, but around the world. The decline that we saw in the fourth quarter, how comfortable are you that's really more seasonal and/or cyclical and not the beginning of a more structural issue you need to deal with within coated paperboard.
John V. Faraci: Tom, you want to comment on that? Tom Kadien runs our Consumer Packaging business, which includes coated paperboard.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, we saw the industry backlogs here in North America start to fall in October, and I would say they kind of bounced along the bottom in October and November. But we've actually seen some improvements in backlog since then, and I'd say for the last 3 weeks we felt very good about the demand. So I think from a North American perspective, the demand, I'll say, softness is behind us and we feel much better about the first quarter. I guess, from a structural standpoint, I think I don't think we have a structural issue. I think we just had an inventory correction and some slowdown in the segments that we participate in, but it seems like we're headed in the right direction this year.
John V. Faraci: We export about 20% of what we make in Coated Paperboard, and we're very targeted and selective about putting that volume to customers that need an SDS product. So while, yes, there is capacity being added around the world, we think we got the right customer base in the export markets to support that kind of position going forward.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Carol, last question. On the appendix, you note the tax rate guidance is trending higher interest expense and corporate expenses well versus 2011. Can you give us kind of a quick overview why those are trending higher?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, the tax rate simply just geographic mix post Temple and then we're just going to have more of a U.S-based business-based relative to the Corporate. And I know Glenn can take you guys through more detail, but that's simply pension expense is going to be high. The biggest driver is pension expense is going to be higher. And of course, the net interest expense is all around our Temple-Inland work. But Glenn can take you through any other details you might need on that.
John V. Faraci: And remember that pension expense is not cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wondered if we could start out. I noticed in Containerboard, really you took a lot of downtime -- market downtime in the fourth quarter. And I wondered if you can give us a little color where you're taking it and whether that's continuing in January, or whether you're running a little fuller as you try to build those inventories that Carol talked about?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, this is Mark Sutton. On the market downtime, as you know, we run to our customer base, the needs of our customer base, and we took what we took in the fourth quarter simply to match what our customer demands were. And really, we tend to take it based on our flexible system, so we take the downtime in the most cost-effective way, as one of the benefits of having a system as flexible as ours. So we took some of that downtime in some of the recycled mills. And we are running stronger in the beginning of this year so far.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And Mark, you mentioned in the release a couple of times the improved performance in European container. Is that simply a result of European containerboard prices having fallen so much in the fourth quarter?
John V. Faraci: Yes what that is, Mark, is you've got board prices fell, and with the customer base we've had, we've gotten some margin expansion because prices haven't.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just, John, just a couple of questions about some of these offshore operations. First of all, it seems like there's a lot of restructuring going on in the European containerboard and corrugated business. And I wondered if we could get your thoughts on your business in Europe and your strategy.
John V. Faraci: Well, we've got a great corrugated business in Southern Europe, North Africa and Turkey. It's focused on fruit and vegetables. It's not insulated from what's going on in Spain and Italy. We have an industrial business there. It's not integrated in the sense that we buy all our containerboard. A lot of the virgin linerboard that we need for fruit and vegetables comes from International Paper, so to that degree, think of it as an extension of our integration here in North America. There is some consolidation, as you pointed out, but I think is -- we'll see how that plays out. Our business over there is a $1 billion business. And we like it; we'd like to grow it if the right opportunity arises. But we're not focused on growing our business in Western Europe, either in packaging or in paper. Our tilt is more to the east, in Russia.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then down in China, in the Sun JV, the EBIT margins there continue to be quite low despite you guys having built a lot of new modern equipment over there. I wondered if you could just talk about the sort of the year outlook for where margin should trend in China over time. And also talk about how your funding this latest machine within the JV.
John V. Faraci: Well, let me just comment on margins, and then Tom or Carol can talk about how we're funding it. I mean, the China business model is different than for just about every business we're in different in the rest of the world. The margins are lower because it's the most competitive market we're in anywhere, but the capital turnover is a lot higher. we're building capacity over there for, in some cases, less than 50% of what it would cost in Brazil or Europe or North America. We've got a great example of that. We built a paper machine in Brazil, the same time we built a coated board machine in China, and we saw the difference in the capital cost. And that's what that means is you can make good returns with lower margins. And fortunately that's the case because China is just so competitive. These markets are big and growing that margins are lower.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And would you expect those margins to improve from where they're at right now, about 4%?
John V. Faraci: The margins are better, I think, in the Bleached Board business, with 4%, maybe an aggregate. Therefore, I don't see anything changing in China to make China less competitive than it is. Every time I go there, I see more competitors.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Mark, this is Tom Kadien. What we see is coated paperboard prices in China do tend to follow pulp because there's a fair amount of nonintegrated capacity over there. Margins came under pressure in the second half of last year for that reason, as well as a lot of extra capacity coming online. So I would say, we're kind of -- we're probably a little bit past the bottom on the margin side at the Sun JV. And for the full year, we had a very good year, a double-digit ROI on the investment. And to John's point about the capital turns, they're over 3 on the JV. So the margins don't tell the whole story.
John V. Faraci: That's our new capital, so you'll be looking at capital turnover probably 0.8 here in North America. From a funding standpoint, we own 55% of that joint venture, so our partner contributed real estate and infrastructure, and we contributed cash. And we're generating cash in that business up until a point in time we had to put some -- and put the capital out to fund the project, which is roughly..
Thomas Gustave Kadien: It's under $300 million.
John V. Faraci: $300 million.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: For the whole project. And then the JV borrows the majority of the funds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of containerboard, it sounds like you are running a bit more full here in the first quarter, but if I add it up last year, there's about 380,000 tons of market-related downtime. So I guess, I'm just kind of curious how you're thinking about that flex capacity at this stage. Obviously it's upside as markets recover, but is there a point where you consider that as more of the cost-reduction opportunity, considering you have capacity creep every year through your own productivity?
Mark Stephan Sutton: So Phil, this is Mark. I think the way we think about it is this system is pretty large at International Paper, and last year as you quoted, it was 380,000 tons. When you look at the flexibility of our system and the size of it and the constant work we do to select customers across the globe, especially for the kraft linerboard, we view that as something we can do at an ongoing way. And demand as you said in North America would take a big hit out of that. But we already tried to optimize how we take the downtime, and actually, we've gotten pretty good at it in terms of doing it in the most cost-effective way.
John V. Faraci: Phil, let me just add to that. If you think about our channel access, our market access, we've got a big position in export markets. That's a 4 million-ton market. It's growing faster than North American box consumption. And that's where we're targeting our virgin linerboard. And we're more than willing to take temporary downtime because we think the U.S. market is growing over time. We are going to get back -- box demand will get back to pre-recession levels. And as Mark said, with the flexible system we have, more flexible system now, the cost of taking temporary downtime as opposed to kind of long-term downtime -- or structural downtime, is a cost that is quite low. So I think we're well advantaged to having this multiple market strategy to be able to manage through times when there's a bit of excess capacity.
Phil M. Gresh - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question is over the past 2 quarters, the domestic demand on containerboard has held up a lot better than the domestic demand for bleached board. And as the industry leader in both, I was wondering if you could share any observations as to why that might be perhaps by certain and markets or otherwise.
John V. Faraci: We've been asking ourselves that question, and we frankly we don't have a real good answer. In some inventory destocking, we think, in the bleached board business, but yet, there's no question. If you look at corrugated shipments, you look at bleached board shipments, you'd say the 2 in the fourth quarter didn't really move in the same direction. As Tom said, we're feeling more optimistic about the paperboard backlogs and shipments as we go into 2012.
Carol L. Roberts: The other observation, Phil, is if you take it over a longer period of time, they start to look closer. And the Containerboard business is just a much shorter-cycle business. So you see the changes in the supply chain. It reacts much faster because you can't store corrugated. And in the Coated Paperboard business as any of these markets, the cycle time and the supply chain is just longer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carol, I apologize if you quantified these numbers, but you had mentioned something about those true-ups in inventory adjustments that seem to benefit the fourth quarter. I was wondering if you could quantify them if you haven't.
Carol L. Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. As I stated, there's kind of buckets of those, and some of those buckets were in the $10 million to $25 million of expense range. So that kind of gives you a range. And what I'd do I'd say that we could follow up just with Glenn to see if there's any more detail in that. But I think that kind of gives you the directionality of those in the magnitude that you need.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And can you just remind us what your policy is on natural gas hedging and to what extent the recent declines may or may not flow through?
John V. Faraci: It's been pretty good shape to see the steady downdraft of natural gas hit the bottom line because, for all intents and purposes, we're just about 100% spot now. But we're hedging in the past, and we've let those hedges run off, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I think a new competitor had a favorable ruling from the IRS in terms of fuel tax credits. And I'm just wondering if you could give us an update if there's any kind of incremental potential benefit that could come to you?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, this is Carol. We also filed our amended return for the summer, and we booked a reserve against that. So the ball is kind of in the IRS court, and we're waiting on their determination. So in the meantime, we just wait and see, and I think that was -- we've disclosed that. I think it was in the $660 million range.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. I guess you're seeing OCC move up a little bit, and I'm just wondering, is that a driver -- is that being driven by, I guess, pickup in China? And maybe some insights into what you're seeing in your Chinese box business and what that might mean for OCC moving forward?
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark. That's definitely a part of it, and we expected to see that because what happened in the drop off really was a lack of Chinese demand. So we are seeing that pickup and seeing the expected rise in OCC cost.
John V. Faraci: Tom, do you want to comment on how you see box demand in China?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, we saw box demand slow down in the second half of the year, kind of mirroring everything you read about economic activity over there. On the other -- and what we didn't see, what we normally see is a bit of a buildup before Chinese New Year in inventories, and folks did not do that over in China. Now we're out of Chinese New Year now, and I think we expected it will start to pick back up again. But it was slower in the second half, more like a plus 5% then plus 10% in the box market that we have been experiencing.
John V. Faraci: Yes. We still think that China is going to grow at 5-plus percent in terms of box consumption, and it's a 40 million ton market. So those are big numbers, even though it's not the kind of numbers we're looking at maybe 2 years ago.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chip Dillon of Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: One thing that we're noticing is that depreciation and amortization seems to be coming down, which is obviously a benefit to earnings. I noticed in the quarters year-over-year, it was down $40 million, like 10%, and you're guiding to 1.2x Temple versus 1.5x in 2010. Could you give us give us a little color as to what's causing that? I guess, maybe some runoff of previous acquisition, accelerated depreciation? And sort of how we could expect that to progress with or without on a post-Temple or a pre-Temple basis?
Carol L. Roberts: Well, Chip, this is Carol. I think what you're seeing is you're seeing that depreciation is coming off from warehouse or where that's coming down. Depreciation coming down from there. You'll also see the result of the capital spending, and we've been spending less in the last few years. So I think it works itself out over time. But I don't think there's anything more extraordinary or dramatic from that, than that.
John V. Faraci: And Chip, we'll have to go through kind of the whole asset allocation issue with Temple, which probably is going to result in step up of assets, which will lead to higher depreciation again. But if you think about our capital spending, our target had been 75% depreciation over the last cycle and we're not going to be over depreciation in this coming cycle. But we'll share a bit more of that with you when we get to Investor Day.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And sort of on that score, we are seeing sort of above your average level this year, as you've guided us. And we have another player out there that just recently made a big acquisition that sort of stepped up the CapEx for a year after that closed. It seems, though, that your situation is a little different. Should we expect sort of post-Temple for your CapEx to still sort of be kind of at a peak-ish level in '12 and '13 and then likely come down a little bit, all things being equal?
John V. Faraci: Well, in '12, we got these projects we're talking about, the Franklin project, we've got the Sun project, that are expansion projects. Plus we have $200 million of cost production projects, which don't have any volume associated with them. You'll have to see how the Boiler MACT regulations get played out, but that's the wave of capital that is going to hit the industry that we haven't had in the last 5 or 6 years. And we'll quantify that for you and share with you on Investor Day. At that point in time, we'll know more.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And one last one. With the increasing corporate expense of about $75 million, is most of that tied to the pension increase? Or I'll ask it differently: is any of the pension increase going to be allocated to the segments?
Carol L. Roberts: Most of that is the pension increase, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: But some of the pension increase will also show up in the segments, is that fair?
Carol L. Roberts: No, this particular part of the expense, we keep on that corporate line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Al Kabili of Credit Suisse.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I've been bounced around calls, so I apologize if some of these have been addressed. But I guess, first is on bleached capacity in China, we're seeing a meaningful ramp, I guess, there. One, is how are you feeling about the returns on the expansion on the Sun JV. And then two, if you could talk about maybe any risk you see or addressing the risk of some of that coming into North America.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: It's Tom Kadien. Relative to the returns, our business at the Sun JV really plays in the higher-end, higher-priced, more technical grades, around food and beverage and antiseptic. And I think where we're at, where we've positioned ourselves purposely because of the excess capacity, is to move as much of our mix up there where others typically don't play. So 60% of our mix at the JV is up at the higher end. And mostly, I'll say insulated from a lot of that capacity that's coming in folding boxboard. Now that said, there's still kind of a second effect, the pressure. So we saw some of that in the second half of last year, but I think long term, we still look at the investment on PM26 as being a double-digit kind of return, and we have to work through some of this excess capacity in coated board. But the market is still growing 8% to 10% over there, and that will chew up a bunch of that pretty quickly. Relative to the impact on the U.S., I think it's relatively minor. We see some of it coming in, and I'll say in sheet form for commercial printing applications but not a lot of tons, and it shouldn't impact our business much here in the U.S. at all. I'm talking about the excess in China capacity.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could ask a question for Carol. I don't know if you could quantify the pension expense is incremental pension expense this year and also what that means. How should we be thinking about corporate expense this year?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Al. And just to clarify that, what we keep at corporate is the investment performance, and the service cost, which is much more of a flatter number, stays out of the business. And I think if you look in the appendix, I think on Page 43, there is some data or, 44, and I think the majority of the increase in the corporate item is in that pension expense, which is investment performance related.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And for 2012, how should we be thinking about corporate expense?
Carol L. Roberts: On that chart, it's $220 million.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: $220 million. Okay.
Carol L. Roberts: All that stuff is in the appendix. So there's even some more detail. And if you have any questions, of course, you can follow up with us.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I apologize, I missed it.
Carol L. Roberts: That's okay. No problem, Al.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, the final question, maybe for John. Again, I apologize if you've addressed this already. But the inventory levels and industry inventory levels in the U.S. on containerboard, how are you feeling about those and your own inventory?
John V. Faraci: I feel good about them. But I let Mark Sutton talk how he sees from his perspectives since he's running the business.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I think I would agree with John's comment. The inventory levels are in the normal range, both measured and absolute, in the number of weeks. What rise we've seen has been pretty clearly discussed as bills for outages and specific needs. So I think we feel pretty good about the overall level. Our inventories were flat in the fourth quarter. And as Carol mentioned, we do have some maintenance outages in the first 2 quarters, obviously, and we will have some bill to deal with that. And we're expecting, based on the way the weather has played out, a stronger agricultural fees, and so we want to be prepared for that to be successful there even though we have some maintenance outages.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Looking at 2011. I guess U.S. uncoated free sheet volumes were down 3% industry-wide. As you look at 2012, is there any reason to think that those volumes could be materially better or worse than 2011? And just a follow-up on the quarter, it seems like you're free sheet volumes were flat year-over-year, which I think is a little bit better than the industry. Would you give a little color there as well?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Anthony, it's Tim. Most of the third-party forecasts that I've seen for this year are showing about a 3% decline forecasted. We'll have to see what impact the election and some of the other 2012 events, how they impact the market. But we're not seeing anything dramatically different for 2012 than we saw in 2011.
John V. Faraci: One of the things is it's structural. It won't last forever, but as unemployment comes down, one of the biggest drivers of cut-size consumption, which is the biggest segment of uncoated free sheet is white-collar employment. And that's still then strictly high. And if that comes down, you would expect to see some offset to the structural decline in uncoated free sheet be offset a bit.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the containerboard side, you've had competitors that have announced or completed large projects that are going to try to move them down the cost curve. And I was wondering if you could discuss your overall cost position in North America and maybe what steps you can take. You referenced the $190 million in capital projects, the Temple integration. What steps can you take to protect your cost advantage, and just sort of how you think about that?
John V. Faraci: Well, I'd say that there's no company that's got the opportunities that International Paper has. If you think about opportunities to improve the cost structure with the Temple integration, there's $300 million there that we can see just in integration opportunities. And then as we deal with the warehouses, the whole re-optimization platform that's significantly different fast-forward in 2013 than the one we have today. So I think International Paper, because we made these opportunities for ourselves, it's got far more leverage to pull than anybody has in the world to kind of manage our own cost structure and improve it. And whether that's in Ilim, with the Bratsk project, the Temple integration, we've got a big energy project going on in Brazil that's going to make Mogi Guaçu totally non-dependent on fossil fuel. It would be all wood fiber or biomass. Those types of things we've got going on all around the world. We're just about to start up a new turbine project in Svetogorsk, which is going to significantly reduce our energy costs. So we're pulling those levers everywhere, and we got more from the pull than anybody else does.
Albert T. Kabili - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you give any kind of guidance about what portion of that $190 million would be going towards North American containerboard?
Carol L. Roberts: It's probably in -- I don't have that exact number -- this is Carol. But it's probably in the $40 million range.
Operator: Our final question will be coming from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Three clarifications. First on the black liquor question, which Gail had brought up. I believe in the case of Capstone, they basically would be reversing a liability, so there wasn't going to be any cash coming to them. I don't see that you have a liability. So in your case, if you were to get _ a similar ruling, would that actually mean that you would get cash coming to you?
Carol L. Roberts: We basically paid the taxes on the gain we got when we had the black liquor credit and therefore, we've kind of believed in the beginning that it was not taxable. But we did indeed paid the tax on it. And so now we're coming back and saying we're amending the tax return. Gee, that shouldn't have been taxed. And so how that comes back to us in the form of either refund or deferred -- another tax credit in other way, it will come back to us over time.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. Second, Carol, when you were referencing Page 36, you threw 4 items that you were truing up. You zipped through those pretty quick. It sounds like 2 of them were positive 4Q to 1Q, and 2 of them negative. Did I just hear that right?
Carol L. Roberts: I don't think you've captured that correctly, Mark. Sorry. They're all negative. They're all going in the opposite direction, in the negative direction. More costs for the startups, higher costs for the consumption of energy and fuel, and there were some positive in '11 that do not repeat in '12.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Got it. Okay. And then lastly in terms of the $300 million synergies that you reiterated. Again, I take it that that's, is that not that dependent on the specifics of the pending binding documentation with DOJ?
John V. Faraci: I'm thinking about both of those synergies are, Mark, they're related to eliminating duplication, combining 2 companies that have a lot of duplication. And the other part are, we said that having fewer box plants at the end of the day. So that's what we see as the main portion of the synergies. And based on what we've seen in Temple, because we put together an estimate, without having visited any facilities. Now we've been to all the mills. We feel very good about that $300 million number.  Okay. Well, listen. That wraps it up, and let me just summarize. I think International Paper finished a very good year. In fact, last year, we had almost 2 decades on a strong note. We're in a seasonally slow time of the year. But we're very positive about the prospects for International Paper to flow through 2012. Having said that, we're looking forward to talking to you about the Temple integration on our next conference call. So thank you.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, John. And of course, Investor Relations and Media Relations are available on the phone numbers on our website after the call. Have a good day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol L. Roberts - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Gustave Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Timothy S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President of Printing & Communications Papers Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark Stephan Sutton - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging John V. Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lori, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Glenn Landau, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Glenn Landau: Thanks, Laurie, and good morning, and thank you for joining International Paper's third quarter earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, as always, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-US GAAP financial information and a reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures will be available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the third quarter 2011 earnings press release and today's presentation slides to follow. I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. Yes, let me just start by saying we're pretty pleased, very pleased with our third quarter results. I think the $0.92 a share reflects the global balance of International Paper. Our focus businesses continue to produce strong earnings and free cash flow. Basically, it was steady volumes and a weak economic environment, stable pricing, outstanding operations, very strong contributions from our joint venture in Russia. We also set input cost escalation and achieved costs of capital returns. And if you think about our earnings, they're substantially up from the second quarter. And adjusting the third quarter 2010 for a land sale, they were up 11% relative to the third quarter of last year. This next chart here just shows what I mean about balance in the global portfolio. We had strong contributions from both our Paper and Packaging businesses. And as you can see, 30% of our operating earnings are coming from the platforms we have outside North America that have a lot of volume revenue and earnings growth in them.  EBITDA margins improved across all of our global manufacturing businesses, up strongly 300 basis points from where they were in 2010. And again, that just sets the stage for -- I think underscores International Paper's ability to perform in a challenging economic environment. So with that, it's just a brief introduction. I'll turn it over to Tim to go through the businesses.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 7, and I wanted to start out by saying that we had, as John said, really strong results in the quarter in what's been a difficult environment. The third quarter of last year has been adjusted for the land sale. You can see revenue is up nearly 2% versus same time last year. Margins continue to remain very solid and cash has been strong, up from the second quarter and very close to the third quarter of last year, even with $130 million more in capital investment in the third quarter of this year than last year. Cash balance grew from the end of last quarter this quarter by another $300 million. If you look at the second quarter versus third quarter earnings performance, a strong quarter in a tough environment, price and volume basically flat despite the weak backdrop. Volume was weaker earlier in the quarter and then showed some improvement as we moved toward the end of the quarter. Operations continued to improve after a very strong performance in the second quarter, so the facilities are running extremely well at the moment. We did have a lighter maintenance outage schedule but we executed it extremely well. And the tax rate was slightly lower because of a couple of discrete items in the quarter that won't repeat in the fourth quarter.  Just turning to our year-over-year performance, and I think this is a real story of improvement. If you take out the land sales from last year, $0.83 versus the $0.92 that John mentioned, price offset softer volume. And really, as I mentioned on the operations, operations and cost management have completely offset the higher input costs that we faced year-over-year. Lower interest and taxes, along with another quarter of really strong results from Ilim added headroom.  If you look at the next slide, I think what's even more impressive are the year-to-date results from continuing operations: top line growth of 7%, EBIT growth up 56%, a doubling of EPS and a 50% improvement in cash provided by operations. And if you look at the cash balancing, again, these numbers from last year have been adjusted for land sales, but $1.2 billion in cash last year and up to $2.7 billion this year, 125% improvement. Of course, the building of cash, in part, because we're looking to bring cash to the Temple close.  So all of that, what it's meant is 5 quarters now of really strong improvement in terms of earnings, starting in the third quarter of last year. And we've put together 5 quarters that are really in the cost of capital zone and feel good about where we are as we go into the fourth quarter and 2012.  So now let me turn back to the quarter itself. Input costs, the increases have moderated. In most categories, we did see the exception in OCC during the quarter, but in most other categories, chemicals or energies, we saw smaller increases than we've seen in previous quarters and that was not only here in North America but in other parts of the world. But because of the OCC, nearly 2/3 of the increase in the quarter was felt in Industrial Packaging.  So now, I'll turn to the segments and start with Industrial Packaging. Even with that increase, it posted another strong quarter with EBIT moving from $269 million to $301 million in the quarter. North American prices were relatively stable in the quarter. We did see a little bit of erosion in export Containerboard. Volume was down slightly, and I think it is a slight decrease, and it was roughly split half in North America where we saw a slight decrease in box shipments and a slight decrease in domestic Containerboard shipments. And the other half was in Europe where the third quarter is seasonally a weaker quarter in Europe. we've seen a little bit of softness in the Industrial segment, but fruit and vegetable continues to perform well.  The third quarter's earnings were favorably impacted by the lower mill outage scheduled. But as I mentioned, we executed that very well. And it was also impacted by the avoidance of the Vicksburg charge that we had in the second quarter, although I would say that there's still some small residual supply-chain cost impacts as we tried to recover from that downtime and get product back in the right places. And then as I mentioned, the OCC costs were up, and that was about $14 million of the negative impact in input costs. So another quarter, IPG posted the highest margin in the industry again this quarter, and it has for the entire year, as well as 8 out of the last 11 quarters. On a sequential basis, quarter-on-quarter, we added 200 basis points by executing well and taking advantage of the lighter maintenance schedule, and the spread between competition in the quarter was 280 basis points. That's the largest we've had in over 2 years.  Turning to Consumer. Consumer Packaging had another very good quarter, a string of quarters that they're putting together now. On steady volume, improved price realizations associated with the pass-through of previous announcements. Operational performance was down slightly in the quarter, but again, off of a very strong second quarter, so they continue to perform at a very high level. And this business also benefited from the lighter maintenance outage schedule.  If you turn the slide to the next one, just to highlight where some of this operating performance is coming from, it's really being driven in significant part by outstanding manufacturing and supply-chain performance. You can see that this year, we've generated $30 million of cash cost savings. That's roughly $20 a ton in the manufacturing operations, and it's coming from improved reliability and energy usage, better uptime availability, and basically, just running a more consistent manufacturing operation. The supply chain improvements are really -- all the metrics are moving in the right direction as you can see on the slide. And the result is we're generating nearly $1 million a month of savings. So the business is operating very well, the key levers that it can control. What that's resulted in is business results that are continuing to be strong and consistent, and in the cost of capital zone now for the last 5 quarters. And year-to-date the business has earned 75% more in the first 3 quarters of this year than in all of 2012.  Additionally, our North American Coated Paperboard business is realizing the benefits on the commercial side from our Foodservice business. It's not a business that we highlight very often, but just sharing some history here, if you look at the next slide, Foodservice basically makes paper cups and food containers. And the business sources roughly 100% of its board from the North American business. We saw a significant decrease in demand during the economic crisis, but this year, the business is on pace to return to prerecession volume levels. And it's doing it, really, on innovative products like the ecotainer and the Hold&Go hot beverage cup. So with those products, margins are up. Year-to-date, margins are up 250 basis points from the low of 2008, it's up 60 basis points year-over-year, and now higher than what we had before the economic crisis.  Printing papers, a great quarter. We had exceptionally good quarter in North America. Our operations in Europe were basically flat quarter-on-quarter. Brazil was roughly flat quarter-on-quarter, mostly because of seasonality and how the seasons slow in those 2 businesses. North America really lifted results by posting strong manufacturing operations.  Now turn to xpedx. And while year-over-year revenue is down, clearly, we saw xpedx bounce back in the quarter, nearly doubling its earnings on a seasonal demand lift and good volumes around printing and packaging quarter-on-quarter.  And if you look at the next slide, you'll see really we are getting some help from the market, but we're also seeing the beginnings of the benefits from the strategy implementation that Mary took you through a quarter or so ago. Average daily in shipping rates on printing were up 8% on strong seasonal rebound in the publishing grades. We've also been managing our costs effectively and have good realization of S&A costs and headcount reductions, with headcount being down 7% year-to-date. So we think the strategy is starting to take hold. And as we promised, Mary will be back at the end of the fourth quarter to update you on the strategy and how the implementation is going.  Now turning to Ilim. Another strong quarter from the Ilim Joint Venture. And just as a reminder, it's their second quarter, our third quarter as we continue to report on the lag. So in their second quarter, prices were higher for both pulp and Containerboard. We did see lower volumes and we had higher outage costs than input costs in the quarter. We did receive another dividend in the quarter. It's our second dividend from the joint venture this year, and it brings our total cumulative dividends to $234 million since the beginnings of the joint venture. So we've roughly recovered a little bit more than 1/3 of the original investment through dividends. One item that I would note about what will be our fourth quarter, the joint venture's third quarter, we did see a significant weakening in the quarter of the ruble. And because the joint venture has dollar denominated debt, it had to mark that to market. And so we'll see about a $50 million charge in their third quarter, our fourth quarter reported. It's a non-cash charge and we really like the movement in the ruble as it weakens because it makes the business more competitive and enhances margins over time.  Just an update on capital expansion. A couple of pictures here. One from the Bratsk Mill where we're putting in the new pulp line, and see the digester coming out of the ground there. And right now, we're still on track for a startup in 2012. Again, as a reminder, this is about a $700 million project, so its projected return is above 20%. The other picture you see is from the Koryazhma Mill and it's for uncoated freesheet capacity. Although we will also have an opportunity to become the first producer of coated paper in Russia by putting, installing a coder at the end of the line. This also is scheduled for 2012 startup. And again, nearly $300 million in capital being invested with a greater than 20% return. So we've talked about this for a few quarters now. I thought it'd be interesting for people to see that there's structure coming out of the ground at this point.  So just summarizing third quarter, I think John covered this is at the beginning, but we do feel very good about a very strong quarter in the third quarter. The global balance is paying off and will continue to pay off as we go through the balance of this year and into next year. Volumes pricing steady, we continue to operate our facilities extremely well and manage costs tightly. The strong contribution from Ilim that I mentioned will decrease in the fourth quarter because of the non-cash currency charge, but in terms of their operating performance, they continue to operate very well. So again, 5 quarters now in the cost of capital zone and we feel good about where we are. Even though inputs are up, we're managing so far to offset them with our cost management and operating capabilities.  And if you look at the last slide, just showing you ROI. So far year-to-date we are at 8%. In the quarter, we are actually over 9%. So we feel very good about posting a cost of capital results for 2011. With that, I'll turn it back over to John for the outlook.
John V. Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Tim. I'm on Page 26 for those of you who are following along with the slides. The fourth quarter outlook, and what this says when you look at it is volume is going to be seasonally slower. It always is as we get into the fourth quarter. We've got more maintenance outages. More of the same in terms of the overall economic environment. Pricing looks to be stable with the exception of lower pulp prices, which had been occurring over the last several quarters. As Tim said, we've got the currency hit of $55 million because of the 12% weakening of the ruble. We're also going to start incur some start up costs as we get ready to complete the project in Franklin, Virginia, which is going to convert that mill into a pulp line. But I think, more importantly, looking beyond the normal seasonal slowdown in the fourth quarter, I'm very positive that International Paper going into 2012 for a number of reasons. We've got India, which Tom Kadien we'll talk about in a minute. That is coming online. We've got major investments in Russia that Tim talked about. And remember, those are being financed off the Ilim balance sheet, not by International Paper but by the joint venture that will begin to contribute to results toward the end of next year. And we've got the, importantly, Temple coming on either late this year, early next year, which is going to significantly contribute to our ability to further take costs out of our important North American Industrial Packaging business. So all in, well the fourth quarter is going to be the usual kind of fourth quarter, and the economic environment is more the same. We're very positive at thinking about International Paper as we end this year and go into next year. So Tom Kadien, do you want to give everybody an update in India?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Sure, John, thanks. We closed on our transaction on October 14, and we're now owner of 75% of the shares of Andhra paper company. We had day-one activities with employees at both mills, with government officials, with over 200 of the tree farmers that supplies fiber to the mill, and reactions have been really good thus far. We're in the process of establishing governance over the company. We have a team of IP folks on the ground in Hyderabad since July, really, led by Paul Brown, who's one of our most experienced global executives. We have integration plans that are at full tilt right now in finance and capital buildout plans, manufacturing excellence, as well as IT, forestry, environment health, safety and compliance. In their most recent quarter, or last quarter, APPM had a good quarter. Revenue is growing 10%, and as we look forward to '12, we think we're looking for double-digit increases in tons, earnings, and we feel like we've got a lot of runway in front of us. Some of you have asked Glenn about the dispute, I guess, over the non-compete fee and $25 million that's held in escrow right now. There is a date set of November 16 with the Securities Appellate Tribunal that'll make that decision. And again, our advisors think that we are on strong ground and it'll go in our favor. That said, in India, nothing happens quite as scheduled. So we're hoping it comes off on November 16. And then I guess the last thing, we're still evaluating when we're going to report out on results and how we can sync that up. And you'll hear more about that on future calls.
John V. Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Tom. Let me just give you a quick update on where we are with Temple. We continued to move forward to a closing date. We think that it's likely to be towards the end of the year or early in 2012. Two gates remain, regulatory approval and a final vote by Temple shareowners. And they've refiled their proxy based on the comments they get back from the initial filing. Our internal integration steering teams are working on postclosing plans. And with the leadership and management of this integration are an experienced and capable bunch of IT people, they know what to do and we're getting good cooperation from Temple. So this chart just shows you on the top the regulatory timeframe and on the bottom, the merger timeframe.  Before we open up to your questions, I'd just like to make a couple of comments on the people moves we announced this week. We have a very strong and deep and [ph] capable management team at International Paper. And I think our results over the last several years, going through the Transformation Plan, coming out of it, managing through the downturn and now the slow recovery demonstrates that. These moves are really the result of a lot of discussion, a lot of thought on my part, and making them now gets us ready for 2012 and beyond. So I've got absolute confidence that going forward, what you're going to see from International Paper is IP-style execution and IP-style results. So with that, why don't we just open it up for questions?
Glenn Landau: Okay, John. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was a little curious about the comments about demand actually getting stronger towards the end of the quarter. That's a little bit in contrast what we've heard from some other companies. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the demand environment? And also maybe specifically, touch on the exports on the Containerboard front?
John V. Faraci: Carol, you want to comment on that?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, and I guess stronger, it's all around the expectations of what you're expecting them to be. And so I think what I would say is boxed demand continues to move sideways. And relative to some of the headlines and the bad news you read, that's actually pretty good news. So I feel like boxed demand's pretty stable and that continued, really, through the quarter and into October for us.
John V. Faraci: How's October looking?
Carol L. Roberts: October's looking okay, relative to the -- well, we're almost done the month. Compared to last year, it's looking reasonable. And sequentially, from September, it's down slightly but you would expect that seasonally. So October box demand is continuing to hold, and I feel pretty good about that. Relative to exports, the export market has got a combination of 2 things going on. In the export market, I mean, there has been some slowdown in boxed demand in some of these markets. That's combined with the pipe for exports. It's kind of along pipe, so orders get placed and it takes 2, 3 months for them to get there. So that, combined with some extra supply that's hitting those markets, has caused a little deterioration in pricing, but I think that's just a temporary supply chain activity and I don't see any real decline in demand in the export markets through time.
John V. Faraci: Mark, would you make a comment on Printing Papers?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I'd be happy to. So for North American Printing Papers, in the third quarter, we saw demand relatively stable. The published data says the market's down a little over 3% year-over-year. But the combination of some capacity shuts and some temporary interruptions that occurred early in the year. With exports up and imports down, it's been pretty well imbalanced.
John V. Faraci: I guess, Gail, overall, we don't see -- things definitely in the second half of the year got a little weaker relative to the first half from a macro standpoint, and that showed up in our businesses. But from here, it just seems like more of the same.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Mark, can you talk a little bit about on kind of appreciated [ph] pricing? There's been an awful lot of noise in some of the trade press, and it doesn't seem to be showing up in your numbers, and I'm just wondering if you're experiencing any of the weaknesses that's being reported?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes. We have seen a pretty stable pricing environment. Pricing announcements went out earlier in the year, and depending on the grade, the channel and the customer, there's all kinds of different realizations schedules. But we've seen pretty stable pricing on the paper side.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. Can you talk a little bit about interest expense? You continue to be guiding towards the pickup, and it's not showing through. Has there been something unusual going on this year? Is there any real reason to think it is going to pick up? And maybe also, can you just give an update on potential financing costs just associated with the Temple deal?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. I mean, I'll start there. We've talked about it for a couple of quarters now. It moves around. But with 10-year money, it looks like it's roughly 5.3% to 5.5%, and 30 years probably going to be 6.7%, 6.8% to 7% but it's so volatile right now, it's changing day-to-day. And we have seen base rates move up a little bit, of course, and credit spreads tightening a little bit. So on interest expense, we did benefit a little bit. We were able to put some swaps on and we saw a little bit of benefit from our floating debt. But you've seen 3 quarters now, I don't expect it to be dramatically different in the fourth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just 2 things. Ilim has actually been in the news quite a bit lately over in Russia, and recently they've been highlighting their Containerboard performance. You've talked about Russia as an attractive place to potentially expand Containerboard to. I'm curious if that's still your opinion? That's the first question. And second question, is there anything changing in your outlook for capital spending x Temple as you start thinking about 2012 in this new economic environment?
John V. Faraci: Well, we like Containerboard in Russia. In Siberia, we're going to make less containerboard and make more pulp. That's what the Bratsk expansion is all about. But we continue to make containerboard in Kotlas and the Russian packaging market is growing. So that's a business that you'll see us continue to try to take advantage of our low cost position in Russia. On the capital side, I think we've outlined what our capital spending plans over the site will be, about $1 billion a year. We've been well under that for a couple of years. We're likely to be able to over that as we go into 2012, because we've got the paper machine in China that we're building. But roughly, over the 5-year period we talked about a couple of years ago, our capital spending when we get to the end of the day will still be about $1 billion a year. But we'll be a little bit over that next year.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're not pulling back any of your spending plans at this point given economics?
John V. Faraci: No. I mean, our spending plans, we're generating a lot of cash, our spending plans in North America are aimed at taking costs out of the system. And very selectively, around the world, we're adding capacity or modernizing capacity where markets are growing. And it's generating a lot of cash and we're going to use it in a balanced away.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Atkinson of Bank of Montréal.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: First of all, really wanted to thank Tim for all his time spent. It was much appreciated. In terms of the -- what I was looking at, in terms of China where I'm reading about slowdowns and so on, can you talk about where you're at in terms of your Bleached Board business and your box converting business?
John V. Faraci: Tom, do you want to comment on China?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Sure. Steve, we have seen a slowdown in China, from 10% growth to 9% growth or 8% growth. The box business has slowed down but we still -- we're growing our box business. I think in the third quarter we were up 4% or 5% on volume year-over-year. And there's a lot of price on that year-over-year as well. And in our joint venture with Sun on Coated Paperboard, we really haven't seen a slowdown manifest itself in volumes at all. There is some pricing pressure because of the pulp prices that are coming down in the market, and we're nonintegrated and that kind of rattles around the market. But we remain fully sold-out on the coated board side. And we're actually having a very good year. We've got cost of capital returns so far year-to-date. Our new machine were under construction, as John said, and we expect to start that up in the fourth quarter next year.
John V. Faraci: It's interesting, people talk about slowdown in China. It is slowing, but 8% growth on a $5 trillion economy is the same as 10% growth on a $4 trillion economy. So I think we need to remember that the Chinese economy has been growing at a very large rate. The economy is getting bigger so the aggregate growth in GDP is still significant, which is what we're seeing.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And in terms of India, I know you're just starting. Are you able to talk about the paper business in India?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Sure. The Andhra Pradesh is an uncoated freesheet company. On the slide you see the Rajahmundry mill is integrated. And then the other mill, the coastal mill, has recycled lines and makes recycled papers. The market over there has been growing 10% to 15%, probably cut-sized, it's growing at 15% a year. We think that we can continue to grow with that market. It's a huge country, 1.2 billion people. The government's committed to educating folks and a lot of them don't have access to electricity. So we think the uncoated freesheet future is very good over there, and we've got a great position with the foreign forestry program in the state of Andhra Pradesh, where most of the fiber in the country lies. So we're pretty bullish about that, but it's also -- we're 2 weeks into this, so we have a lot of work to go. But it's a great market with, I think, a strong future.
John V. Faraci: Yes, we look at India from a paper and packaging standpoint, it's probably where China was 10 to 15 years ago. And one of the really interesting things about Andhra Pradesh is India, like China, is going to be a net fiber importer, probably for as far as we can see. But Andhra Pradesh Paper's got not the only but one of the few successful foreign forestry programs, which gives us a real advantage over import of pulp. And as we build out that program, we'll be able to take advantage of that.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. So I expect in the near term, you're going to optimize the existing production and that's why you are able to get a double-digit growth in production and then down the road, work on, shall we say, the integration?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, that's right. The market's growing double digits. So we certainly think we can optimize the existing manufacturing operations. There's a lot of talented folks over there, but they're not quite sure what excellence looks like in manufacturing, and we're pretty confident we can show them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions here. First, you mentioned that the mills ran well and certainly the operating performance was better than we were forecasting. Congratulations on that. You are taking more maintenance downtime this quarter. I don't know if you have a beat on that yet, but so far how is it progressing? Any unforeseen issues? Or are things progressing fairly smoothly there?
John V. Faraci: Well, I'd say overall, outage execution continues to be very good. And International Paper's got over 30 mills around the world, and we intensely plan for these outages. We track the costs, the time we're down, the work to get completed and the ramp-up. And we spend close to $400 million in maintenance outages a year. So a 10% shortfall, a 10% improvement on getting the work done in the time and at the cost level makes a big difference.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And John, aside from the planning and maybe this isn't the reason, but what do you think IP does differently than other companies, if anything at all, in terms of planning in the maintenance outages?
John V. Faraci: We invest in technologies and engineering, we call it the improve organization. And as we've brought some other paper and packaging companies into IP, most of them have what we call a run organization. They have people that run the mills and they do that very well to the best of their abilities. We also think it makes sense to spend some money, and we'll make more money by having resources that really go around the world with just -- some are in India right now and are already helping, as Tom said, on Andhra Paper that are early subject matter experts and can work on the improved side of the business, as well as the run side. So when you put those 2 together, a capability to run very well, but also an experience and people that can plan for improvement, I think you get the best of both worlds and something that International Paper, frankly, does better than a lot, if not all of our competitors because we invest in it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two last questions. Again, the on same theme, you've done a wonderful job over the last number of years in improving performance in uncoated freesheet and the Printing-Writing Papers segment overall. Obviously, demand has been a headwind at times. We've talked about that in our research. Do you feel that if you have to manage the manufacturing footprint yet again at some point in the next few years, that paper machine or mill might be the straw that alters the camel's back and perhaps leads to a lower profit per ton on a going forward basis, because whatever logistical or other issue that would arise from that? Or do you feel pretty comfortable about being able to manage the capacity, and at the same time, managing the profitability trend where it is right now?
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark. That's a tough question to answer, obviously, because you really are speculating about what you might do in the future. But I think at a high-level, we found a way to change our footprint in the past where in some cases, costs temporarily go up. And using our supply-chain tools and some other operating tactics, we've been able to mitigate a lot of that. And I feel like we can probably do that again. Our mills are where they are, and our customers are where they are. And there's not a dramatic geographic change that would happen if we had to take additional capacity out.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, last question. On the mills -- or let me back up. In Containerboard in North America, in particular, where do you feel you have more opportunity to improve returns from here, on the mill side or on the converting side?
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. George, this is Carol. I think there's opportunity on both sides of that business. And the mills, the key to getting superior results is you've got to have a low-cost system for a competitive advantage. I mean, you can't just be low cost but you have to be lower, and so we continually work. And the great news for us is we've got a good fleet of mills with options to make it better. And I'm very hopeful, post Temple-Inland we'll have even more opportunities there. That said, we sell boxes and the box business is very important. In the box business, you've to be good. My sports analogy's both sides of the ball. You've got to have low-cost, box plants that do whatever they're going to do well. And so we call that competitive and profitable box. So you've got to have these facilities that do the job well effectively, better than the competition, but at the same time you've got to sell it effectively. And that means you're getting paid for the value you bring. So we really believe there's opportunity on both sides, and clearly we're excited after Temple-Inland, we'll have more opportunity to drive more cost out of the business and make it even stronger.
John V. Faraci: Yes. I would just add, there's another area where we've got a lot of runway that frankly our competition doesn't have because they don't have the Temple opportunity, and that's on the procurement side. OCC, we've gotten really good at OCC procurement because Weyerhaeuser bought us the capability we didn't have. We already wood fiber opportunities with Temple. And then again on transportation, we've got a huge logistics system shipping containing containerboard to box plants and boxes to customers. We've got a lot of savings out of Weyerhaeuser and over time, we'll reload that system and we'll flush out more supply-chain savings as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the uncoated freesheet side, I had a question on the Brazilian market. You've seen some strengthening in the real, which I guess makes the market more attractive for importers and you saw some domestic price erosion in the quarter. And I think some local producers have talked about this year maybe being a tougher comp year because, I guess, they had an election last year. I was wondering if you could just kind of give us some color on the current state of the market in Brazil and sort of what you're seeing in October?
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, this is Mark. Yes, I think your summary is pretty accurate. The market is actually up demand-wise in a decent way. Cut-sized much better than offset. However, given the currency changes and just the sort of global price levels, the market has attracted more imports and that's eaten up some of the growth. So the local producers aren't enjoying all of the growth that they might have had a couple of years ago. But I think the market's still very healthy and strong, and we view it very positively. And we are looking at a fourth quarter that's going to be what we expect seasonally. So far, I think we're pretty pleased with the overall development. It's naive to think a market that's growing like that is never going to attract an import, so we try to plan for that in our thinking.
Timothy S. Nicholls: We did see currency move in our direction during the quarter, Anthony. I mean, if memory serves, roughly around the beginning of August, the real was trading in the mid $1.50s and it weakened almost all the way to $1.90 before carving some back. So that was some help.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, you got some movement that way.
John V. Faraci: Our synergy in Brazil is not just a Brazilian one, it's a regional one. I mean, we really have a great footprint in Brazil, but we can serve the region more cost effectively than anybody else in the region can. So if you look at Brazil by far and ways, the biggest market in the region, obviously. But our strategy down there is to build a leading position in all of the markets and supply those markets out of Brazil. And if you think about the World Cup being in Brazil and the Olympics being in Brazil, there's going to be a lot of activity over and above elections for the next several years.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Yes, that's very helpful. And then maybe switching gears and following up on Mark's question on Ilim, does it make sense for Bratsk to maybe expand its footprint into fluff and sell fluff into China? And maybe what are the potentials there over the near midterm?
John V. Faraci: This is a trial that Ilim is experimenting with. I'd say we're a long way from having a commercial operation of fluff pulp in that part of the world. If we end up there, that'll be a good outcome, because we'll be right on the doorstep of the biggest tissue market in the world. So that'll be a good outcome for International Paper. But I'd say it's really early days, and if we can make good quality fluff at large, that will be a real breakthrough.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that's something that would be maybe years away?
John V. Faraci: Yes, that's down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon: When you look at the situation in some of the emerging markets, I mean China for one, we've heard about one of the big board producers, and I know you've got a big presence with the SCA box plants deferring some of their capacity expansions. We're also hearing rumblings in Latin America that some of the pulp projects might be pushed out, too, all because of financial strains. And without naming names, are your people on the ground getting more evidence that some of the board in China and pulp in Latin American capacity might be pushed out or even postponed indefinitely?
John V. Faraci: Well, let me just make an overall comment and then Tom Kadien can chime in on China. I think as global growth slows, the stretching out of capacity additions is a logical thing for companies to do, especially ones that had capacity plans in excess of market growth. So if you remember a number of years ago, when all this pulp capacity is getting out in Latin America and everybody was worried about where it was going to go. And China growing at the rate it is, having a fiber deficit, basically took most of that capacity up in a shorter period of time. But global growth outlook is not going negative but it's slowing, and I think people adjust their capacity plans accordingly. And Tom, would you want to comment about what we're seeing in China?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, Chip, clearly, we read and we buy from some of the folks who've slowed up the capacity expansions. I think as a buyer of recycled containerboard over there, I don't think their slowing regional capacity is going to impact the market that much. I mean frankly, the biggest suppliers over there have been taking downtime and slowed back for quite a while. I mean, there has been excess capacity in containerboard, but they're managing supply and demand pretty well. So I think what we're more sensitive to when we've seen a little bit of price coming down in the recycled containerboard is the OCC price when it goes into China. And that's probably -- has more impact on pricing of containerboard in China than on the machine slowback, although certainly, that's probably a good thing for the market overall.
Chip A. Dillon: Got you. Okay. And then shifting gears, it may be a little early, and I'm not sure if this is for Tim or Carol, I'll let you guys decide. But you all had entered 2009, as you know, with I think something like a $7 share underfunded pension position, and you'd done a lot of hard work on getting that down. And I guess given that the long-term corporate rates are down a bit, and hopefully this market keeps going up on the asset side, but any early look as to how you think the funded position might look at year-end, and what your change in the expense will be for next year? And if you cover that, I apologize you're dueling calls here.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: No, no, no, we haven't covered it. So I mean basically, we'll update all of those with harder numbers when we report fourth quarter. But I mean you've seen the volatility both on the asset side and on the interest rate side. And so if we market today, we would have a larger gap than we had at the beginning of the year, and I don't think that's a big surprise to anyone. It's still manageable and we still feel very confident about how we're managing our pension assets. And we'll update you in the fourth quarter, but you can -- I think it's pretty reasonable to assume that there will be -- not to the degree we did last year with the $1.2 billion contribution that we made, but there'll be additional contributions on a smaller scale that'll get made over time.
Chip A. Dillon: After the first of the year is what you're saying, right?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Potentially, yes.
Chip A. Dillon: Okay. Got you. And then the last one. Just so we're all in the same page, you mentioned the Ilim charge because of the currency, the ruble, is that something that when you report you'll count as a special item? Or is that something that will kind of flow through as a normal item?
Mark Stephan Sutton: No, it'll flow through as a normal item.
Chip A. Dillon: Got you.
John V. Faraci: The flagship will get the -- will also flow through as normal item is the benefit of that as we sell pulp in U.S. dollars going forward.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. I mean we don't -- the joint venture, and it would really be for the joint venture to do, they don't really hedge currency because there is a natural hedge in terms of the dollar denominated sales that John just mentioned. So you get some of these short-term dislocations in terms of currency movements. But longer term, we like a weaker ruble because of the margin benefit.
Chip A. Dillon: And just to be -- so we're on the right path, obviously, you're reporting the operations on a one quarter lag. Does the adjustment for the currency also happen on a one quarter lag or is that more concurrent?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: It does. That's why I was pointing it out. It actually happened in their third quarter, which will be reported on our fourth.
Chip A. Dillon: Got you.
John V. Faraci: We know what the number is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: First, just quickly following up on the currency in Ilim. But presumably, after you see that hit in the fourth quarter, that essentially goes away? And so essentially, the Ilim report earnings would then be up by that $55 million the next quarter, is that the way to think of it?
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Well, you wouldn't have the $55 million -- assuming no movement, you wouldn't have that charge. That's right.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right. Okay. And I know it's kind of petty, but is that an after-tax -- the $55 million, is that the way you're going to run it through your -- the P&L or...
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Right. Because we report it on an equity accounting basis. So, yes.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, you're talking a little bit about OCC waste paper. Where are those costs now and do you have any insights as to where they look like they're trending through the balance of the quarter?
Carol L. Roberts: Mark, this is Carol. Yes, they're trending down some, and I really think that's a result probably less of the U.S. phenomenon because as we look at operating rates at U.S. mills, they've been running fairly strong. And although the OCC mills are going to be the higher-cost mills so there'll be some pulling back of OCC there. I really think it's probably more of a China effect of just slowing down of a point in time. So they are trending down some. Boy, if I could predict OCC prices out 3, 4 months, that would be a great crystal ball. I don't have that. But I do think they're trending down, and we'll just see where they go.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And can you guys say where are they today versus say the third quarter average?
Carol L. Roberts: I would probably not comment on it today because folks are going to publish in a few days and I might get it wrong because it's unclear. But I would say that it's going to definitely move down from October to November.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wonder if we could go back to Brazil for a minute or 2. I think that you've got that decision to make on the second machine down there, at some point. I wondered if you could just update us on that, particularly in light of the strength of the currency down there. And then also talk to us about any plans or thoughts about being in the Packaging business in Brazil or elsewhere in Latin America?
John V. Faraci: Well, I'll let Mark Sutton talk about the second paper machine, and then I will just comment about packaging markets.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, we have a couple of years before we have to make the final decision on that additional capacity. And obviously, the way we're thinking about that is based on market growth and the other dynamics on how that market's served if we need the additional capacity for not only Brazil, as John said earlier, but for the greater Latin American region, that would be an attractive thing for us to do. But we do have a little more time on that and we're monitoring the market. The currency is obviously a factor, but we would make a decision like that obviously for the long-term.
John V. Faraci: And I think that's the important point, Mark, as Mark Sutton said about the long term. This would be a 20-year investment, so you don't want to make it just on the spot currency at a point in time and currency in Brazil then from $1.50 to $3. None of them are smart enough to figure out what it's going to be in 2025, but the investment we make will be around in 2025. So we could be dealing with that, as the time comes. From our packaging perspective, we will have a stronger packaging presence in Latin America with Mexico. We've got one box plant in Chile. We like to be in the packaging business, both in bleached and unbleached packaging in Latin America, and if the right opportunity against all that valuation and create value for International Paper, we'll consider it. If it's not the right valuation, it's a place in the world we'd like to be but won't be.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And John, can we just -- with what Tom Kadien is working on now in India, you've kind of -- you're hitting all the bricks at this point. And I wondered if you could just give us thoughts on how you'll allocate capital in all of those different countries? And then when we think about your CapEx budget, how much of that is really going to be focused, just in ballpark terms, in the U.S. and Western Europe? And how much of it will be allocated to some of the emerging markets that you're in?
John V. Faraci: Well, that's a very good question, and I think we've talked about a balanced allocation of cash and that includes our approach to CapEx and we're going to continue the balanced allocation of cash. Cashback to shareowners, cash reinvested in our existing business, a strong balance sheet and selectively reinvesting. Russia is a great example of being able to do that aggressively on -- not on IP's balance sheet, but on the joint ventures which have got that capacity. India, we're going to need to get in there and figure out how to grow with the market, both in paper and packaging. And we're going to continue to spend only on cost reduction in North America. And on regulatory capital, we've got some of that coming down the pipe with Willamette. So we are going to force -- there's going to continue to be capitalizing in IP and we're going to skew the capital to where we think the strategic investment's ought to be made, but we'll keep our North American -- the right assets in North America competitive and modern, and I think we've been able to do that with this $1 billion spending over the last couple of years and going forward for the next couple on average. With Temple, we've got a little more capital spending, so we'll be updating you on kind of the next 5 years how you should think about CapEx relative to depreciation. But in some places of the world, it'll be a lot higher, in some places of the world, it'll be a lot lower. Okay. Well, listen, let me just wrap it up by saying International Paper's pretty pleased about the fourth quarter. It was on flat revenues. It was -- third quarter, rather, quite strong relative to where it had been. And we're pretty positive, I'd say, quite positive how we're looking at it in 2012 even though the macro environment kind of feels to us like it's going to be more of the same. But with what we have on our plate, we think International Paper's best days are still ahead of us. So thanks for tuning in on the call, we'll talk to you next quarter
Operator: Thank you for participating in the International Paper's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Glenn Landau - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy Nicholls - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Chip Dillon - Citigroup Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Misty, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Glenn Landau, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Glenn Landau: Thank you, Misty. Good morning and thank you for joining International Paper's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2011 earnings press release and today's presentation slides.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Faraci.
John Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for calling in. What we're going to do from here is, as we typically do, Tim and I will summarize the quarter and then we'll take questions on the quarter. Then, I'll make a couple of comments on the Temple acquisition proposal, and if we have time we'll take a couple of questions on that. So we'll do it in that order.  So let me just start off talking about the second quarter. International Paper had a very strong second quarter in a recovering but obviously not fully-recovered economic environment here in North America. Our results were driven by a couple of things: a balanced segment and global portfolio of businesses around the world; very strong contributions from Printing Papers in North America, Coated Paperboard in North America and the Ilim Joint Venture; really outstanding operations and cost management that's continuing; good maintenance outage execution during the quarter; some seasonal improvement in demand and we offset significant input costs escalation that Tim will talk about.  This next chart here just shows you the segment and global portfolio balance. It's part of International Paper's business platform today. As you can see on the left, the good balance in terms of where the earnings came from by segment and on the right, good balance in terms of where the earnings came from by geography.  Turning to the financial snapshot page, strong revenue growth, revenues up 8%. EBITDA, over $900 million in the quarter, up 16% from the second quarter of last year, a run rate of $3.6 billion. Our free cash flow, amazingly, exactly equal to the first quarter but I would say that, that also has $40 million of additional capital spending in the second quarter. So our free cash flow is actually up around 10%, if you normalize for capital spending during the quarter.  Really, if you look at this next slide here, which is the EPS over the last, really, 10 years, you can see there's a step change in our EPS performance. That’s just the result of the transformation plan. The 2009 period you're looking at there is the global recession, that is now in the rearview mirror. But importantly, our earnings over the last 4 or 5 quarters are not from land sales as they were in the prior years. So they were really operating earnings from our businesses and as you can see, we've achieved here on the step change in terms of the capability of International Paper to generate earnings and free cash flow and we think there's more left on the runway as we go forward. In terms of return on capital, 8% return -- over an 8% return on capital over the last 4 quarters into the cost of capital zone, which is important in terms of one of our key metrics.  So with that, let me turn it over to Tim to summarize the quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. As John said, we did have very strong performance in the second quarter. Volume contributed $0.08 to the change in results from the first quarter. And I would say that while volume here in North America is really moving sideways, and we'll talk about that a little bit in more detail as we go through the slide deck, in other parts of the world, we're continuing to see growth, whether it's Russia or various parts of Asia. So volume, price, strong operations and a great results from Ilim, more than offset the heavy maintenance outage schedule, the heaviest of the year in the second quarter and the impact of the Vicksburg's flood, which cost us about $20 million. Input costs were up in the quarter, $31 million, in line with expectations, about 75% of that in North America and 25% in Europe, which has been kind of a theme this year and it's really fiber and energy costs in Europe. All the businesses, industrial and consumer packaging and printing papers, also higher costs. So let me turn to the segments now, I'll start with Printing Papers. And Printing Papers, I thought, just had an excellent quarter. We've got a business in North America for the first half. It's running at a 14% of return on investment. EMEA, first half running at a 17% ROI. But in the quarter, pricing was up across all regions. Operations were really outstanding, big improvement over the first quarter in all regions but especially strong in North America and really good cost management. We did have the IR outages that I mentioned that was mainly in Europe and Brazil, and we had really good execution around all of those. We did have one issue at the Svetogorsk mill in Russia, where we found some things that required us to take a little bit more time and spend a little bit more money, probably cost us about $7 million in the quarter.  Let me turn to Industrial Packaging now. And I thought Industrial Packaging, again, had a good quarter, still running at a 9% return on investment. Box price was mostly flat, down about $5 quarter-on-quarter. Volume was seasonally stronger, up about 170,000 tons, but not as strong as we had expected and I'll talk about that a little bit more in a slide or 2. Operations were really good and again, good cost management out of the Industrial Packaging group. Outages, the heaviest quarter of the year but we had great execution across the outages, and we also had great execution around the Vicksburg mill. I think most of you know that we had to take the mill down for 49 days due to the flooding that was experienced on the Mississippi River. But the manufacturing team, the business did a great job protecting the mill. We had no damage to the mill at all. It's now back up and running, but we did lose about 80,000 tons of production during the quarter.  If you look at margins for Industrial Packaging in North America, IP had the highest margins in the industry in the second quarter at 17.6%, again, in a heavy maintenance outage quarter and year-over-year, a solid increase, up 180 basis points. Let me come back and talk about demand for a moment. As I said, we see demand really moving sideways. And it feels kind of like what it should feel like in a 1% to 2% GDP environment. The second quarter for us is normally our strongest quarter of the year because of our exposure and weighting to agricultural packaging out on the West Coast. And we had a much lighter season in the west region around agricultural packaging than we expected, mainly due to weather. So what you've got on the chart here, if you look at the blue bars, those are total shipments. And then the gold bars, we've pulled out the western region to show what the rest of the country looked like from a demand standpoint. And as I mentioned, we were disproportionately impacted in the quarter relative to the industry because of our weightings. But just as a couple of examples, the strawberry season came late. So in the quarter, we were down almost 6% year-on-year. Cherries were hit by weather. I think there was damage from hail and storms, and so we saw the cherry production almost cut in half on the West Coast and avocados were down as well. So it was a number of factors on the West Coast that really hit us hard in the quarter.  Turning to Consumer Packaging, another great performance by Consumer Packaging. Stronger price, favorable ops, offset by outages and input costs but really solid performance across the businesses. Price and operations and cost management covered -- nearly covered $20 million in outages and another $9 million in input cost increases and continued to have really strong performance for coated paperboard in all the regions of the world, Europe, China and the U.S. And when you look at North American coated paperboard performance, for the first half, we've got a business that in the first half of 2011 has already earned more than in all of 2010, in the first half of this year is running at a 12% return on investment.  Turning to the distribution business, xpedx saw only a slight improvement in earnings quarter-to-quarter, really due to pressures from fuel costs and transportation costs. We did see a bit of a bright spot in packaging, which is about 25% of xpedx's business, which posted a 9% growth rate quarter-on-quarter.  The Ilim Joint Venture just had a great quarter. Again, we report on a one quarter lag but Ilim's earnings increased in the quarter from $44 million to $57 million. Volume was up, price was up and it was up both for pulp and containerboard. Operations ran well and just another very strong quarter turned in by the joint venture.  So if you look at margins the first half of this year versus the first half of last year, strong performance across all the businesses. Different sets of challenges, region by region, business by business. Different sets of opportunities but business management completely focused on margin management and delivering the earnings and cash flows that we need to across all of the businesses. And I think if you turn to the next slide and look at returns, that's what's really making the difference in terms of our return on investment over the past 4 quarters. We're now in that cost capital zone and have been across each of the last 4 quarters.  So with that, I'll end my summary and turn it back over to John for an outlook on earnings.
John Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Before I do that, let me just summarize the quarter quickly. I'd say we got the right assets in the right places. We're managing aggressively and we're executing well. The seasonal demand in North America arrived as expected. But as Tim said, the demand is not robust in North America. Outside North America, demand is good. Latin America, China, Russia, in places like Turkey, where we have a big presence in the corrugated packaging business, healthy demand. We've got some flow through on pricing during the quarter. Our input costs were not as we expected and OCC continues to move up as we look into the third quarter. And then Ilim delivered just a spectacular quarter. The Ilim accounted for 18% of our EPS during the quarter.  So let me move on to the third quarter outlook. That’s the Page 21 for those of you who following along. The U.S. economy is growing at 1% to 2%. And from a demand standpoint, it feels like a 1% to 2% GDP economy. Export demand in containerboard is good but domestically, whether it's paper, coated paperboard, containerboard or xpedx, it feels like 1% to 2% GDP growth. Demand is not up, it's not down. I'd characterize it as moving sideways. Outside North America, as I said, demand is solid year-over-year and we think that will continue. The biggest area of concern as we move into the third quarter is input costs. And while our outage costs are going to be down $65 million quarter-over-quarter, we could easily see that get chewed up, all of it gets chewed up by input costs and the biggest headwind we have on the input cost side is OCC. That could end up accounting for almost half of the input cost increases that we can see on the horizon. The quarter is not over yet, but we can see on the horizon as we look out to the third quarter.  So I will just stop right there and turn it back to Glenn, and we'll take your questions.
Glenn Landau: Misty, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Regarding the Temple-Inland bid, there's been a second data request from regulators. And I was wondering, if you could talk maybe with a broad brush about what you're expecting in terms of a timeline for a response from regulators?
Glenn Landau: Yes. We're going to come back and take Temple questions in just a few minutes. What we wanted to do was really talk about International Paper's earnings in this Q&A session.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Maybe moving to containerboard, you discussed the impact of the western region and the agricultural difficulty we've seen there. Given -- you gave us some color on one of the slides. Can you talk about to what extent that tonnage has been lost versus maybe just pushed out and when you would expect to see some of those volumes come through in the third quarter, if at all?
John Faraci: Carol, why don't you take that?
Carol Roberts: Anthony, the only commodity that I think we get a chance to get back is going to be strawberries. Strawberries got pushed out. They're going to come but I think a lot of the other commodities, they were just poor harvest and they're gone. So I think we'll see some strawberries in the third quarter but outside of that, I view it as really most of it lost.
John Faraci: I think that's the ag business. We're having a great fruit and vegetable season in Southern Europe, in Morocco and Turkey. And we didn't have a great one in California, we may have a great one next year.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: And then maybe outside of ag and containerboard, can you talk about how demand trended in the 3 months of the quarter and maybe what you're seeing in July?
Carol Roberts: Yes, I would say, as we all know, after 6 very solid quarters of year-over-year growth, in the second quarter for the first time the industry saw a decline. And I would characterize our performance relative to that similarly. But when you look inside the quarter, Anthony, you had April was okay. May was the low point and then June bounced back to what I would categorize as mostly flat year-over-year. And it feels like July is trending in that same direction. Kind of moving sideways as I would call it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just 2 questions. First, in containerboard, with your outages and other people saw some outages, we're not hearing that customers are having difficulty getting boxes. So would you describe the current inventory situation as healthy or tight? And I'm curious whether you incurred extra costs at your box plants to deal with customer demand this quarter?
Carol Roberts: I will only speak for our situation and I would call our inventories very, very tight in May and June. Obviously, when you lose that many tons out of Vicksburg that we intended to use, we got way below where we needed to be. So behind the scenes, there was a tremendous amount of juggling extra freight, moving things around. We've made a few box customers nervous. So one of our challenges, Mark, is we've gotten so good with juggling that it gets pretty low and pretty tight and the market doesn't necessarily see it. So I would categorize inventories as on the low side. And for us, we've got to replenish those inventories in the July-August time frame to get back to a reasonable level.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Carol, did those extra costs actually clip earnings?
Carol Roberts: Yes, absolutely.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Any sense of -- was it a meaningful number?
Carol Roberts: Well, it's in the $20 million that we called out for Vicksburg. So we...
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay, so it's all in there.
Carol Roberts: Yes, we kind of put it all in that bucket, Mark.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay, that's fair.
John Faraci: It's grade substitutions, Mark. It's extra freight as we move rolls around from one box plant to another, or ship from the mill we don't want to ship from.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Right, right. And just one more question, in white paper, the trade rags keep talking about weakness. You haven't reported any -- we don't hear it when we talk to the big retailers. So is there a significant difference in the market right now between cut size and rolls the way you're thinking about it? Or is this just noise around the edges?
John Faraci: Well, we had 2 very good months of cut-size shipments and I characterized, maybe it's noise around the edges. We're a big enough player in the market, we're going to see all parts of the market. It's down 2% to 3% year-over-year. Supply and demand are in balance, our inventories are in good shape. So we think -- and I think our earnings kind of supports just what I said, we're in pretty good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: On industrial packaging, can you talk a little bit about the export markets? And then maybe following on to Mark's question, can you talk about how easy it's been to kind of secure trade tons in the market? Just giving a sense of how tight things have been?
John Faraci: In industrial packaging?
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Yes.
Carol Roberts: Gail, the export markets have been very healthy. I mean, I think it shows up in the data. The demand is good, the mill nets are solid. So I would categorize the export markets as solid, steady, at a healthy rate. And the second part of your question, Gail?
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Just trying to get a better sense of the market, like, did you try to seek incremental trade tons, push-forward tons to make up for Vicksburg, and if so, how easy or hard was that?
Carol Roberts: The trades kind of get locked in. It's really hard to move them in a meaningful way. So certainly, we attempted to get more but I wouldn't say we were able to -- it didn't mean -- it wasn't a meaningful shift in our order patterns with our trade partners in the second quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Can you guys give an update on your Industrial Packaging business in Asia, and when we might start to see that turnaround?
John Faraci: Tom, you want to talk about that?
Thomas Kadien: Hi, Gail, it's Tom Kadien. In the second quarter, we saw some improvement and I'll say consistently profitable operating results. We also took down a facility that clipped us for a couple million dollars, and that was really the final step in our integration plan from the acquisition. So our volumes are up about 7%. But the real story that we've been working on is getting our margins up. The business we inherited in the acquisition was much below our expectations and we've gotten prices up well into the mid-teens from when we closed on it. So we'll start to see cleaner numbers in the third quarter and it’ll be profitable.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just one last question, can you give an update on the India acquisition. I guess getting the approvals there is taking perhaps longer than expected?
John Faraci: Remember, Gail, it's India.
Thomas Kadien: Yes, we're still waiting on government approvals. It's slow but it shouldn't be a surprise because as John said, that's India. We have our management team on the ground as of August 1, and we're looking to close early in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Two quick ones. First, the $129 million asset impairment, what was that for?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, it was in our consumer packaging business. It was Shorewood. We just looked at performance against planned. And as we looked at it, we realized the business was underperforming, so we took the charge in North America. It's primarily the North American business, not the international locations that we have.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then on xpedx, last, last quarter you gave us that the kind of overview and I realized it's a 3-year project, I think. But when do we start potentially seeing benefits from xpedx start flowing through?
John Faraci: Well, we've already started to see some of the benefits flow through on the footprint side. We'll wait until we get to year-end, Mark, because while it's a 3-year program, we'll have some meaningful progress to -- we're expecting some and we'll get some. And we'll probably summarize that at the end of the year, but we're not going to try to do it every quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly, I realize mix can make this difficult to analyze. But it looks, based on that slide you showed on the box shipments and then taking out the West Coast, it looks like you may have lost share on the West Coast and maybe a decent amount of share on the West Coast. Is there something going on, on the share side on the West Coast for you?
Carol Roberts: Mark, we have a disproportionate share. We have a higher supply position in ag than the average. So we're more predisposed to that. What I would say about our approach to the box business in general, our objective is to maximize profitability and to make the most money we can. And we are continuing to make choices around where we sell and what we sell and the decisions we make commercially. So I think you see a combination of all of those things.
John Faraci: I'll just add to that, Mark, when you lose a customer, you’ve lost share. When a customer doesn't get some business, you haven't lost share. The customer doesn't have the business. And in the ag market, if the crop is half of what it was, and that was cherries, that doesn't mean we lost share. It means our customer base didn't have the business but in the ag business, they'll get it the next time around in the next season.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: That's fair. Can you give us a sense, roughly, what percentage of your West Coast business is ag?
Carol Roberts: Well, if you think about the industry, 7% to 8% of the total industry is ag. Granted, that's not all California. And you know, we are -- 10% of our total business is ag. So that doesn't sound like a lot but if you'd look at the percentage, 7% to 10%, that's a much higher degree of concentration. And obviously, with Weyerhaeuser our ag position became a much more important part of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Atkinson with BMO Capital Markets.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Question about Ilim, would you be able to give us an update as to the project at Bratsk and Kotlas?
John Faraci: Sure. We got 2 projects going on, a $300-million project at Kotlas, which is the addition of paper machine. That project is on schedule, on budget. Scheduled to start up on the first part of next year. The other project is at Bratsk pulp mill. That's a very extensive project, $700 million. We expect that to start up in the latter half of 2012. We're a little behind on schedule and so far so good on the cost side. So we're well into construction on both of those. And the Bratsk project is probably the biggest project in the industry in 40 years in Russia, and we've got a really – it’s really a global team over there. I think there are 900 people on site now and that will peak out at probably a couple thousand, as we get into the heavy construction period next year.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Would there be any benefit, like my understanding is, you're putting in the recovery boiler first and would there be any benefit before the latter half of next year?
John Faraci: No. Don't expect to see any meaningful benefit out of that until we get to the latter half of the year. Although on the paper machine, it should be starting up sooner than that, so we'll start to see some benefit from that.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Second thing, I know you provide guidance on corporate charges of $175 million to $200 million. You did $36 million in the second quarter. Are you moving down towards that level, like, would that be a target that we can annualize down the road?
Timothy Nicholls: No. I think our -- the forecast that we gave at the beginning of the year continues to be the range that we think we'll be in.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: And would you be able to update me a bit on the flat pulp market?
John Faraci: Fluff pulp market?
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Yes.
John Faraci: Fluff pulp market continues to show pretty healthy growth and outside some of the emerging markets, 5% to 6% a year, year-on-year. We like that business. We announced we're converting or re-purposing the uncoated freesheet mill that we closed in Franklin, Virginia to fluff pulp, that’ll be coming online next year. And while not a core business to International Paper, it's a segment of our paper business because, because we produced Fluff at the mills where we produce uncoated freesheet that we find quite attractive, and we've got a good position in it, with a solid customer base.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: And the order backlog is still good?
John Faraci: Yes.
Operator: Your last question for this portion comes from Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: John, I wanted to see if you could elaborate on, you mentioned the second quarter. I think you said the second quarter felt like 1% to 2% kind of GDP in your business. A number of companies pointed to a bit of a slowdown as the quarter progressed, with some of that continuing in July. I'm curious if you can try to help us a little bit with a little more granularity of was it even in the quarter in terms of the demand trends you felt? Or was it skewed? And any initial read on July would be really helpful.
John Faraci: I think, Pete, it's all over the map in our different businesses, whether it's -- Carol said, May was the low point for industrial packaging. But just look at any of the economic reports: housing is still weak, there's been somewhat of a slowdown in manufacturing in the durable goods side. The economy is, I think it's going sideways, not up, not down, from our perspective as we see it. There's going to be some seasonal pickup in some of the businesses but not all of them because we're in a lot of different segments, when you look at xpedx, Coated Paperboard, Industrial Packaging and Printing Papers. The Commercial Print side of xpedx is still a struggle.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Shifting to fiber costs, Timber Mart-South showed a 9% sequential drop in pulpwood costs on a stumpage basis. I guess, delivered basis wasn't as much. But I'm curious if you saw any benefit from that in the second quarter, and if you anticipate any benefit in the third quarter?
John Faraci: Yes. We're seeing the logging conditions are excellent in the south. We've gone from too much water to not enough in a lot of places. So stumpage costs are down. But then you remember, diesel is almost $4 a gallon. So surcharges kick in when you get over somewhere between $2.30 to $2.50 a gallon. So a lot of that stumpage is getting eaten up by fuel surcharges and you still got this issue that's a big issue across the South, with housing at 600,000 starts, sawmills are curtailed and we're still having to go longer distances to get wood than we normally would in anything close to an average kind of housing environment, which is probably several years away.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. And obviously, in the quarter, you had the Vicksburg outage. But as you look forward, do you have any ability to flex your system more toward virgin away from the rising recycled fiber costs output that you have? Or are you more or less maxing out your virgin capacity at this point?
John Faraci: I'll let Carol talk about the industrial packaging system.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Pete, that's one of the advantages I think we have is the fact that the current operating rates that we're running and how we're running our system, we do have some flexibility to move a little bit. Even -- take a mill like the Valliant, when we shut that third machine down, we have more back-end than we have paper machine. Therefore, we can push our virgin limits to our advantage and back off OCC and vice versa. So we fell like we're in pretty good shape. Our mill inventories on OCC are in good shape. Our wood inventories are in good shape, and we'll do everything we can to optimize that for the best benefit.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. And just lastly, if I could maybe for Tim, on working capital. Looks like there's a big drag in the first half. How do you think about working capital in the second half in terms of its impact on cash flow, both on a second-half basis and a full-year basis?
Timothy Nicholls: I don't think it's going to be a big drag on cash flow. We were up in the first quarter. We unwound the AR securitization program that we had in Europe, which had an impact on that. But if you look at our operating working capital percentage of sales, we're running around 14% or just north of 14%. It's some of the best performance that we've really ever seen across all the businesses in terms of really being focused on working capital, inventories, receivables and payables.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: I got couple questions for Carol, if I could, just back to the containerboard market. Carol, I wondered, did you have any fallout from all of that produce upheaval in Europe?
Carol Roberts: Yes. Our colleagues in Europe had some loss of some volume and, of course, we supply them their craft liners. So I mean, that was definitely a bit of a hit but they still ended up having a pretty good quarter over there.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then, also on that, there was a report in one of the trade papers a couple of weeks ago that European, I guess, German test liner prices had fallen, this created some concern. Do you have any insight into what's going on over there in terms of European containerboard prices?
Carol Roberts: We do know that test liner prices have dropped a little bit, Mark. So that report, I think, is accurate. But my outlook on craft liner is it's been fairly stable still. So they're kind of moving a little bit in opposite directions but there was some price reduction on the test liners side.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just one other question for John, a little bigger picture question. I think the restructuring of the company really has made you a better operating company. But I'm just -- I'm curious with the dollar so weak right now, whether you're concerned at all kind of going forward, if for some reason, we were to get a real rally in the dollar, how defensible your earnings and your margin levels are? Historically, currency's been a big swing factor for the U.S. industry.
John Faraci: There's no question that it's helping our customers, Mark, be more export-competitive. And it's kind of hard to – with us -- the big customer base even though we have a more focused portfolio, we've got a very diverse customer base. But on balance, when you look at the macro numbers, exports from the U.S. are up, which is I think, something good. They’re still a small part of the economy, so they're not going to overtake consumer spending as the economic driver. So a material and sudden strength in the U.S. dollar would probably hurt our customer base. But if it -- it was also reflected in a weaker currency in some of these emerging markets, we’d get some help and we were getting hammered in Brazil on currency as the real continues to get very strong as a result of a weak U.S. dollar. So there's some offsets there. And on balance, I think as we become a more global company, that's how we're going to look at currency, there'll be some pluses and minuses and that's how you have to think about it because you're always going to have some currencies moving against you. But in the U.S., I think a materially stronger dollar would impact our customers from the ripple effect of exports.
Operator: Your last question for this portion comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: A couple things quickly. Could you just remind us, you look at Ilim and it's earning, I guess, after tax for you all over $200 million annualized. What is your net investment in Ilim at this point?
Timothy Nicholls: $450 million. We put in $650 million to start with. We've taken out about $200 million in dividends. [Indiscernible] Ilim, Chip, is something that is probably unappreciated by many of our investors in terms of its earnings potential to International Paper. I mean, they're going to be -- it's the pulp business but it's also when we finish with Kotlas, we're going to have a much bigger domestic presence similar to what we have in Svetogorsk with our paper business. So we're pretty positive on the outlook. Remember to recognize, it is a pulp business, so it's going to have a cycle to it. We're just coming off the -- probably what was a -- may not be the high point of the cycle but a high point. But even underlying that, demand for pulp in China is going to be -- continue to be robust going forward. We're going to have the lowest cost soft wood pulp mill on the planet delivered to China at Bratsk.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. And on that point though, we all know that you're going to report in October what Ilim did in the second quarter. Should we -- and of course, pulp was rising through the quarter. Is there any -- are there any other factors we should take into account as we think about Ilim in terms of what they do between what you just reported and what you'll report in October?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, you're going to have some currency moving around, you're going to have probably a heavier maintenance outage schedule. So yes, it's not going to look drastically different but there'll be some puts and takes.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then just lastly, quickly. I've noticed that -- it appears that bleaks board [ph] backlogs have gone from being quite super strong to maybe just more normal. Is that your experience and does it concern you at all? Is it still at a healthy level?
Thomas Kadien: Chip, it's Tom Kadien. I'd characterize them as seasonal. This is the slow time of the year as we look at our system. We didn't build any inventory throughout the second quarter, and we're expecting a seasonal pickup here shortly. So it has come down from 4 weeks to 3 weeks. But that's about where we were this time last year.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions and answers for this portion of the call. I'll now hand the floor to John Faraci.
John Faraci: Thanks. As I said, I'd like to stop here for a moment and provide all of you with an update on our offer to acquire Temple-Inland. Then as I said, if we have time, we'll take a couple of questions.  And I'd say first is as we said from the start of this process, we're very committed to seeing this transaction through to completion. We believe the industrial logic of the combination is solid and I don't think there's any debate there. We haven't heard any from anybody. It makes a very good business at IP. They're our industrial packaging business, an excellent one, and it creates a powerful cash flow engine that will continue to drive free cash flow and ROI improvement in International Paper. It strengthens our portfolio and it's consistent with the objective of our transformation plan, which is focusing on solid cost of capital returns in all of our businesses throughout the cycle.  Importantly, it's meaningful, accretive to IP shareowners that synergies are realized and that is an acquisition requirement. As far as the price goes, we believe we have a very strong offer on the table, which deserves serious consideration. We believe our offer is highly compelling on a present-value basis and reflects the future outlet for Temple for both containerboard and for building products, and has a reasonable split of expected synergies. At $30.60 a share in all cash, it represents almost a 20% premium of Temple's all-time high, and a 46% premium to their prior day close, and it's also priced significantly above their 52-week high. As all of you know, we've attempted to engage Temple in negotiations. We told them that a negotiated process, with us having an opportunity to [indiscernible] due diligence would lead to the best value. We strongly prefer to negotiate this directly with Temple, but we are prepared to let Temple shareowners decide the compelling nature of our offer.  On the regulatory side, just one update that we posted yesterday. As expected, so we expected this, we received a second request from the Justice Department yesterday. We've been working with them for several weeks to help them understand the economic benefits of this transaction. And of course, we'll be continuing to cooperate with the Justice Department and their process and expect to be able to address any questions they have quite promptly.  So with that, I would be happy to take a couple of questions if we have some time on Temple, and if any of you have any.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with BoA Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: John, I guess the question I had and I think a lot of people have is then, what are the next mile markers for you in this process? You've put an offer out, Temple-Inland has refused and it seems that at this juncture to the outside observer, it's a bit of a stalemate. Do you consider your offer depending on what facts you get back from the Justice Department? Are you waiting for perhaps additional certainty on the strength of the economy or capital markets based on what happens with the debt ceiling? In other words, help us understand what the next steps are, in your view, to the extent that you can and what the mile markers are behind that?
John Faraci: Well, as I said, we'd like the next step to be a negotiation. We've made what we believe to be a serious offer, 20% above Temple's all-time highs since they became the new Temple several years ago. [indiscernible] having discussions, we've got to continue with the process. We're serious, we're committed, intend on seeing it through. And we had 2 conditions in our proposal, one was regulatory approval and the other was the withdrawal of Poison Pill and our next step is to go get regulatory approval.
George Staphos: Okay. John, do you potentially see this then taking as many as 3 years to complete the process?
John Faraci: I don't want to speculate, George, about how long it's going to take. It's going to take a while to get regulatory approval. That's not going to occur overnight. So I think we just take it one step at a time. We're committed to the process. We believe this is a good transaction for both Temple shareowners and for International Paper shareowners. It has to be, for it to work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: John, as you go through the process, I know with the second request, which was totally expected, does Temple have to do anything? Can they be compelled by the government to provide information? Or is the onus completely on International Paper?
John Faraci: As I understand it, Chip, Temple will also get a request to supply some information and they'll have their discussions with the Justice Department and ultimately, they, as we will, will have to provide the information the Justice Department requests. And the timeline that they'll be on is one that they'll work out with the Justice Department, and the timeline we'll be on is one we'll work out with the Justice Department.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Will either of the side, if you can answer this, have access to the answers of the other party?
John Faraci: Pardon me?
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Will, for example, you be able to find out what Temple says to the Justice Department and can they find out what you say to them?
John Faraci: I believe those submissions are confidential, Chip, for both parties.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: My question was for the previous section, if I may, and it was the $20 million expense that was taken from Vicksburg, is that reflected in your kind of the pro forma numbers for the containerboard segment?
John Faraci: We won't make you wait until next quarter to ask that question, Steve. But was it reflected in the pro forma numbers for...
Timothy Nicholls: We had a charge. Think about it this way, Steve, we had a charge of $20 million from all the lost production and the other things we had to do to move volume around, that hit us in the second quarter. We moved a couple of outages because of these complications out to later in the year. And so we won't have the Vicksburg impact as we go through the rest of the year, but we will have more outages that were moved from second quarter to third and fourth.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Sure. So the $279 million reflects the impact of Vicksburg?
Timothy Nicholls: I'm sorry. Say that one more time?
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: The $279 million of operating earnings reflects the impact of Vicksburg?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, that's right.
John Faraci: Yes, it does.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: John, is it possible for you to just recap for us kind of the marching orders you've given Carol in terms of continuing to manage her business, while this is going on? I think there's been a lot of concern about particularly around pricing-type issues? And I think with your costs going up, what a lot of people are concerned about is if costs continue to go up, would you be unwilling to try to recoup those through a pricing initiative as long as this deal is under review?
John Faraci: First of all, we don't give marching orders at International Paper. But we do agree on priorities and then we go out and execute, and that's not only Carol but all the other leaders in the company. And I'm not going to talk about pricing on this call because I can't and I shouldn't. We just don't talk about pricing in a forward-looking way.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: But, John, just in terms of, is the focus in industrial packaging just to manage the business kind of as you would under normal circumstances or does this deal change anything?
John Faraci: Absolutely. I mean, the focus is on International Paper everywhere from Shanghai to Memphis to Brussels to São Paulo is run your business. I mean, the reason we can consider something like Temple is because of the cash flow we're generating, the balance sheet we put together and the business performance we put together. And I feel pretty pleased with how the organization is responding to that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And without asking you to kind of predict or make any call about what you would do on pricing. Is it fair to say that if you thought the market conditions were right, you would be willing to consider a move on price in the midst of this bid or not?
John Faraci: I'm just not going to comment on pricing, Mark, but I think we have talked -- what's important in any business, in any of our businesses around the world, as it relates to pricing. Inventories got to be in good shape, supply and demand needs to be in balance, operating rates need to be high and demand needs to be consistent with supply. And we're not in a cost-push business, where automatically when costs go up, prices go up. And wood side works too, when costs go down, automatically prices don't follow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I think when -- originally you were talking about Justice Department review, you bracketed it as if it might be a 6- to 7-month process as a guess. Do you have an updated view on that?
John Faraci: No, we don't, Mark. We're just getting the in-process started with DOJ and that time frame is going to be, absent any meaningful discussions with Temple, that time frame is going to be one of the gates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I guess 2-part question, if I could. Two different questions, if I could. First, I'm curious, John, how you think about whether there's an opportunity cost related to the deal dragging on over time? And I'm really thinking about the type of response and behavior that Willamette had in reaction to the Weyerhaeuser bid over the 2-year period, and whether or not you view this as something that could be disruptive, which potentially has a true cost to your business? So how do you think about the opportunity cost of a deal that could drag on?
John Faraci: Well, in terms of our business performance, Pete, I don't see any opportunity cost. We're focused on running International Paper as it is all across the company, as I said from Memphis to Shanghai to São Paulo, to Bratsk in Russia. In terms of time frame, I think there's an opportunity cost to Temple shareowners. We've made a serious offer that's 20% above their all-time high, and we think the right thing to do is to sit down with Temple and have a serious discussion. The world moves on and we're committed, we're serious, we're patient, we're disciplined. If things change at some point in time, and we think the right thing for International Paper is to do something else, we'll make that call. But we're serious and we're committed to this and we'll be disciplined.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. And, John, as we all try to figure out the next steps here, what appears at the moment to be a standoff. One point that I'm not clear on, is it even possible for Temple to have a confidential conversation with you at this point or doesn't the hostile nature of the deal at this point preempt that from happening?
John Faraci: Well, now that we've launched a tender offer, there are some things we have to comply with. And I guess I’d just leave it right there. We've got plenty of advisors, at least International Paper does. I presume Temple does. And there's always a way to have a discussion if we choose to have one. But I'm not going to get into what we have to do under any circumstance.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Maybe just lastly, on the tender itself with the date coming up, shares of Temple trading roughly at the bid. Can you remind us on the flexibility you have with that tender? I guess, you'll cross the bridge when you get to it. But can you extend that tender offer in an effort to try to facilitate a higher participation rate?
John Faraci: Sure, we can extend it a number of times. We've launched a tender process because we weren't having meaningful discussions, we're serious and we wanted to get the kind of the train rolling. So that's where we are but we can extend the tender offer and expect that we will do that.  Okay, operator, I think that wraps it up. So thank you very much for tuning in. We're pretty pleased with the quarter and look forward to talking to you on the next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Laschinger - Senior Vice President and President of Xpedx John Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Thomas Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Timothy Nicholls - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lori, and I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas Cleves: Thank you, Lori. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining International Paper's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mary Laschinger, Senior Vice President and President of xpedx will also participate in today's call.  During the call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2011 earnings press release and today's presentation slides.  I'll now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Tom. And just before I get started, you're moving off to another assignment shortly. Thank you for your work with investors over the last 3-plus years.
Thomas Cleves: Thank you, John.
John Faraci: Okay. For the first quarter, we characterize this a good solid quarter for International Paper. The momentum that we talked about with you last year that started to build in the second quarter of 2010 continues. One of the things that really made a difference for International Paper, it has made a difference, and continues to make a difference is our global balance. And as we talk about our performance during, as Tim will, you'll see that global balance really starting to pay off in our results.  First quarter were solid returns, again, in the cost of capital range. Operating EPS of $0.74 versus $0.04 a year ago and up 18% sequentially quarter-to-quarter. During the quarter, as you know, we also increased our dividend for the third time and increased it to slightly above prerecession levels. And during the quarter, we announced a strategic entry into the India paper and packaging markets.  So just turning to that slide here, a brief financial snapshot before I turn it over to Tim. Sales were up 10%; we improved EBITDA margins up 400 basis points over the first quarter, 60 points -- 60 basis points over the fourth quarter; we continued very strong free cash flow; and a first quarter that always is and was seasonally weak. And this time is impacted by quite a bit of bad weather in the January-February timeframe; continued debt reduction; and continue to have a strong cash balance on the balance sheet.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Tim to take you through the first quarter in somewhat more detail.
Timothy Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John. Good morning, everybody. As John said, we did have a very strong quarter in the first quarter, but not without some headwinds. Volume was seasonally weak. We are typically slower in Russia, slower in Brazil, slower in North America. But we did have the weather-related impact in North America that hit us as well, and I'll speak more about that when I come to the Industrial Packaging business. We also had higher input cost, and I'll speak more about those in details. But we were really carried by the strength of our operations, and it wasn't just here in North America, it was really around the world. The other notable item on this page was the really strong results from Ilim, and I'll share some more details with you in just a few minutes about their fourth quarter, our first quarter reported.  If you turn to the next page, we've got our normal input costs breakout, and we had close to $50 million in the first quarter. It was really in line with our expectations weighted towards North America. We had about 80% of the increase in North America and then 20% in Europe. The Packaging businesses were able to cover the input costs increases with operational improvements. Printing Papers was hit disproportionately in the quarter by energy, chemicals and wood, and I'll talk a little bit more about that when we get to the Printing Papers segment.  So let me turn to each of the segments now, and I'll start with Industrial Packaging. We had a really solid first quarter even with the weather impacts and the rising costs. We had purposely pulled back a little bit on export shipments towards the end of last year for the first quarter anticipating higher box demand in the U.S., and then the weather got in the way. But I think it was a real strength that the business was able to react quickly, take the market-related downtime that they needed to. And so if you look at the volume bucket there, 10 million of that 14 million was really related to market-related downtime around North American box. Had very solid operations, really across all the mills and converting facilities, not just here in the U.S. but globally.  Turning to the next page, we look at margins. In North America, the ability of the business to really react quickly led to the highest margins in the industry in the first quarter. If you look at the blue bar. And if you look at the shifts, the delta between the green, which was first quarter of last year and the blue, first quarter this year, we have the largest improvement year-over-year at over 900 basis points.  I think the real strength of the business and our ability to react quickly is highlighted on the next page, where we are really different from most in terms of how we're positioned across multiple channels to market. And you can see in the green boxes, we're integrated to a level of about 80% that includes both the U.S. channel and our box brands overseas. And we have about 20% of volume going to the open market, both here in North America and in the export channels. And really what the business is doing is focusing on the right channel mix, period-by-period to maximize value, and that focus has led us to be a consistent long-term supplier in all of these channels over time.  Last slide on North American Industrial Packaging, on the next page, is just some data points to highlight the strength of the quarter. It's not our seasonally strongest quarter, it's probably our seasonally weakest quarter because of our heavy orientation to agriculture packaging. And that's really a second quarter event. But we had a really strong quarter with improved margins, and part of that margin improvement has come from the realization of price increases from the announcements that we made last year. If you look at it year-over-year, first quarter-to-first quarter, we've realized just over $90 per ton in price increases. So we feel really good about that. We also generated cost of capital returns in the first quarter, running at an operating rate of 93%. So the way we think about it, we look at it and we say, "Hey, there's still some earnings runway here." We took almost 100,000 tons of market downtime in the quarter and still had a cost of capital return.  To turn to Printing Papers on the next page. Another great quarter in Printing Papers, and it was really balanced around the world. Printing Papers incurred almost half of the total company input costs increases driven by energy and chemicals. We have volumes up in North America and Europe in uncoated free sheet. We're seasonally weak in Russia and Brazil, as I mentioned. It's really the weakest quarters they have. And we had stable prices, and a slightly negative mix impact. That's kind of a normal occurrence in the first quarter given our customer mix in Brazil. And again, strong operating results in both Europe and Brazil. Let me turn to Consumer Packaging now. And I thought Consumer Packaging just had an excellent quarter. They benefited from lighter outage quarter, but even if you exclude that, still had earnings up 30% in the quarter. And it was really on the strength of all of the businesses. John mentioned the global balance, and this is a pretty good example of it. Volumes in North America were up 9%. Backlogs continue to be strong. We're still running at 5-plus weeks. Prices were up in all of the regions quarter-on-quarter. And if you look at price levels year-on-year, North America's up $92 a ton. Our Asia business is up $80 and Europe we’re up EUR 130 per ton in Europe. Operations, again, strong in all of the regions including North America, where we struggled with mill performance over the past few years. Our Augusta mill finally turned the corner, and we had the first favorable operating results since 2006 in Augusta.  So if we concentrated first on North American Coated Paperboard. Let me just show you some history on the improvement. If you go back to 2008, we’ve had a 900-basis-point improvement through the end of last year. And it's really a combination of 3 things: it's restructured commercial contracts and better performance there, its improving operating results in the mills here and it's managing the supply chain better. And now you can see, we're at a marginal level in the first quarter, a run rate of 23%. Again, it's a light outage quarter, but I think the business has positioned itself to be able to achieve margins in the low 20s throughout the year. Turn to the next page, and I'll talk about what I call the other Packaging business. We spent a lot of time talking about Industrial Packaging business but Coated Paperboard is a global business for us. It's a large business at about 3 million tons globally, and North America is a big part of that but it's only part. We also have a very attractive business in Eastern Europe, Russia, and we have our Sun joint venture in Asia. And you can see the margins for all 3 regions. Asia looks low at 11%, but all our earning cost-of-capital returns in Asia gets there by way of a lower capital base and higher turns. So Asia's turning their capital roughly 2x versus a little over one in North America. Now let me turn to xpedx where we had a slightly better quarter in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter of last year, but we were well behind the first quarter of last year. And really, there's several major factors to that. First of all, paper pricing is increasing, and so there's been a little bit of a margin squeeze from that. But we've also seen higher freight and higher fuel cost that hit margins in the first quarter, and then there was a negative LIFO accounting charge in the quarter that we didn't have last year. So all in all, a better quarter in the first quarter but not where we think the business will run on a more normalized basis. And as I mentioned on our last quarterly call, the business team has been undergoing a strategic review to dramatically improve earnings.  And today, we have Mary Laschinger, who is the President of xpedx, with us to share some of those plans. so Mary, I'll turn it over to you.
Mary Laschinger: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We're going to use the next few slides to provide an overview of the xpedx profit improvement plan that was mentioned during the fourth quarter earnings call earlier this year.  Just a little bit of background. Our Distribution business in North America is comprised primarily of independent paper and packaging distributors that were acquired by International Paper over the last many years. Prior to the 2009 recession, we were making significant progress and achieving the synergies from all of those acquisitions through increasing our sales revenue and, most importantly, improving the bottom line, which is shown on Slide 17. And we were showing great progress towards generating cost-of-capital return.  Then the recession hit in 2009, and our sales declined by more than 15%. And demand in our primary segment, Commercial Print, was especially hit hard, and our earnings dropped by about 25%. And so the organization and the business went into aggressively reducing operating costs. And you can see, we started to see improvement in 2010, but we're still performing below expectations and what we believe to be our potential. But this reset in the business in 2009 caused us to initiate a strategic review of the business. So over the last 6 months, we've been conducting that strategy review, and we've confirmed that this business still has significant improvement opportunities.  Also, as part of the study, we benchmarked other distribution companies as shown in Slide 18. And the data shows that although our asset turns are best in class, our margins lag. We're pleased with our position in terms of against other packaging and paper distributors, but our goal is to become one of the best among all distributors. The external benchmarking and the internal analysis confirmed that we have potential, significantly, to generate significantly better returns. And therefore, our plans are to accelerate the profit improvement plans that we had started prior to the recession.  Our strategy for the business remains the same. We're committed to maintaining our position as the largest supplier to the print segment, and we're going to continue to invest in the higher growth segments of packaging and facility solutions. But to support the strategy and to achieve the step change in earnings, we are going to be focusing our change effort around the 3 key drivers in the Distribution business, which are outlined on Slide 19. We believe by focusing improvements on these key drivers, we can improve our earnings by over $140 million annually.  If you look at our Distribution business, what we do is we buy products from mills and manufacturers. We handle these products through our network of warehouses and our delivery truck fleet, and we sell these products to a variety of customers. In order for us to achieve significantly better returns, we've got to be operationally excellent in all 3 of these functions, and that's what our goal is.  For example, in the buy function, we have further opportunity to centralize our procurement processes and decision-making so that we can more effectively leverage our size and scale and, most importantly, provide a consistent product and service offering to our customers. For example, today in our Packaging segment, we have about 150 tape suppliers and over 1,200 SKUs. By rationalizing the number of suppliers to a few strategic suppliers and reducing the total number of SKUs, we have the opportunity to improve our asset turns and improve our margins.  In the handle function, we manage and operate over 100 warehouses across North America. We have further opportunity to optimize our warehouse network and inventory around our customer demand, which will allow us to streamline our operations with fewer, more efficient facilities. For example, we recently announced our plan to consolidate 3 facilities in the Salt Lake City area to one larger, more efficient facility, which will be centrally located to support our customer needs. We are also in the process of implementing world-class warehouse management systems and fleet routing and tracking systems. With all of these initiatives, we have the ability to further reduce our operating costs and improve service to our customers. It is our intent to continue to service all of the geographic markets that we currently serve.  Finally, in our selling function, we have opportunities to increase productivity of our sales force and invest in additional field marketing capability for the higher growth Packaging and facility solutions segments.  For us to achieve the $140 million of earnings improvement, we're going to incur about $100 million of net cash costs over about a 3-year time period. We're very confident in our ability to implement the plan and improving the earnings and, most importantly, generate greater than cost-of-capital return over the next 3 years.  So with that, Tim, I'll turn it back to you.
Timothy Nicholls: Thanks, Mary. Let me turn to Ilim and talk about what was a great quarter. Again, this is Ilim's fourth quarter, our first quarter, because we report on a one-quarter lag, but -- volume was up slightly, price was essentially flat on Pulp and operations had a record quarter. So all in all, Ilim turned in the result we expected, and we expect that result to continue to improve as we go into our second quarter, their first.  And just to recap for you, we did -- John mentioned the dividend we received in the first quarter that now brings the total dividends received from Ilim over the history of the joint venture to right at $200 million on a $650 million investment. So if you look at Ilim's results today, and we recorded on an equity accounting basis, but if we were consolidating, Ilim would have the highest return on investment in the company at right at 25% with 30%-plus EBITDA margins.  So one last slide before I turn it back over to John, and this is really a summary slide. We look at the transformation plan, which happens 3 or 4 years ago, what we say that, that transformation plan is really working. And if you go back to 2008, we thought we were on pace to have a cost-of-capital year in 2009 before the crisis had. So as we come through 2010 and recover faster than probably what most expectations were, we positioned ourselves in the second half of last year to have a cost-of-capital year in 2011. And in the first quarter, we're in that zone, and we see the momentum continuing. So we expect that in 2011, we'll have the year we expected to have in 2009.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to John for the outlook.
John Faraci: Hey, Tim, thanks. I'm going to start the quarter by just repeating what Tim just said. The momentum continues. Despite the input cost headwinds that we got, we got the right businesses in the right places with good discipline and focus execution. And what that's leading to is continued strong earnings per share results, free cash flow and ROI.  So I'm now on the chart that shows all the red, yellow and green that is really how we think about the outlook going forward. Near term is more of the same. We're going to get some seasonal volume improvement. That's around the world not just in North America. Some sales pricing improvement. Another solid quarter at Ilim. We got 2 significant changes in the second quarter, one, internal that we managed and that's -- we're going to the second quarter with a lot of outages that were planned as the -- our heavy-outage quarter. So that's going to cost us about $0.11 a share, kind of quarter-over-quarter. And we see more input cost headwinds, specifically transportation. As Tim said, we had $50 million in the first quarter this year versus the fourth quarter. And the second quarter, we don't know how it's going to turn out but it could easily be another $50 million.  So with that though, we still expect the second quarter to be solid. We expect good operations. We expect strong cash flow, and we expect good solid return on investment across the International Paper portfolio.  And with that, I think we'll -- I'll turn it back to you, Tom, for questions.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, John. Thanks, Tim and Mary. One personal note, this'll be my final quarterly earnings call as the Head of Investor Relations at IP. I've enjoyed working with the investment community over the last 4 years, and I appreciate your support. I'm turning the IR reins over to a good friend of mine, Glenn Landau. Glenn has been with IP for more than 20 years. He has worked in our U.S. and European Container businesses. He headed up strategic planning for our Forest Products business and for the last 4 years, he's been running our Containerboard and Recycling businesses. I look forward to introducing Glenn to many of you in person. Glenn and Emily and I will be available after the Q&A for follow-up questions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Lori for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon: I had a question actually about Ilim. You mentioned how you pulled almost $200 million out of that investment. And could you just remind us how the footprint of Ilim has changed since you made the investment in '07, and I know that's going to continue into '12 with the pulp expansion, and what have their balance sheet changes been?
John Faraci: Well, the footprint, Chip, hasn't changed a whole lot. It's in the process of changing. We did sell an interest in a bleached board mill that we had that was part of Ilim, but the 3 big assets that we purchased, the uncoated free sheet and containerboard facility in the north, northwest to Kotlas, and the 2 Siberian pulp mills, are -- they're still in the portfolio. We built a box plant. That's new. And we're right at, I'd say, the first third of the modernization strategy that was part of the whole acquisition that where there's a project going on at Kotlas in the northwest at a paper machine and a coater. The paper machine was relocated from a mill that IP shut down, Inverurie in the U.K. And then the big pulp modernization and expansion project in Bratsk is underway. So the footprint is in the process of changing. Ilim is funding that capital project through its own balance sheet and through the free cash flow they're generating. So their debt, their balance sheet debt is going up but it's on their balance sheet, and it's well within Ilim's financial capability to service that debt.
Chip Dillon: And then just a quick follow-up on Consumer Packaging. It's nice to see the bleached board business coming back to levels like we used to see it back in the '80s and '90s, and I've noticed the improvement is mostly in the U.S. I saw that Europe did well, is up as well. But as you look ahead, as you look at the Asian number, which seems to be stuck somewhere in the 10 million per quarter range in terms of it's operating income, how could that improve going forward consistent with what we've seen recently in North America and Europe? Or is it sort of at its potential right now?
John Faraci: Chip, it's Tom Kadien, who oversees the bleached board business around the world, is here. So I'll just let him take that question.
Thomas Kadien: Our business in China, the JV, is essentially sold out. So we're capped on through-put. If you look, we're selling about 200,000, somewhat 220,000 tons a quarter, I think. We were flat year-over-year in terms of output. It's a nonintegrated facility. We have to manage our margins there, and we did a great job recovering our margins in the first quarter after the runoff in pulp prices hit us in the second half of last year. We had about an 11% ROI on the business in the first quarter. If you look at the first half of last year, I think we were at our high point of about 15% ROI. And that's the range that we're going to be in until the new machine starts up, which will be about the fourth quarter of 2012, the next machine.
Chip Dillon: Got you. And let me just say, thanks to Tom, who, I think, has been terrific in helping us understand your company better. Congratulations, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: John, just wanted to spend maybe just a minute on Containerboard, and how you see your inventories trending through the quarter given the amount of maintenance downtime that you're expecting to take?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Rick. This is Carol, I'll take that question. Clearly as you can see, we have a very big outage quarter coming in the second quarter. And then that will be combined with what we'll see as the seasonal uptick in box demand mainly driven by the seasonality of agriculture, of which is a significant part of our portfolio. So the expectation for us is that our inventories will come down due to that imbalance through the quarter. We entered the quarter at about where we need to be. I'm hopeful that the challenge will be for us, if there's an uptick in demand, that will create a challenge, but that will be fine. We'll manage through that. So that's the phenomenon that we're going to face as we go through the second quarter.
John Faraci: And Rick, our inventories are down 30,000 tons in March compared to February and also down compared to the end of last year.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just sticking with Containerboard. On Slide 11, you showed the slide where your prices on boxes were $91 Q1 '11 versus Q1 '10. How do you reconcile that with pulp and paper weight showed if you look at -- that you had pulp and paper weight prices up, up essentially $110 over that time period?
Carol Roberts: Rick, this is Carol again. That's a great question. What we have to remember is these are quarterly averages. And so as you recall, prices were rising through the first quarter of last year. So we could average those. If you go from -- if I extract the data on a monthly basis, the high point -- from the low point to the high point on box pricing, for us, is about $107 a ton. So you have to just take that in consideration. That's a quarterly average.
Timothy Nicholls: We think -- Rick, this is Tim. We felt like we got the full increase.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just one last question, John, if I might, just on the India acquisition. Can you just talk about that business a little bit more and how you see that impacting 2011 and sort of your strategy within India given that recent acquisition?
John Faraci: Well, we don't know how it's going to impact 2011 because we haven't closed on it yet, and we don't know when we're going to close. But we expect we will close at some point in time during the year. I'll let Tom Kadien talk to that, because he's the one who spent all the time in India over the last year, getting us to the point where we said we're ready to go.
Thomas Kadien: Right now, we're in a 90-day approval period, where we have to get approval of both the Bank of India and Security Exchange Bureau of India (sic) [Securities and Exchange Board of India]. We expect that will end around the end of June. So we're hopeful to close. We've got no indication of any issues, so it could close early third quarter. The first phase for us is really to optimize the assets that are on the ground. We think that we can get about 20% productivity improvement out of the existing pulp mill and paper machines that are at the 2 locations, and we think we can do that inside of 2 years with really no capital. After that, sort of what I would call Phase 2, 2 years down the road, we'll be looking at expansion projects as we have when we got into other emerging markets. So I think it'll be incrementally positive. The business has got good EBITDA margins right now, 23%, and we think we can improve on that the next year or 2.
John Faraci: I'd say, we'll talk more about India once we had the business closed. But this looks to us like Poland looked with Kwidzyn, like Ilim looked, very attractive opportunities to build out what's there in a market that's got a lot of growth ahead of it, both in paper and packaging.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you, and thank you for that presentation on xpedx. I thought it was really clear. There are a couple of follow-up questions I did have. One is the $140 million, can you give us a sense of timing on when you're hoping to see that improvement flow to the bottom line. And if it's possible, perhaps, to give us a sense as to which of the buckets would it come from, if it's the buy, the handle, the sell, or how you might think about from a kind of bottoms-up perspective to how to get to the $140 million? That'd be a great start.
Mary Laschinger: Mark, Mary Laschinger. First of all, in terms of the timing of the $140 million, we would begin to see those benefits impact the business as early as next year and would hope to see the full benefit within a 3-year time period. In terms of where those benefits come from, from the key levers of the business. They're across the board on all 3 of those, and they're fairly well equally weighted.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then just shifting gears. In the Containerboard business, you mentioned you had taken about 100,000 tons of market-related downtime primarily, I guess, weather related, et cetera. Order of -- wouldn't that cost like $25 million or $30 million? So is that a partial offset to the step-up in the maintenance downtime we'll see in the second quarter?
Carol Roberts: Mark, this is Carol again. I would say that your number's a little high. If you think about it from an unabsorbed fixed cost perspective, it would probably be in the -- probably $12 million range. And then in addition to that, one of the things that we've gotten pretty good at is we actually like our flexibility. Our ability to match our supply to our demand, where that used to be kind of a big headwind, now we're pretty good. So we optimize the system, optimizing low-cost fiber. So I don't think we had much of a consumption penalty with that downtime.
John Faraci: But, Mark, since that comes up pretty quickly, and we planned outages well and ahead to schedule contractors in, we can do a little work. But we can't do the outage work when we have market-related downtime, because we're doing that on the fly, not planning ahead for it.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I understand that $12 million for the unabsorbed fixed -- presumably, though, perhaps you were then you using the fact that you'll have more tonnage to make profits on. You'd throw that into the seasonality bucket and that will also be a partial offset to the maintenance downtime, is that the way that you're thinking of it? I just want to make sure that I'm not undercounting the kind of offset to the maintenance downtime.
Carol Roberts: Yes, I think the big offset that we would see, for ourselves, will be the seasonal uptick in volume. So we will see a stronger second quarter on volume than the first, and that's the lever that we've got to offset the increase in costs due to the outages.
Timothy Nicholls: And you've got the uncertainty of what input costs are going to do, Mark. That's a bit of a wild card at this point.
John Faraci: But they're probably headed up. And if the wild card is...
Timothy Nicholls: The wild card is how much.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I think you mentioned $50 million might be a read for the overall company.
John Faraci: Yes. [indiscernible] $50 million -- first to ForEx, [ph] though. It could be another $50 million, first to second.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of the Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: And, Tom and Glenn, congratulations on the new roles. And you guys do a wonderful job on Investor Relations, so keep it up. I guess the first question I had, and maybe piggybacking off of Mark's question, hopefully not putting too fine a point on this. I mean, at this juncture, given what you can see, would it be unreasonable to expect a sequential drop in 2Q earnings versus 1Q or is it too hard to call that at this juncture?
John Faraci: George, you know we don't give guidance.
George Staphos: I know, but I always try. I will take that and duly note it for next call. Okay, maybe a question for Carol. Carol, as we think about the Industrial Packaging business and the opportunity that you have to improve returns over the next 2 to 3 years, and here I'm thinking mostly about North America, do you see more opportunity within the box business improve returns? Or do you see it more in the way of mill optimization and further integration there? How should we think about that?
Carol Roberts: George, it's a great question. And my learning from being in this business for the time I've been in it, is it's a large business. And if you want to move the bottom line, you got to have a systemic approach. And in my opinion, it needs to be a fairly broad-based approach, because one thing is not going to move the needle. So we have still opportunity to get better, there's no doubt. We have a very systemic approach on our mills side. We have focus on consumption, fiber, energy, chemicals. We have focus on reliability, which then ends up impacting our spending. And we've got capital projects, which I've referenced in the past, relative to some very high return targeted. We're talking in the million-dollars range, not 50 or 100 by project. Box plant is equally important, and the great part about the box business is you got to play offense and defense. Meaning, you need very good competitive facilities, and so we're focused there on waste productivity throughput. Bricks and mortar. We closed 3 facilities last fourth quarter, because we can get more through the bricks and mortar we have. But simultaneously with that, we've got to be focused on our commercial effectiveness. This is a game that you're selling, and it's a broad-based selling effort. So we've got a lot of effort there around making sure that we sell value, that we price well, that we do the right things there. And then the other thing we've got is supply chain. I mean, we move 10 million tons across the globe. And there's a lot of opportunity to keep getting better and smarter in that, and we are making that, probably the last piece of our Weyerhaeuser, work. We're putting our operating model in the Weyerhaeuser mills right now, and that's going to allow us to really make a step change in how we operate that part. All that said, at the end of the day, the key theme that we've got to do is build low-cost mills for competitive advantage and manage supply to demand. I mean, this business has to be run well from that perspective, and then have a great box system to take it to market. And then as we put in our presentation, leverage our global reach to find the best markets and optimize. So we've got a really great hand to play, and I'm convinced we've got more opportunity to make it better.
John Faraci: And, George, we talked about shifting from integrating the business to optimizing it. As Carol talked about, optimizing a $9-billion business doesn't happen in 12 months. The supply chain capability we're going to have across the mill systems as we go into 2012 is going to enable us to really take another chunk of working capital out because we're going to have less rolling stock moving around the system, because we're going to have much better visibility into how to schedule mills and get the right rolling stock to the right box plants.
George Staphos: John, I realized it's a bit of an oversimplification, but given that you're now at cost of capital or higher return to within Industrial Packaging, and I'm presuming within North America -- perhaps one strategy might be to as you optimize, to also perhaps shrink some of your capacity either in converting or in production so as to preserve and grow the returns from that avenue. What is, in your view, wrong with that thinking, or what are the opportunities down the road perhaps for that to occur?
John Faraci: Well, as Carol said, we're going to match our supply to demand. We made a major shift footprint when we decided to permanently close 2 big facilities, Albany, Oregon and Pineville, Louisiana. The box business is recovering but not fully recovered. I mean, we're going to get back to 2000 levels of box consumption, and I'm talking about the industry now. It's just a question of how many years is it going to take, but that's going to happen. So we're not looking at a business that's got a shrinking demand, and as Tim pointed out, we have -- our strategy is to serve all 3 markets: the independent market in the U.S., the integrated market and the export market. And the global demand for virgin linerboard is growing at 3% a year, where the U.S. is the low-cost producer. And we're the low-cost producer in the U.S. So we're not going to go build another linerboard mill, but we're not looking to shrink the business because we don't see the market shrinking.
George Staphos: Last question, and I'll turn it over. With Augusta, can you remind us what have been some of the issues with that mill in terms of turning around? I think you said you had your first up quarter, I forget exactly how you phrased it, but the comparison was versus 2006. I recall wood fiber being one of the factors, and so if that was the case, would it take so long to turn the mill back to where you'd wanted it to be? Thanks. Good luck on the quarter, guys.
John Faraci: Much more of the wood costs. I think Tom can talk to that.
Thomas Cleves: Yes, it's really -- we under-invested in Augusta for a couple of years, going back 5 years. And it was more about maintenance and reliability of the whole process from the back end through the machines and we've just gotten our process back under control. We've invested more than our usual share of maintenance capital over the last 2 years, and we worked our way from the back end to the machines and have improved for reliability. So we're seeing significantly better quality and throughput, and we don't have the upsets that we're managing from weekend or month in and out. It's all about reliability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Two things. John, Mary gave us a pretty clear rundown of what you're doing within distribution to get that back to where you had it headed before. Can you just walk us through and remind us what the strategic benefits of being in that business are? It's been a long road obviously, but I think that you guys believe pretty deeply in that business and maybe a little more deeply than some of your investors do.
John Faraci: We do. 80% of what xpedx sells, IP makes. They're heavy into the paper merchant channel, and they're heavy in the packaging. And that's International Paper's core business in North America. And the merchant channel happens to be a big channel for paper companies, because a lot of paper gets sold to the merchants. And xpedx happens to be our largest merchant customer, but we have a lot of very good and very strategic independent customers. So we don't run the business on an integrated business, we run it as a standalone profit center. And it's a great window to the market for us around paper and packaging. If xpedx was in the plumbing supplies business, we wouldn't be in it because that's not our core business, but paper and packaging is. And we're figuring out ways also to go joint the market with xpedx and some of the other IP businesses, where we have a capability to do something, having distribution and manufacturing that the competition, just has distribution or just has manufacturing, doesn't have. Now having said that, xpedx has got to earn its cost of capital on its own capital. It's a different kind of business. As Mary said, it's a buy-handle-sell business, not a capital-intensive process business. So the linkage, the strategic linkage is what xpedx sells.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Very helpful. And just one more question on container. It seems to me that you not only offset your cost in the quarter, but as I look at the cost themselves, it looked like you managed the input costs a little bit better than some of the competitors did this quarter, too. So I'm wondering if, Carol, if we could just ask you one more time, what specifically were you doing this quarter that you think drove your performance to look so much better?
Carol Roberts: Well, once again, I would say we had a very good quarter. We did operate well. And I think the fact that, believe it or not, that we possibly had, matching our supply to our demand, we had that downtime. We were able to flex our fiber where we ran. And we backed out some of our highest cost fiber, the OCC and leverage virgin, which was good. We continue to see the modest growth, which was helpful. So I think those are some of the things that we -- we've got a great system. And one of the things we're building in to our mindset and to our operations is flexibility. And so we have operators by control room, Mark, that are focused on how to get gas out of boilers, how to optimum-ly run based upon the demand we've got. So I think that's a real competitive advantage we've got. It's a big system. And if you can get your hands around it, you can really leverage it for benefit.
John Faraci: And commercially, Mark, if you look at our results, I mean, they speak for themselves, we've gotten $90-plus of price improvement in the box business year-over-year, and we're still getting price improvement in the box business through the first quarter. I mean, we've managed -- we're managing the business very well in the commercial side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about underlying demand trends and help us see through some of the seasonal noise that happened in the first quarter and what you're seeing kind of early in the second quarter.
John Faraci: I think we're seeing what we would expect, Gail. Seasonal improvement in the U.S. in the face of -- the GDP number just came out was 1.8%. March feels a whole lot better than January and February, for obvious reasons. And April is feeling like it's the usual kind of April and, call it, at 2% GDP environment. So we're feeling pretty positive about demand in the U.S. but not euphoric. On the paper side -- I mean, the underlying structural issues haven't changed. We just got a recovering economy. I think March was the first month that we had fairly strong paper shipments. So even if we get a couple of months of positive, I mean, year-over-year paper shipments, we still think the underlying demand trends are slightly down. We'll have to see how that plays out. Around the world, it's a different story. I mean, Brazil, paper shipments were up 7% quarter-over-quarter. Our box business, including Turkey, which we do equity accounting, we've since take the volume for our box business. And in Europe, it was up 11% quarter-over-quarter. So those kinds of numbers are indicative of the fact that the world outside North America is growing at pretty healthy rates, and we're in those markets. And that's kind of one of the IP differences. So the bleached board business looks quite solid. That business came back faster than Containerboard. In terms on the demand side, it fell very sharply in the first quarter last year. That was the low watermark, but we're back to sold out with strong backlogs. So it feels like a recovering but not a fully recovered economy in North America. And outside North America, it feels like the rest of the world. Even places like Europe, where we think we really have problems, are showing some pretty good growth for us, especially in packaging.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thanks. That's helpful perspective. Not to deliver the issue too much, but just going back to the operating issues you might have had because of the weather in the first quarter. Is that separate from the $10 million, $12 million downtime, incremental market downtime that you had? And if so, is that something you could quantify?
Timothy Nicholls: I'll let Carol speak to it. But what I was talking about, Gail, was that we had stepped back from the export market's a little bit anticipating higher box shipments in North America, and then weather hit. And so we had to react to -- we had to react with the manufacturing system to what we were experiencing in the market.
Carol Roberts: Gail, I would add that I think the hit in the quarter from the weather was mainly a volume hit. I think we managed the cost side of that extremely well. And it didn't hit on mills other than, as Tim said, little less demand, which we actually, I think, to some respect, took advantage of, and our box business responded very well. So I don't see the weather as a huge cost hit in the quarter. I see it as a volume deduct.
John Faraci: It was more around converting plants in xpedx locations that weren't running because people couldn't get to work or people could get to work customers couldn't take product. It wasn't, as Carol said, impacting the operation of our big mills, which has happened before when we get cold weather. This is more unusual, and it hit the converting plants in the markets where we're shipping to customers.
Carol Roberts: That said, for those plants that were impacted, there was a headwind there, and they worked very hard to make that back up, so.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, that's helpful. And just going back to the India acquisition. You mentioned the market feels a lot like kind of Poland and Russia when you went in. I know you are acquiring some plantations with those assets, but Poland and Russia actually has a pretty good fiber base for your operations. I'm just wondering kind of how you view that in India, or is the plantations there something you can build on or not to support growth?
John Faraci: Yes, they are. We're excited about APPM. It is not unique, but it's one of the a few -- not every paper and packaging company in India has plantations that they can get fiber from. And we think the -- to kind of the farmer forestry program that APPM has is a good one and can be expanded.
Timothy Nicholls: Gail, just to be clear though. We do not own those fiber plantations. Those are owned by private landowners, about 40,000 of them who grow trees and provide them to APPM.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: So you just have contract agreement for the volume then.
John Faraci: And, Gail, I wouldn't characterize Poland as having a great fiber base. Some of the most expensive wood in the world for us. Russia is different story.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And just one last question, just broadly speaking. The dividend is back, say, way above where it is. You're making some acquisitions that is kind of approaching target. Just any update on how you view capital allocation over the next year or 2. I mean, would we expect to see more return to shareholder, more acquisition?
Timothy Nicholls: I think you'd expect to see more of the same. We've been balanced, and we said we wanted to be balanced. And so I think if you look at our actions over the past year, you see that balance, and how we're thinking about it has not changed.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Congratulations, it was a good quarter. I just want to also add my compliment to Tom Cleves. I think he's done an outstanding job. And actually, I think the disclosure that the company is putting out today is just light years ahead of where we were 10 years ago. The questions I had -- first of all, in the Industrial Packaging business, can you just talk a little bit about how the performance is from a profitability standpoint in Europe and in Asia? I think you're not integrated in both of those areas.
Thomas Kadien: I'll start with the Asia piece, Mark, this is Tom Kadien. We're in the middle of integrating the SCA box plants that we acquired less than a year ago. And we're also really focused on pushing our prices as we've had significant OCC pricing increases that flowed through to the recycle containerboard that we buy. We've caught up with the SCA plants. We were breakeven in the quarter but much better than that in the month of March, and we're seeing progress on the acquisitions there. But it's been a tough environment to raise box prices in.
Timothy Nicholls: In Europe, Mark, our Industrial Packaging business makes double-digit returns. I mean, if you take the first quarter and annualize it, they were at double-digit ROI.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then also in the Containerboard business, I'm just curious, maybe from Carol's standpoint, could you envision a scenario where you might look at shutting down some smaller machines here in North America and maybe putting in something that was a larger machine or potentially a machine that gave you the ability to run lighter-weight products?
Carol Roberts: I think, Mark, we'll always be evaluating our footprint and seeking ideas to unlock more value. And if ideas like that had a stellar return, from an investment perspective, I mean, I think that would definitely be something we'd consider. I'm not sure I've seen the math that would tell me that we're there yet. We don't -- our system is pretty good today, so it's not like we've got some low-hanging fruit to go eliminate the real high-cost inefficient facility. But we will always continue to evaluate our mill footprint to match supply with demand and make it lower cost.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just finally on the cost side. I wondered -- have you put in a freight surcharges? And could you just talk with us about any contracts or hedges that you might have in place that might mute some of the cost pressures in the near term?
Timothy Nicholls: We really haven't, Mark. It's really difficult to do it on the transportation side. And surcharges, to the extent they exist, are really business specific, business to business. The only place we really have them to a small degree is in xpedx, but it's really very small. So it's an exposure that we pretty much take it as it comes and then look to decrease miles. So our hedge against higher transportation cost is through the supply chain operating model, and we can't offset it all when we have these spikes.
John Faraci: The hedges use less of it.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: So what about just contracts, whether it's for chemicals or whatever that might be -- might provide you a little near-term protection?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we, in terms of our contracts, we leverage the size of the company.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: As you should.
Timothy Nicholls: And so there's not really any hedging out there, from a financial instrument standpoint, but we use the buying power of International Paper globally to look at how we supply inputs and try to maximize that leverage.
John Faraci: Mark, you go across the whole spectrum of commodities and raw materials that we buy, we're not buying everything on a truckload by truckload, railcar by railcar basis. But we're not buying anything on multiyear basis either. So we've got some agreements that re-price every quarter. We've got some that are coming out every month. We've got some that are 6 months. but by and large, we're going to see input cost increases if they're out there.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then finally, Tim, you mentioned in terms of capital allocation just sort of more the same. One of the things we haven't seen recently is share repurchase activity. Is -- now with the dividend back up at $1.05, is it possible that we'd see a little more focus on that over the next 6 to 12 months?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, it's something that we look at, but I think that what we want to do is be balanced in terms of how we return cash to shareowners versus other uses of cash. And we have options around how we do that, so I'll just leave it at that.
Operator: I'll now return the call over to Tom Cleves for any closing remarks.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Lori. Thanks for joining our call today. And Glenn and Emily and I will be available via telephone for follow-up calls.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's International Paper First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy Nicholls - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Sutton - Senior Vice President of Printing and Communications, Papers of the Americas Thomas Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. George Staphos Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2010 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Tom Cleves, you may begin your conference.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter earnings conference call today. Our speakers this morning will be John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During the call, we'll make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We'll also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. You can find a reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures on our website. The website also contains copies of the fourth quarter 2010 earnings press release and the slides that we'll use today. And with that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everybody. If you'll let me just start off by saying we finished 2010 with a strong quarter. Earnings were almost at $0.68, almost 3x what they were in the fourth quarter last year. It's really on the back of solid volume, on price and cost performance. Margins, and this is important, expanded 240 basis points quarter-over-quarter, and we had very strong earnings in our Ilim joint venture in Russia.  Moving to the next slide, to put this in context. The fourth quarter for International Paper was the strongest fourth quarter that we've had in over 10 years. I don't say that to suggest that we're anywhere near our peak. We think we've got quite a bit of runway ahead of us as we go through 2011, which we'll talk about in the call. So just turning to full year results for a minute. The strong fourth quarter wrapped up a very good 2010. We really had, International Paper, a V-shaped recovery while the economy in the U.S. at least was recovering in more of a U-shape. Our low tide mark was the first quarter where we earned $0.05, and we came out of the year with a lot of momentum, with third and fourth quarter performance.  The earnings for the year were more than twice what they were last year at just over $2 compared to $0.88, free cash flow of $1.7 billion, margin expansion of 110 basis points. So we kind of ended the year with more margin expansion than we had for the full year, which is a good jumping off point for 2011. And significant return on investment improvement, which we'll talk about. More debt reduction and pension funding, and two increases in the dividend, the one early in the year and one late in the year, have now restored the dividend back to $0.75 from the $0.10 it was coming into the year.  2010 headlines. Sales up 8%, again, both volume and price; strong free cash flow even with higher levels of capital spending in 2010 compared to 2009. And the sales growth which also took -- that and capital took about $800 million of cash, and we still had strong free cash flow. Less than $9 billion of debt, a $4 billion reduction in debt over the last several years since we completed the Weyerhaeuser acquisition, that's over -- close to a 40% reduction in our debt and a healthy cash balance of just over $2 billion. And I think this all demonstrates that International Paper can generate very healthy cash flow in still what is I would characterize a recovering, not a fully recovered, economy. Just the next slide shows you where the revenue growth is coming from. And I think it's important because it underscores the global balance is becoming more and more part of International Paper. Our North American business has performed well. Sales growth was 6%. Outside North America, sales growth was double what it was in North America, 13%. And in our Ilim joint venture, our revenue growth, that's volume and prices, up 33%. So if you include Ilim in the whole package for a minute, our revenue growth outside North America was 3x what it was inside North America. And again, that's both volume and price.  Turning to the waterfall chart that shows you the EPS comparison of 2009 to 2010. The big levers stand out here: Price, volume, cost and Ilim. And the one negative, and it was a substantial negative, but we were able to overcome it during the year and still expand our margins, we had input cost pressure, primarily wood and OCC of over $1 a share.  So International Paper is a cash flow story and continues to be a cash flow story. Post-transformation plan in International Paper, we built a step-change capability in our free cash flow, and this slide here shows that. We've more than doubled our free cash flow pre-transformation from an average of about $900 million a year to $1.9 billion a year, if you look at the last three years. And this has obviously flowed through to our ability to improve our return on investment, which is a key metric for International Paper. We come out of 2010 going into 2011 with our returns, as we say, in the cost of capital zone. Our run rate ROI for third and fourth quarter was about 8%. That's twice its low point of 4% in the middle of the recession in 2009.  And from a macro perspective, I think I would characterize 2010 as a transition year, not nearly a mid-recycle year, because when we look at our Industrial Packaging business, our Coated Board business and xpedx, our three big businesses in North America, we don't see demand yet back to pre-recession levels. Eventually, it’ll get there. So Tim, I'll turn over to you.
Timothy Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John. Good morning, everybody. I'm on Slide 12. So I'm going to start with the fourth quarter and go through a few more of the details. And you can see on this slide, sales growth year-over-year of 9%. Also, look at the EBITDA. We had in the third quarter over $1 billion of EBITDA, but we also had the land sale, and it was a fairly light outage quarter.  So what I feel really good about looking at third quarter to fourth quarter, if you adjust for the land sale and you adjust for outages, we would have been at about $960 million of EBITDA in the third quarter and a very solid $870 million in the fourth quarter. Another good quarter of cash flow, as John mentioned, and in that cash flow number of $600 million, there's $130 million of incremental CapEx spending in the quarter. So a really strong way to finish the year. If you look at the next slide, just going from third quarter to fourth quarter, I think you'd look at it and say the momentum continues. We had more outages in the quarter. It's seasonally a slower volume quarter, and we did have a few operational issues late in the quarter, but we ran very well in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, as the season changed and cold weather had some impact, and we had a few one-off items in some of the mills, which we've now recovered from, but we probably left around $15 million on the table from the items that we had.  Price was another good story. In a lot of the businesses, box was up. Export pricing was up. Consumer Packaging business had a price increase through the quarter, as well as our European Paper business. And if you look at volume year-on-year, we were up in our Packaging businesses. PNC was down, which we would have expected in North America, and Brazil continue to perform very strong.  The one item on tax that I do want to call out, our tax rate in the fourth quarter dropped to 28%, and I think the way to think about that is there was legislation in the fourth quarter in the Extenders Bill that we could not book as we would have normally booked throughout the course of the year, and so it was a catch-up in the fourth quarter. And that's basically for the R&D tax credit that we received, as well as how some of the offshore entities are treated from U.S. tax perspective.  So in summary, it's a good quarter. Volume was where we expected it to be. Prices were up. Operations were good, but could have been better, and inputs were trending slightly higher. So if you go to the next page, I've got a breakout on input cost. And the thing that I take away from this is good performance with inputs going out. More than half of the inputs were in our North American business, and more than half of the input increases were in Industrial Packaging. So OCC, up $17 million quarter-on-quarter. We did see wood fiber continue to improve, and really for the first time, we saw chemicals start to jump up as well.  So with that, let me turn to the businesses, and I'll start with Industrial Packaging. Solid quarter. We had much higher maintenance outages in the quarter, and some of the operational issues that I mentioned earlier showed up in IPG. And as I said, have now been resolved. Volume was down seasonally, but up 2.8% year-over-year, and box prices moved up $4, and we continue to see export pricing increasing.  So when you turn to the next slide, we've shown you this slide before on margins. We saw fourth quarter margins in line with the highest margins in the industry. And I think a really important point, as we exit 2010 fourth quarter, EBITDA margins that are 240 basis points better than the full year average for 2010. We also saw earnings improve, and not only in North America, but in our European business. So our two largest Industrial Packaging businesses had improved performance in 2010. Specifically in North America, we had to work through a pretty significant input cost increase. The bulk of that being OCC, but with close to $400 million of increased inputs, we still improved the business by $100 million. And we ran in the second half of the year at an average margin of 19½% versus the 12% in the first half as we were dealing with the input cost squeeze.  International Container had a great year. In Europe, volume was better by $20 million, and our cost was better, largely due to the Etienne mill shutdown, but good performance across all of the business units there. If you turn to Printing Papers. I thought Printing Papers had a very good quarter. Operationally, we ran well in North America. We had a couple of issues outside North America, but the step-down in performance on ops was right in line with our expectations around moving from a warmer season to a colder season. As I mentioned, price in Europe was up. We were stable in the U.S. We did have about $11 million of green energy credits that did not come through. This is in our Poland mill, and it's just a timing issue, so we should pick those up in the first quarter. So overall, Printing Papers had a solid quarter and a really good year. If you look at Slide 19, you can see the margin improvement across all of the businesses. Starting with North America, very stable performance moving from 19% EBITDA margins to 20%. Just a huge amount of improvement in Europe, and it came from demand recovering in a strong way and prices moving up throughout the year, and also good operations throughout the year. And Brazil did a very good job managing its export price. On average, prices through the year were up about $150 a ton.  If I turn to the Consumer Packaging business, it ran very well in the quarter also. And if you adjust for the outages, basically had a similar level of earnings in the fourth quarter that it had in the third quarter. Backlogs continue to be strong in our Coated Paper business. We continue to have backlogs that go out about four weeks. That's about a week better than what we had last year, and our year-over-year volume in the fourth quarter was up 9% versus 2009. We also, as I mentioned earlier, got about $15 a ton more in price than the third quarter. So all in all, a really solid quarter for the Consumer Packaging business. If you look at the next slide, I'm showing you what happened through the course of the year. And the low margin level in the first half was really a result of what happened with the wood shortage and the fiber cost increases that happened at the end of 2009 and the beginning of 2010, but a great job recovering from that and also realizing the announced price increases throughout the year and improving ops. We've had a couple of mills where we've had operational issues for a number of years. And second, third and fourth quarter just showed sequential improvements in mill operations for the business. So the business exit 2010 in the fourth quarter 230 basis points better than the full year average. If I turn to xpedx, a lower number than expectations, but for a couple of reasons, and I'll go through those. The good news is the business is continuing to recover. And in the fourth quarter, we had our strongest revenue quarter, if you look at average daily sales for the whole year. So first half of the year was 10% lower than how we ended up in the second half of the year on revenue. And total year EBIT moved from $55 million in 2009 up to $78 million in 2010. Part of the reason for the lower earnings number in the fourth quarter is that the business has been undergoing a strategic review of business improvement opportunities, and after having completed most of the work, decided to take some charges for business segments that they'll be exiting in the retail and printing equipment segments specifically. And we're completing the work this quarter, so we'll have a lot more to talk to you about the earnings improvement runway when we release first quarter earnings. If I turn to the Ilim joint venture, another good quarter building on the third quarter's results. And if you remember, we report Ilim on a one quarter lag. So what you're seeing is our fourth quarter number for Ilim's third quarter. And we have to go back and think about what was happening with pulp prices in the second quarter of this year. We did see a step-down in pulp price from the second quarter to the third quarter, and then it began recovering during the third quarter but did not fully make up the decline through the quarter. That continues into the fourth quarter, and so we expect Ilim's performance to continue moving up. They had good operations, and also the $31 million result that we booked as equity earnings included a $12 million charge for an asset write-off related to a vacant office building that they're no longer using. So that was a one-time item that impacted their third quarter, our fourth quarter.  When you look at the three-year history of the Ilim joint venture, we finished 2010 EPS accretive, and we had record earnings for 2010. And over the three-year period, after having a good year the first year of the joint venture and then being hurt by the economic crisis in the second, bounced back, and we're now at earnings levels that are above the pre-crisis level. We've also, since the time of the investment, received $152 million in cash dividends. And the projects, the strategic investment projects, are currently under way and on track. Before I shift from the businesses to other corporate items, let me just touch on Europe for a moment. Europe, as we exited the year for the company, we were approaching cost of capital, Europe was at cost of capital all year long and had a really strong performance across all of the businesses. Our Russian Paper business, the Western European Paper businesses and our Container business, which is in Europe, Middle East and Africa, and ended the year with an ROI of 16%, basically on good demand recovery, good operations and really good price momentum. So with that, I'll switch to debt. And on Slide 26, you can see where we were at the end of 2008 with $12 billion of balance sheet debt and a $3 billion pension gap. And you see the waterfall to our results at the end of 2010, with $8.7 billion of balance sheet debt and a $1.5 billion pension gap. That pension gap is made up of about a $1.1 billion gap in our qualified plan and a $400 million gap in the non-qualified plan. So when we look at this, we say, "Hey, we've made a lot of progress on debt reduction, but we're just getting to the threshold of the targets that we had set for ourselves." On the capital spending front, we're estimating that in 2011 we will spend somewhere between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion on capital. That's after averaging $650 million on capital for the 2009, 2010 period. And it's going to really come from the result of higher maintenance and higher regulatory. You can see that on the chart, which is primarily related to the boiler MAC requirements. But we're also increasing spending on cost reduction projects and strategic projects. The cost reduction projects, where we're going to spend about $200 million more incrementally than we did in 2010, are primarily around consumption reduction projects and lowering our cost base. The strategic and the biggest one is really the Sun joint venture coated board machine that we announced last year, which there'll be a fair amount of spending on that this year. So with that, we're higher in this year the average that we set over the cycle, but we're still right in line with the $1 billion target of spending on average across the cycle, and we're still committed to that target. So let me end up on Slide 28, and I think this is a good example of what we mean by cost reduction capital. If you look at our energy efficiency progress since 2000, we've reduced our dependence on fossil fuels purchased energy by 45%. Currently, we spend $1 billion-plus on purchased energy a year, and the capital projects that we have pursued over the past decade are not very large projects. In fact, if you look at the 10-year period, we've completed close to 1,000 projects over 10 years. So these tend to be smaller, smaller dollars, quicker to implement and quicker payback. The one area of opportunity that we think we still have, in our legacy mills, we have more opportunity to reduce consumption of purchased energy, but we have a big opportunity in the Weyerhaeuser mills where we've just started implementing some of these projects.  So with that, I'll wrap it up and turn it back over to John.
John Faraci: Okay, Tim. Let me just quickly summarize again the fourth quarter. I think the slide here, and I'm looking at Slide 29, says it all. It was a good end to 2010. Again, I think we had a V-shaped recovery in our earnings performance and cash flow performance in kind of a U-shaped economic environment, certainly here in North America.  If we turn to the first quarter outlook, I guess I'd say, it's January. It's seasonally slow like it always is in January from a demand standpoint. You think the first quarter kind of looks like the fourth quarter. On all fronts, things are more or less stable, with the exception of fiber and energy, where we see some increase in cost, and we do see some improvement in the Ilim joint venture, because we're on that one quarter lag, but by and large, a kind of a stable and seasonally slow economic environment as we look at the first quarter. No surprises there. The 2011 outlook I think is quite positive. For a full year basis, we're quite positive to see good momentum. We think about 2011 as a breakout year. 2010 was a transition year coming out of the worst recession we'd had in 70 years and in our view is strong earnings improvement, ROI improvement in the cost of capital zone, and strong free cash flow to go with it. And global balance with all parts of the world contributing to International Paper. I think we'll stop right there, Tom, and take questions.
Thomas Cleves: Okay. Thanks, John. Thanks, Tim. Melissa, we're ready for our first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: I guess the first question I had, just thinking about early in the year and in January, now February, what kind of trends are you seeing from a volume standpoint if you have that visibility on some of your key products, box, containerboard, uncoated free sheet?
John Faraci: As I said, George, it's January, it's seasonally slow like it always is, and we don't have all the January numbers wrapped up. Actually, we're going to do that tomorrow morning.
George Staphos: Could you give us a bit more color on what benefit you think you might be able to get from the energy conservation projects within the Weyerhaeuser legacy mills?
Carol Roberts: Yes, I'll be glad to talk about that. We had good opportunity. I'll give you, like, a great example of one that we're implementing this year, and it would be on water conservation. And in our pulp mill IP, we've really optimized the recycling of water through our washers. And in the Weyerhaeuser system, they had not been doing that. So we're talking, George, about a project that's $4 million investment with a 50%-plus ROI, and Valliant's first up for that. So if you kind of scale that across the system, you can see that it's pretty sizable. So really, a lot of the energy projects are around some technologies, some things we put on our boilers and in the pulp mill, and now, of course, we'll continue on conservation. So I think it's still a good opportunity for us to improve the bottom line.
John Faraci: George, that's a great example of 100 projects a year that Tim talked about that are part of our capital spending.
George Staphos: So we should bank on $200 million improvement then?
John Faraci: $200 million of what, George?
George Staphos: Well, I see 100 projects and $200 million benefit here. But just generally speaking, how would you size that opportunity over the next year to two?
John Faraci: They’re not all 50% payback projects, I wish they were. We've got a good pipeline, it's not that good. You will get $100 million a year, and you got to do that to offset all the costs that go up. You got to put your capital to work to save, at least save, and we want to get ahead.
George Staphos: Strategically, and maybe taking a different tack, given that Containerboard and the Uncoated Free Sheet business have become very good returning businesses from the actions that you've taken over the last five years, but also given the fact that they're fairly mature, what do you think it means for the future in terms of you've committed to the $1 billion capital spending target over the course of the cycle, but do you think perhaps the bias on that might be lower, not higher? And similarly, given the cash flow that you're generating in the business might there be a time where you can start to take the leverage up so as to overall improve the return that you provide to your equity holders?
John Faraci: George, I'd add coated paperboard into that question about North America, that's a big important business of International Paper, and it's also in the cost of capital zone, and I'd add Europe, which includes Russia, Eastern Europe and Western Europe as well. So they're not all the big mature businesses. But to your point, we recognize those businesses for what they are. They're large markets. We've got good positions in them. We're going to stay in them, and I’d say that $1 billion is what we think capital spending will be to do two things: Take advantage of those cost-reduction projects, and we think we're pretty good at identifying and doing this stuff, and also keep our facilities competitive. And that's very important in any business, whether it's a mature one or a growing one. As far as leverage goes, we're committed to a balanced use of cash, and we've given you what our debt target is relative to EBITDA. And obviously, as EBITDA goes up, we've got more debt capacity, and we'll see how that plays out over the next several years. But we like where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Carol, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of packaging, both in terms of export demand and pricing. And also, in the past, I think you've talked about some contracts, Box contracts that would reset in the new year. Should we expect to see a little bit of incremental pricing from the 2010 initiative in the first quarter?
Carol Roberts: Yes, I can talk about that. On the packaging demand, I mean John talked about it, it is seasonal. Although I would say that in January, our actual January volume on a year-over-year basis continues to trend up on the same pattern that we've seen. The December data is out now, and December was up 3½%. So we would continue to see modest year-over-year growth on U.S. packaging demand. Relative to export, export demand still remains solid. If you look at all the economic indicators, there's global growth in all regions, and we continue to participate in that, and that's a strategic segment for us. I think as has been publicly acknowledged, there has been some downward pressure on export pricing in the fourth quarter due to some seasonal supply that became available, but I can't speculate on future pricing. But my outlook for supply and demand is that as the U.S. hits the seasonal strong second quarter, married up with strong maintenance outages, that the seasonal balance will get tighter. But overall, I think things are in very good balance with inventories, demand and pricing right now.
John Faraci: Gail, what makes us feel positive about the outlook for the Box business -- these are industry numbers now. Since the first part of 2008, box demand fell by 9% across the U.S. industry. It's up – can’t get around this -- it's up 4% in 2010. So we're still 6% down from pre-recession levels, and the economy is recovering. It's recovering at a slower rate than we'd like, but it's recovering. So we see good demand runway for these businesses in North America, whether it's coated paperboard, whether it's industrial packaging, or whether it's xpedx, as the economy continues to recover.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Carol, can you give a sense of the profitability on those export tons with the price erosion in the fourth quarter and how that might compare to kind of domestic open market sales? Is it relatively attractive?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Gail. It's definitely still relatively attractive. I would say it probably peaked in that October time frame, but it's still very attractive.
John Faraci: Gail, in some of our markets in the October time frame, we had nil nets above the domestic market, and that's going to differ around the world. So Carol’s right, there's still attractive margins.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And in terms of the operating issues in the fourth quarter, should we really think of those as done as we move into the first quarter? Or just given the extreme weather that we had throughout the first quarter, should we assume that you still have some overhang?
Timothy Nicholls: No. I think you assume they’re done. You can always have a mill issue, but most of these were small and hit a series of mills. So I think all of the ones that happened towards the end of the quarter were kind of unique and hopefully not repeating.
John Faraci: The issues have probably moved from operating to customers.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Tim, the adjustments in xpedx, is that something that would continue to be a drag in the first quarter, or again, is that something where we’d start to see some turn already this quarter?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we're going to tell you a lot more in the first quarter about what the plans are. The business has been working for about the past four months on looking segment-by-segment at how they're going to position themselves in the market and around product lines, and they're completing that work. And once we see the completion of that work, we'll know what the upside opportunity will be and what the expected cost to achieve it will be.
John Faraci: It’s a good news story. It's not a one-year implementation, but over the next two, three years, we concluded there's a lot more earnings runway in xpedx than we thought there was.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: John, just two things. When we look at your earnings in the Industrial Packaging business outside of North America, you don't have the same balance there that you're starting to develop in your Printing Paper and Consumer businesses. And obviously, you've talked about North America and virgin being good place to be. But can you give us a sense of how important it is to you strategically to build up the industrial packaging profitability outside of North America, and whether you're looking for the same kind of contribution there that you're getting in printing papers and consumer?
John Faraci: Well, remember, Mark, that the Industrial Packaging business outside North America is only a box business. And in the integrated business, the margins are much larger. We run on an integrated basis, but if you dissect it, the margins are much larger in the mill system than they are in the converting system. So frankly, our non-U.S. box business in Europe outperforms our U.S. box business, which is a whole lot larger on a return on investment basis. So we really like the position that we developed over there, which is concentrated in Southern Europe, Northern Africa in fruit and vegetables, which is a virgin line of broad-based business. But we also like being a net buyer of recycled board in Europe as well.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Does that mean we should not expect you to be looking to grow that business overseas as much? That’s what I'm really trying to get a sense of how important it is to you to grow it.
John Faraci: This is pretty impressive. Box volume in Europe was up 7% in the fourth quarter compared to the fourth quarter last year. In Turkey, our box volume I think was up 20%. So we're growing that business organically, which is obviously the most profitable and best way to do it. And if we had an opportunity to make a bolt-on acquisition that met our financial criteria, we would look at it, but we don't feel we need to be in the board business.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: One more question on fiber. You mentioned fiber pressure. When we think about Q1 of last year, obviously, there was a ton of fiber pressure because of the weather. Are you getting a sense that we're developing that same sort of problem at this point?
John Faraci: No, not on the wood side. OCC prices obviously has been trending up, but our wood cost are doing the opposite. They don't come down very far in the winter time because of weather, but we've recovered a lot of the wood cost escalation and we’re kind of stuck in a rut now. Until residual chip supplies come back on, we probably can't bring wood cost down a whole lot further. But it will get better as the first quarter moves into the second quarter and we get the weather impact.
Timothy Nicholls: Virgin fiber peaked in the late April, early May time frame last year, Mark, and it continued to fall all through the year. So I think we picked up about another $6 million in price improvement in the fourth quarter versus the third.
John Faraci: If you look at Page 61 on the appendix, Mark, you'll see that where we’ve got our fiber cost trends.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: I was wondering if you could talk a little more about uncoated free sheet volumes. North America looked like it was down 12% year-over-year. Could you give us a little color on that decline? Was it below expectations? Did it meet expectations? And are there specific segments, mail, commercial printing, cut size that are doing better than others?
John Faraci: I'll let Mark Sutton, who is here, Anthony, who runs our Printing Papers business in North America, as well as Brazil, talk to that.
Mark Sutton: The year-over-year minus 12 that's shown on that slide, a portion of that for us was we exported quite a bit more in the fourth quarter of '09 than we did in '10. We also had less capacity as we've shut down the Franklin mill. Outside of that, our experience in International Paper tracks very closely to the market. And that basically is a market that's down a little over 1%, 2010 over 2009. Underneath that, a good recovery in the printing grades, continued slight decline in the cut size paper and kind of a mixed story in envelopes and converting. Forms are down, and envelopes and other forms of converting papers are flat to slightly up. So our experience mirrored that pretty well.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc: So when you think about North American uncoated free sheet volumes declining in 2011, is it appropriate to think about that as sort of a low-single digit decline or...
Mark Sutton: Well, we've said before, we believe the structural decline is in that 3% range. But we still believe there's some recovery that can occur, and we think we could see even a flat year or a year that looked very much like 2010, which was for all practical purposes flat, in 2011. There has been virtually no recovery in about 45% of the market, which is the cut size paper, part of that we think is driven by the employment picture. So our view is probably better than a mid-single digit decline. We're looking hopefully at a flattish market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Maybe you did say this, but if we were to look at the actions in xpedx, and I'm looking more short term, I know there's some long-term things you're looking at. You were down $22 million from the fourth quarter of '09. Would you say that represents the amount of the cost you incurred, or would it have been something more or less than that?
John Faraci: That's not all the cost we incurred.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: So you would have done better year-over-year if you hadn't done sort of these actions?
Timothy Nicholls: We could have. You have to recall last year, we had, Chip, in the fourth quarter a LIFO benefit. So it's just accounting, but it clouds the numbers a little bit. It made us look a little bit better last year than we otherwise would have.
John Faraci: The thing to look at xpedx, Chip, is revenues per day. That's the key indicator, and then our operating expenses. Revenues per day prior to the recession were $30 million a day. They fell to $25 million. The fourth quarter it was $28.5 million. So revenues fell 19%, they're up 13%, but they're still down from pre-recession levels. And our operating expenses are back in the 80% range, which is where we want them in. With that equation, when sales come back, we'll be making some pretty good money. And as I've said, we’ve kind of concluded we have more earnings runway there over the next couple of years than we thought we had from a margin standpoint.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And I guess shifting gears. When you look across your businesses, I mean, certainly the margins in pulp and white paper and containerboard, while they're not back, say, to where we've seen them in the past, they're well on their way back. Bleached board, which is typical, has kind of lagged a bit. And as we look at 2011 versus 2010, would it be fair to expect that consumer packaging to maybe show more of an improvement than maybe the company average? Do you think of it that way just because it has lagged and prices have just more recently started to move up there?
John Faraci: I'll let Tom Kadien comment on that. He runs that business.
Thomas Kadien: Chip, there's a slide in the deck that shows kind of the first half, second half improvement in the EBITDA margins, and you're spot on. I mean we expect to be able to sustain that improvement and actually build on that in 2011. The backlogs are good. We had high wood cost in the first half, and we also didn't operate that well in the first half, and we had a lot of price flow-through. And we had a very much improved second half, and we're going to do better than that in 2011.
John Faraci: Chip, the trick in coated paperboard is get the mix right or run the mills well, and get the commercial side and pricing right and do all three at the same time. And we know how to do all three. We haven't been doing all three at the same time well until recently. We've now had two quarters of getting that right, as Tom said. Our EBITDA margins in that business can be as good as they are in industrial packaging and printing papers.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: You’ve had, I guess, several quarters or a couple of quarters of experience with the SCA plants that you bought in China, and can you talk a little bit about how that's going versus your expectations. And maybe as an add-on, what do you think is going to happen in terms of the board dynamics over there, whether it's quality or price, given the increasing tightness of OCC?
Thomas Kadien: This is Tom Kadien again. I've got the Asia businesses. SCA is turning out to be exactly what we thought it would be from an asset standpoint and customer standpoint. The business was in worse shape than we would like when we closed on it July 1. The containerboard pricing ran up significantly over in Asia, if you recall OCC pricing in the second quarter, and we had over a 20% run-up in our input cost. On the IP side, in our legacy plants, we recovered that. In the SCA side in the second quarter, they recovered zero of that. So that's what we walked into on July 1 when we closed. We've been trying to rebuild those margins. We had some shutdown cost of redundant facilities, sheet plants primarily. So the numbers weren't very good. Didn't meet our expectations in the first six months that we owned them, but we're already seeing price improvement. If we look at our fourth quarter delta P on the SCA plants, we were net positive versus again higher containerboard pricing in China. So we're gaining on it, and we still think it will be exactly what we thought it would be when we bought it. The market right now over in Asia for containerboard is kind of quiet. We're in the middle of Chinese New Year. But we think it's going to be -- we think OCC is relatively stable. Carol, maybe you have a better view on that, but we think containerboard pricing is going to remain high, and we still have margin to recapture and rebuild particularly at the SCA plants.
John Faraci: Tom, talk about the volume, because I think what's impressive about China is the volume growth, we got our legacy plants and the opportunity in the SCA plants.
Thomas Kadien: Yes. I mean the puzzling part of it, in our legacy plants, our box sales year-over-year were up 30% in China. And on the SCA side, it was low-single digits. On the price side, we recovered about 16% out of the 20% of the containerboard increase, and on the SCA side, it was low-single digits. So we know what the gap is and we know how to improve it.
John Faraci: So we've got a lot of runway there, Chip.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, on your slide for the first quarter outlook, you have the red square on higher fiber and chemicals, is there any way you can provide some color around the potential magnitude of that?
John Faraci: Higher. Well, oil is back up, over $100 a barrel. So that's probably a little higher than we thought it was going to be when we put this together. OCC, Tom said, looks like it's may be going sideways for a bit, so that could be a little bit lower but it’s still going to be higher than the fourth quarter number for sure. So the two drivers of the margin are demand for OCC in China, which we can't predict with a lot of certainty is. Weather, with half the country under two feet of snow, have reason to use more energy, and not ship much product and the price is going to be higher if we did it by truck.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And the magnitude on chemicals, are you seeing significant chemical increases, specifically on caustic?
John Faraci: Some on caustic, some on starch and then there's some offsets going the other way. But the meaningful pieces there are the energy-related costs, which would be freight and consumption in the mills. We're not heavily dependent on oil, mostly gas and what we see on fiber. And if fiber stays where it is, it's going to be higher than the fourth quarter number.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then, John, you talked in your prepared comments that IP was a free cash flow story. And you’ve talked about a balanced approach to use of free cash flow between debt and shareholders and M&A over the last couple of years. And in 2010 most of your cash was for debt reduction and pension, with a little bit to the dividend. Did you see that balance shifting away or a little bit more tilted towards either shareholders or M&A in 2011? Or do you think it's kind of a third, a third, a third? Or how should we think about the use of cash?
Timothy Nicholls: I think you should think of it as balanced. We've been on a very consistent path over the past couple of years. You mentioned debt. We're just now hitting the threshold of the target debt that we're aiming for. If you look at the dividend, we took it from $0.10 to $0.75, and we've said we're on a path to restore it to where we were before the crisis. We're going to spend some more on capital this year. We think that's the right thing to do. We've kind of held back on good, solid projects over the past couple of years. And investments, if we see selective investments that meet the criteria and will strengthen a business that we have, then those are opportunities too. So I think it's balanced, and we want to look at that balance, Rick, over time and not try to fit ourselves into a hard formula because opportunities don't come that way.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe just a follow-up on the M&A side. Given the significant free cash flow that you see in your business in 2011, do you see a relatively sizable pipeline, or do you see a meaningful pipeline of M&A opportunities that provide the same type of cash return opportunities as buying back your stock given the free cash flow that you see in your business?
John Faraci: Rick, let me just jump in and say, I think Tim said it very well. We're committed to a balanced use of cash. Just because our free cash flow is strong, we're not saying our view is we need to have a big M&A pipeline. That's not the case at all. If we see things that make International Paper better and meet our financial criteria in businesses we're in, we have been looking at things like that, and we'll continue to do so. And the balanced use of cash isn't quarter-to-quarter, it's over time. So as we pay down debt, obviously, we're going to be opportunistic looking about buying back, repaying debt early if the opportunity presents itself. And if we have free cash flow that we don't think we see opportunities for, the thing to do is to look for ways to effectively get it back to shareowners.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Tim, just to start out. The number on CapEx was a little bit higher than I expected for 2011, higher than I thought I was hearing you guys hint at a couple of months ago. I wondered a, was there any rollover from 2010 into 2011? And also incrementally, what had you really added over the last few months?
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, it's pretty much in line with what we've been thinking. There's always a little bit of carryover. One of the items is the board machine in China, which took a little bit longer for us to get ourselves organized and get permits in place to make sure we've got all our ducks in a row. So that's going to shift from 2010 into 2011. But it's also just managing a pipeline that we had drawn down significantly in '09 and '10. And during the course of '10, we started building that pipeline up in terms of project development. So as I said, we're going to average $1 billion over the cycle. We've been at $650 million average the past couple of years, and this by no means takes us above that average $1 billion number. We can spend $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion this year and next year and still be right on that target. So I think we're being very consistent with what we've said.
John Faraci: Mark, what we don't know is what the boiler MAC spending is going to be this year, because we don't know what the regulations are, and there's a pretty big swing there. That's why we're telling investors that $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion is probably where we're going to end up. We usually give you a more specific number, but we just don't know what the regulatory spending is going to be.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: You raised China. And John, I wondered just if you could take a minute to step back and just kind of compare your experience, Russia versus China. You've got big joint ventures in both places. And from the outside, it seems like Russia maybe actually going a little better.
John Faraci: Well, they’re two very different markets. Someone told me a number of years ago that you can't lose a lot of money in China unless you're there. So we've got to remember that. So we've been very selective in what we do. China is a very, very competitive market, and Russia is competitive too. But there aren't that many competitors in Russia, and there are loads of competitors in China. And the capacity additions in China, whether it's cement, steel, you name it, buildings or paper are significant. So again, it's all about supply and demand. For different reasons, it's tough to be successful in both those markets. I would say that part of the reason we're doing better in Russia is because we're selling to China. 2/3, or not 2/3, 80% of what Ilim makes is for export, and 90% of that goes to China. So in a way, the two are related, but the operating environment is very, very different. Russia is a tough operating environment, but for a different set of reasons.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then from just a little bigger perspective. When we went through the waterfall, still one of the biggest levers was just pricing movement. And I just wondered, now as the economy kind of starts to return toward normal, is there anything you can do in your businesses going forward to reduce that pricing volatility and to perhaps just create more stable earnings, more stable cash flows?
John Faraci: Well, we've been pretty consistent, Mark, talking about matching our supplies to our demand. And we think that is the discipline that we need to have and we'll continue to have. We took roughly 70,000 tons of downtime in the fourth quarter, again, to match supply and demand. And if you look back -- I don't want to try to forecast prices because I can't and I shouldn't and I won't. But if you look back at pricing over this last cycle, which is the most severe cycle we've had in 70 years, the pricing volatility in bleached board, in paper and in containerboard was a whole lot less than it had ever been in prior cycles which weren’t nearly as severe because of I think supply, demand management.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And I'm just wondering too, John, could you see kind of a change in the nature of kind of customer relationships particularly in the Packaging business? Maybe make it a little more of -- create a little more stable pricing or maybe mechanisms that pass cost on to customers more efficiently.
John Faraci: Well, all customers are different. They have different business models. We have different business models. Our experience is with the type of input cost we have, having certainty around pricing without having certainty around input costs has got a lot of downsides to it. And the flip side also holds true. So hypothetically, if we could match pricing to cost and get certainty around margins, that would be something we’d want to consider.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Did you take any market downtime in the fourth quarter? And are you seeing any weather fallout here in the first quarter? Valliant I think would have been right in the line of that snowstorm.
John Faraci: Well, in the fourth quarter, we took how much downtime?
Mark Sutton: We didn't have any in consumer packaging or printing papers, and, Carol, you had about 68,000.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Mark. We had some downtime in the fourth quarter. I think that's also maybe one of the lexicons we probably need to not talk about. We ran our mills to our demand and that resulted in an operating rate of 94%. We had outages. So that meant that we didn't run everything because we didn't need to. And the math would say that, that was about 80,000 tons of production that we didn't run because we didn't have orders because of the seasonal demand.
John Faraci: Carol, what about commenting on how the snowfall might be affecting your ability to cut out and ship box.
Carol Roberts: Yes. The snowstorm of this week is definitely a big event. We have a lot of box plants as does most of the country through the Midwest starting all the way over from Kansas, all the way up through to the Northeast. And we've had a sizable portion of our system that's been down yesterday, today. And my guess is that we could lose a day or so of aggregate production through that. What really matters is our customers. We need to run when our customers start their factories and plants back up, whether we call that back, whether they have the capacity call that back is yet to be seen. But one day out of 20 is probably sizing it up.
John Faraci: There’s a trucking component to that, so that's gotten all messed up. I would say there's no snow on the ground in Memphis, looking out the window here.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: So can you just based on these storms we've had, do you think there's going to be a first quarter impact from all that? Because we've actually had a couple of other pretty severe storms here in the Northeast in January.
Carol Roberts: I would say this storm is a little different in that it's so widespread and it’s really shut down large portions of the interstate and people can't get to work. So I think there's definitely, there's a lot of factories, not only ours, but our customers that are down for more days than the other storms created. So I think this one has more impact. And for us, I'd say it could be one day. So think about that as 4% February impact to us.
John Faraci: And the quarter is only 30-days old. The whole logistic system from New Mexico to Boston got affected by this last one, just look at pictures in the newspaper. So we don't know what the full-on trucking and transportation effect is yet. It’ll pass. It's a temporary thing. But we have to work our way through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: If we make the assumption of consensus earnings as roughly the base, can you give us any help on what your cash tax is or cash tax rate in 2011 might be? And also on that slide 44, where you talk about black liquor and the potential to change the methodology used to collect on. Again if we were to just assume consensus type of numbers for the next few years, what the magnitude of the impact from that shift might possibly be?
Timothy Nicholls: It's Tim. Let me start with the credit. I can't actually do what you're suggesting simply because there's a lot of variables that are in play, and let me go through a couple of them. You mentioned earnings. We could assume what First Call says and move from there. But there's other factors. There's the possibility of pension contributions that would weigh on that. There's also the issue of whether we determine at the end of the day, we think the alternative fuel mixture credit is a taxable credit or a non-taxable credit. And there's some reason to believe that the proper conclusion may be non-taxable. If we come to that conclusion, then economically it just doesn't make sense to refund or pay back the credit that we've already received and apply for the CB credit. So we've got more work to do. It's going to take us into 2011 to really nail down where we think we are. And what we took in the fourth quarter was just the benefit on black liquor gallons that we ran in 2009 but did not mix. So those were never applied for, for the alternative fuel mixture credit. And then the first part of your question was what again?
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just cash tax rate for 2011?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we've been right around $100 million in terms of cash taxes the past few years. We're going to see it step up a little bit, $200 million, $300 million, just based on better earnings among other things. It's not a huge step up, but we do expect to see an uptick over the next year or two.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: If you do determine that the alternative mixture credit would be non-taxable, what would that -- would that be roughly a $500 million benefit, or what would the magnitude of that benefit be?
Timothy Nicholls: We haven't totally quantified it, but it would be several hundred million dollars, yes.
Operator: Your question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: We know that you have to use a balanced approach to deploying your free cash flow. My question is, is the pension getting to a point where market appreciation or a potential rise in the discount rate would address the shortfalls so you’d lean more towards the debt than the pension?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I may have missed – I was having a hard time hearing the first part of your question. But you're asking about discount rates on pension?
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes, I'm just wondering if between market appreciation and a rising discount rate that the pensions shortfall would take care of itself? You don't want to overfund it?
Timothy Nicholls: No, we definitely don't want to be in a terribly overfunded position. So you're absolutely right. And that's one of the things that will take a little bit of time to determine. But 100 basis point movement in discount rate means $1 billion, $1.1 billion in terms of change in liability. So something we're watching.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: My other quick question, which is on the Middle East. I think your operations are primarily in Turkey. But if the whole region goes into mayhem, how big is that for you in aggregate?
John Faraci: We've got a joint venture box business in Turkey, which is a couple of hundred million dollars. And Turkey is in the Middle East, but it's kind of at one book-end, and we've got a wholly owned box business in Morocco, which is the other end of the Middle East. Both are good businesses, and we've seen no impact of what's going on in Egypt and Tunisia in terms of our business.
Timothy Nicholls: I think in Turkey, I think most people realize this. But Turkey is a secularist democracy and it has been a democracy for a long time. So it seems to be and has been a more stable country to operate in.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Cleves for closing remarks.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Melissa. Thanks to everybody for joining us today. Emily and I will be available by phone for further follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy Nicholls - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is LaTrisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Cleves, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, LaTrisha. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our third quarter conference call. Our speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on Slide 2 of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. The website also contains copies of our third quarter 2010 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. And with that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. As we usually do, in these calls, over the next 20 to 30 minutes, Tim and I will review our third quarter results and the performance of our individual businesses. We'll also talk about how we see the fourth quarter shaping up, and then we'll open it up for your questions. I'll just start by saying International Paper had a very good third quarter. We generated strong earnings per share, more than double second quarter levels and also generated very strong free cash flow, over $750 million. Our strong results in the third quarter were broad based, both in terms of business segments and geographic regions. Our results importantly were not just about price, volume was also up in North America and outside North America. And we continue to realize the benefits of our restructuring efforts and operated our mills and converting plants very efficiently. All which led to very solid and meaningful margin expansion. We consider our third quarter results just one more step in our journey to generating sustainable cost-of-capital returns for International Paper over the business cycle. Also during the quarter, we used our strong free cash flow to contribute nearly $1.2 billion to our pension plan and to repay $200 million of balance sheet debt. So third quarter earnings were $0.91 a share compared to $0.42 in the second quarter and $0.37 in the third quarter of 2009. Earnings in all three of our U.S. mill businesses were excellent. In fact, our North American Industrial Packaging business and Coated Paperboard businesses posted record earnings. Our EMEA Paper and Packaging businesses continue to generate strong earnings, and we also received a strong contribution in terms of EPS from our Ilim joint venture. Our earnings also benefited from reduced fixed costs driven by our milling converting plant and Distribution restructuring programs, which were initiated in 2009 and continue to deliver results in 2010. We continue to realize announced price increases. And our mills and converting plants, as I said, operated very well. Volume increases were broad based. 5% up in North America versus third quarter of 2009, and 5% up outside North America versus the third quarter 2009. So third quarter sales were $6.7 billion, up 10% from the second quarter and 14% from the third quarter of last year. EBITDA increased by 33% to $1.1 billion while EBITDA margins improved 16%. Third quarter free cash flow improved to more than $750 million, and this figure includes about $150 million in cash from land sales but also includes about $150 million increase in cash consumed by working capital. So basically, the two offset each other. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash on hand as we used some of our cash to reduce long-term debt by $200 million and negative $1.2 billion pension plan contribution. Said another way, had we not made that $1.4 billion contribution to pension plan and debt reduction, our cash balance at the end of the quarter would have been close to $2.8 billion. And I just mentioned that to emphasize our cash flow is strong. As International Paper and the industry and all industries continue to recover from the global recession, we continue to improve our return on investment, which is the key metric for International Paper. In the slide you're looking at here, shows that prior to our transformation plan, our return on investment averaged about 4%, and I'll remind you that includes land sales. Since we began to implement our transformation plan, the returns improved steadily until late in 2008. Just before the global recession, we were approaching cost-of-capital returns, then we hit the last part of 2008 and 2009. As we come out of the recession, our returns have recovered and recovered quickly, and we've achieved cost-of-capital returns in the third quarter. As we look ahead, our efforts are focused on maintaining cost-of-capital returns for International Paper over the business cycle. The $0.91 of earnings for the third quarter represents a new record of quarterly earnings for International Paper. And if we exclude earnings from land sales, we earned $0.83 in the third quarter, which is still the highest quarterly earnings ever from our operating businesses. We feel very positive about what a strong EPS we've achieved in the early stage of an economic recovery, just coming out of the deepest and longest recession we've had in the U.S. in over 80 years. We don't see 2010 as a mid-cycle demand environment in our biggest market, which is North America, and the Box business is a good example of why we see it that way. Industry demand is up 6% from the low point during the recession, but it's still 4% below prerecession levels of early 2008. So in this environment, we continue to increase our EBITDA in our margins. The slide you're looking at here, the bars on the left side of the slide, this is Slide 9, show our steadily quarterly progress in 2010, improving our EBITDA margins, and all these exclude earnings from land sales. We ended the third quarter at $3.9 billion annualized EBITDA run rate, 15% EBITDA margins. The bars on the right of this chart compare our annualized nine months year-to-date run rate for 2009 and 2010. So I'll stop here and turn it over to Tim to discuss our third quarter results in more detail and come back at the end. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We did have a very strong quarter. And the earnings that I'm about to cover resulted in cost of capital or better returns in North America and our European businesses, including Industrial Packaging, Coated Paperboard and our Printing Papers businesses. We posted modest increases in volume, coming from North American Printing Papers, Consumer Packaging and xpedx. But equally important was a very strong performance out of Europe, where we didn't see as large a seasonal drop as we normally do from second to third quarter for both our Box business and Printing Papers business. Price realizations continue for our businesses, and they're nearer to completion of the announced price increases from earlier this year. Additionally, we have increases out for North American Coated Paperboard and our European Papers businesses in the fourth quarter. Operations continue to perform very well, and we have fewer maintenance outages in the quarter. In the second quarter, you recall, we recorded a $33 million receivables write-off for North American Printing Papers business. In the third quarter, we were able to recover $16 million of that bad debt, and so the net change quarter-on-quarter is an improvement of $0.08. The Ilim joint venture delivered earnings improvement in line with our expectations, which resulted in $17 million of improved earnings to equity, equity earnings. And finally, you'll notice that on the chart there's no bar for input costs, which were essentially flat quarter-on-quarter. If you go to Slide 11, I'll cover earnings performance on a year-over-year basis. Earnings more than doubled in the first nine months of the year versus last year, and that's even with a very large increase in input cost, nearly $500 million. Volume improvements account for about 1/3 of the earnings improvement, and in North America it's been a slow gradual recovery. Outside North America, it's been a quicker recovery and a stronger recovery. In our European Box business, shipments are up 8% year-over-year, and Brazil and Asia are up double digits. Selling prices have improved as we expected. And operations, after getting off to a very slow start in the first quarter where we had low wood inventories and weather issues resulting in both mill problems and ability to run for lack of wood, have recovered quite nicely. Our manufacturing team since then have delivered $150 million in year-over-year improvement that really came in the second and the third quarter of this year. Input costs, as I mentioned, increased. We've managed to increase more than double earnings increase by $0.72 even with $0.76 in input costs headwinds, and 90% of the $475 million year-over-year input costs inflation was due to the higher fibers that I mentioned earlier. Finally, the Ilim joint venture added $81 million to our results, swinging from a loss of $56 million in the first nine months of 2009 to $25 million in equity earnings in 2010. You turn to Slide 12, it shows the changes in input costs relative to the second quarter. As I said, we had basically a flat level of inputs quarter-on-quarter. Wood and OCC [old corrugated containers] costs declined but were offset by higher energy freight and chemicals. Wood continue to decrease through the quarter. OCC dropped early and then increased near the end of the quarter. And our energy costs, on a unit-cost basis, increased in July and August but then ended up at the end of the quarter below second quarter levels. Chemical costs increased primarily due to increases in caustic soda and cornstarch. So with that overview, let me turn to the segment business performance, and I'll start with Industrial Packaging. Industrial Packaging's earnings increased 72%. Volumes were down slightly. This was really a seasonal drop. We now have such a large agricultural mix, not only in the U.S, but, as we've had historically, in Europe. That the second quarter is now seasonally our strongest quarter for corrugated packaging demand. Our operations remains strong but we had higher overhead accruals, primarily for incentive compensation and also for LIFO by about $18 million. Earnings continue to reflect the ongoing merger benefits in our operations, and the improved fixed costs results from mill and box plant rationalizations. Earnings improved to the continued realization of announced price increases and to the significant reduction in maintenance outages due to timing. On Slide 14, it shows that our volumes in North American Box business declined 1% from the second quarter, reflecting the end of the agricultural season. Box price increased by $38 during the third quarter, and North American Box volumes were up 4% versus the third quarter of '09. Box volumes in our Europe, Middle Eastern and Africa business were up 6% year-over-year. So from the end of 2009, our average box price in North America has increased by $95 per ton. All of that led to higher margins in the quarter. You can see that in the third quarter, Industrial Packaging in North America posted EBITDA margins of 21% in the quarter as compared with 22% from one competitor and 17% from the other. And in the third quarter, our North American Industrial Packaging business generated an 11% return on investment. Let me turn to Printing Papers. And I thought Printing Papers had an outstanding quarter as well. Stronger volumes, primarily in the Market Pulp business and improved price and mix, increased earnings by $60 million. Also in Europe, the third quarter is normally a seasonally lower quarter but our volumes were actually slightly higher than the second quarter. Earnings also increased due to price realizations in North America, Europe and Brazil. And I think it's important, in Europe, since the end of the year, our prices are up about EUR 80 per ton, but we're still not back at the precrisis levels of 2008. In Brazil, we continue to see price increases for export shipments to Latin America and Europe at higher input costs, mostly in Brazil and Europe. And the $49 million improvement on the chart is the swing in bad debt that I discussed earlier. So if you exclude that, Printing Papers' earnings were up about 40%. We had improvements in all regions. And 85% of the improvement came from the North American Printing Papers business, which was evenly split between both Paper and Pulp earnings. Consumer Packaging on Slide 17. Earnings increased from $49 million to $71 million in the third quarter. Improved volumes contributed $7 million, and price and mix improvements contributed $10 million. And we continue to see strong backlogs of unmade orders currently running at about four weeks of supply. Overall, we ran well, although we had higher operating costs in Shorewood. And that was the primary driver of the $8 million unfavorable number there, and we did have fewer outages in the quarter. xpedx had, again, a good quarter as it recovers its business from the crisis. It earned $22 million. Volumes improved steadily as the quarter progressed, but the unfavorable impact was somewhat offset by a margin squeeze as paper producers increased selling prices more quickly than the xpedx resale prices increase. It was encouraging, though, to see volumes increase through the quarter. We saw volumes for the Printing segment increased by 9%. In Packaging and Facility Supplies, it grew at 7% and 4%, respectively. And on a revenue-per-day basis, we averaged $29 million per day but ended the quarter at $29 million per day in September, which was the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2008. We also completed in the quarter the last significant land sale. We received $160 million in cash and extended a three-year loan for $39 million. We also retained a small interest in the partnership. So with this transaction, we've essentially completed the land sales. And at the end of this year, we'll stop reporting on the Forest Products segment. Let me turn to the Ilim joint venture, which, as you recall, we report on a one quarter lag. Sales at the Ilim joint venture increased to $465 million, and our share of the earnings increased from $5 million in the second quarter to $22 million in the third. Third quarter volumes, our third quarter, their second, were lower due to maintenance at the Bratsk mill and lower pulp shipments to China, primarily in June. Operations improved in the quarter, reflecting lower seasonal energy consumption, and we did see a significant improvement in price for both Market Pulp and Containerboard. And as we exit our third quarter looking into the fourth, we're expecting some more performance out of the Ilim joint venture for the quarter. Now I turn back to Europe, Middle East and Africa on Slide 21, and just take a minute to highlight what I thought was outstanding performance by all of the businesses there. Our operations are on track to have a record year this year. And it's important to understand that from 2008, this business was the only one that did not see a drop in earnings year-over-year. Earnings in 2010 are $364 million versus $249 million in 2009, an improvement of nearly 50%. Strong earnings have been driven by continued demand recovery, good pricing momentum and very good manufacturing and converting operations. And if you look at the table in the lower right-hand corner of the slide, it shows the returns for all of the businesses, all generating above cost-of-capital returns for the year. Let me switch gears a minute and talk about fuel credits for a moment. There's been a lot of news about what will be allowed or maybe allowed. We're currently looking at the potential of the Cellulosic Biofuel Tax Credits [CBTC]. The recent IRS ruling that companies may qualify for both the alternative fuel mixture credits [AFMTC] and cellulosic biofuel tax credits within 2009 means that International Paper may now qualify, which would be used as an offset against future income tax. We're currently assessing where we are. We can't quantify the potential benefit of the cellulosic tax credits at this time, but we think that, potentially, it could be significant. So I'll end my comments on the capital allocation slide. As John mentioned, during the first quarter, we contributed $1.2 billion to our pension plan and continue to repay balance sheet debt. And all the decisions that we're making are a reflection of our commitment to increasing shareowner value through a balanced use of capital. So with that, I'll just wrap up with a brief summary of the quarter. I thought we had great results overall both market performance and in our operations. Our execution was strong, and the organization remains focused on continuing improvement. So as we look out to the end of this year and into next year, we're focused on more operational improvements, mix improvements and cost savings opportunities. And the focus of the organization is about sustaining the level of performance that we have quarter-by-quarter. So we had a great quarter. But it's the first step on the path of building sustainable returns. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
John Faraci: Okay, Tim, thanks. I'm on Slide 24 now. And looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to continue to generate strong earnings and free cash flow but at seasonally lower levels than the third quarter, and that's why a lot of this chart you're looking at shows yellow. We're into the fourth quarter, and we all know from experience that November, December and January are usually the seasonally slowest quarters in our industry. We expect Paper Packaging volumes to decline in line with those seasonal demand trends. We expect stable Paper Packaging pricing. Maintenance outages are going to be about $30 million higher at fourth quarter than they were in the third. We do expect higher OCC costs because we ended the quarter with higher OCC costs, and we expect slightly higher cost, cornstarch costs in the fourth quarter. xpedx earnings, like the rest of our Paper Packaging businesses in North America, will also experience a seasonal slowdown after we get through October. And we expect stable contributions from Ilim, again remember, that's on a one quarter lag. And obviously, since we completed the last of our forest land sales, Forest Products' earnings are going to be off by $50 million. So this is the last slide I have here, and this just summarizes our third quarter results and our outlook for the fourth quarter. Volumes continue to recover in line with economic recovery and finished stronger at the end of the third quarter. Our average selling prices increase as the quarter progressed, reflecting a continued realization of our announced price increases. Our mills and converting plants continue to operate very well. Input costs, primarily OCC and chemicals, at the end of the quarter were flat but slightly higher than we expected. We've capitalized and continue to capitalize on the restructuring efforts, and that shows up in our increased margins and in generation of very strong earnings and free cash flow. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to be strong but seasonally slower as I said. We anticipate that the fourth quarter performance will basically be similar to the third quarter after we adjust for the seasonal volume declines and the higher maintenance outages, some minimal input cost inflation and the impact of the recurring items, which we talked about, including the land sales and the bad debt recovery. So I'll just sum up saying, we're very pleased with our postrecession progress. Our earnings and free cash flow come back faster and stronger than prior recovery periods despite the fact that this latest recession was the deepest and longest in 80 years. And I call 2010 a transition year, not a full recovery year. So as Tim said, I think we're setting the stage for a continued improvement in earnings, free cash flow and returns as we go into 2011. And with that, Tom, I guess we'll open it up for questions.
Thomas Cleves: LaTrisha, we're now ready for our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Coming back to the balanced capital allocation I mean, 2010, it looks like most of the free cash flow went to either pension and debt reduction, a little bit to dividends. Can you talk about how that might change in 2011? Will you be a little bit more tilted through returning cash to shareholders or more focused on debt reduction and pension?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, that's a good point, Rick. We talked about balance, that doesn't mean it comes in a sequential fashion. Clearly, we're making progress on debt reduction, and we're nearing the targets that we have set for ourselves. Dividends continue to be a priority, and I'd say that nothing has changed in our thinking there. What we're trying to do is make choices that drive shareowner value longer term, and we want to get to a dividend level that's affordable, sustainable for the long term. We will be talking to our board about that as we exit the year this year and go into 2011, and we'll talk about that when changes have been made. But I just remind everyone, it feels like the second quarter was a long time ago but that's when we took the last action on the dividend to increase it to the $0.50 level. So it's only been one quarter at this point.
John Faraci: Let me just step in and, I guess, say what Tim's already said. Part of our capital allocation process is returning cash to shareowners. That's why we want to be really clear with shareowners about that. And as we move into 2011, we'll be speaking with the Board of Directors about moving our dividend from where it is to a higher level, which we think is sustainable over the cycle.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe just one follow-up on the pension contribution. Tim, do you expect that there would be any need for pension contribution in 2011? And then can you just remind us what, if any, share repurchase authorization you have outstanding?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, on the share repurchase, I think we still have $250 million or $300 million from the last authorization, which goes back, I guess, to the 2007 time frame. On the pension, we don't expect any required cash contribution in 2011. And at the moment, we really don't expect any significant one in 2012. Based on need, we could continue to make voluntary contributions as we go into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: First of all, as you look at the business and the fact that you're now more or less earning cost of capital and the fact that you want to sustain that level of performance, John, do you see any areas perhaps across the businesses, even though they're performing well right now, that might be candidates for further disinvestment or perhaps some capacity closures whether it's in making paper or shutting conversion capacity?
John Faraci: I wouldn't want to speculate, George, about what we're going to do going forward. I would say we've sized our footprint in North America and in Europe to what we think is demand, and that's having a huge impact on company's cost structure. We're now running full instead of taking a lot of downtime. We're going to continue to manage our capacity very carefully. The good thing about International Paper, at this point in time, is we've got a set of businesses that can earn cost-of-capital returns over the cycle. I don't think the cycle has disappeared. But hopefully, the cycles aren't as volatile as they had been given our geographic balance and the fact that we're managing our capacity very closely to demand.
George Staphos: Switching gears, John -- I appreciate that color. If we look at Europe, what do you attribute the, if you would, better-than-expected demand in shipment trends there to? And how sustainable do you think that trend is and more broadly within Papers? I realize you don't think you're at peak here then. We're not even at mid-cycle yet, but do you worry perhaps that Papers, in aggregate, might be closer to a peak?
John Faraci: No, I don't, George, for this reason: We're really tilted in Europe to the East. Our European business is heavily weighted to Eastern Europe and Russia, Poland. Our facility in Svetogorsk, where Eastern Europe demand growth is still positive and the markets are growing. And the Box business there, our unit volume is up 7% at the least. And we really positioned ourselves in the ag business in Southern Europe, Northern Africa and Turkey. Our Turkey volume is up 20% year-over-year. And we're also doing a good job in the industrial markets, in places like France, in winning business. So with a focused sales effort, even in a weak economy, we've been winning some business. So clearly, Western Europe, and we got 1 mill in Western Europe now, Saillat, which is France, is serving a market that is mature, like the U.S. market, although it didn't look like it got the same structural decline underlying it, maybe down one to two. So we think we're well positioned over there. And as I say, what's contributed in improving the returns are really three things: we've done restructuring to get two mills that were high cost and losing money out of the system, we've improved our mix at Svetogorsk significantly by making more liquid packaging board and aseptic packaging and we're growing our volume in the Box business. And those three things, internally, have really been a big driver of the earnings in addition to the price improvement.
George Staphos: Consumer Packaging. What two or three elements of the strategy do you expect should get you to close to cost of capital or above that in the next year or two?
John Faraci: Over there and the biggest piece of Consumer Packaging was the Coated Paperboard business. That's where the capital is tied up. The Foodservice is right on the edge. And we're pretty confident that we've got plans there on, really, volume and mix to get the cost-of-capital returns. Our challenge is Shorewood. But Shorewood got very little capital tied up in Shorewood, so it's not a needle mover. And what we need to do is stabilize revenues there and rightsize the North American footprints to the level of demand we have.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Following on George's question, if we disaggregate some of the business segments and just look at containerboard to mills and boxes together, can you give us a rough estimate of where the cost-to-capital return is? Where the return is there relative to cost to capital? And the second question, just a bigger picture, what is your medium-term view on the outlook for North American Containerboard demand? We've just gone through a decade where demand really didn't do much of anything and RICI [Rogers International Commodity Index] is talking about steady growth over the next decade. And I'm wondering how you think about preparing for the next 10 years of Containerboard domestically.
John Faraci: Well, we run the business, the Containerboard business on an integrated basis, Mark. Although we measure all of the box plants on their own standalone profitability because those general manager challenge to make standalone profit with a capital tied up there. But the end of the day, you look at the return for all the capital we have invested in the business because we're about 80% integrated. And so on that basis, as Tim said, we made an 11% return in the third quarter, and we think we can build on that going forward. As far as box demand goes, I mean, you may even kind of draw these charts anyway you want. I think the simplest way to do it is just look at U.S. Box shipments over the last 15, 20 years, and 2008 was not a great year for box demand. I think the box demand was down relative to the 2004, '05, '06, and '07, so we kind of say that maybe represents the mid-cycle year. And we're still 4% below where we were the first part of 2008, and that's with 20% of the market, which is the durable segment, being really, really soft. I mean, take the housing-related sectors, we're not going to have 500,000 housing starts forever. Who knows when they're going to return to more of a normal level but that normal level is like 1.5. And so I think there's a lot of pent-up box demand associated with the U.S. economy over time returning to its more normal level of economic activity. So we don't see the Box business as the one that can't have 1% to 3% growth over the next 5 to 10 years. There'll be up cycle in it for sure. But I mean, using that comparison I gave you of today versus beginning of 2008, I think, is a good reference point.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: It's Mark Wilde. One is just on the Asian Packaging business. I wondered if you can address both profitability in that business, which still seems to me to be relatively low, and then kind of growth plans in the business. You bought the SCA business, and I think you're in the process of building another very large machine in the Sun joint venture.
John Faraci: Though we've announced that machine, we haven't started it yet. In the Box business, the objective is not to grow. The objective is to make money, so we've got plenty of capacity. The SCA plant is running at about 40% of capacity. So the objective there is to profitably sell that volume out, and we think we can do that. Our legacy business, that was part of our packaging business over there, was growing at double-digit levels this year. And we think, going forward, we can get the SCA business do the same thing.
Timothy Nicholls: And I think, Mark, if you look at it, we see some of the same types of opportunities, combining those two businesses, that we saw around the synergies and warehouse and combining it with our legacy business. So we've had it for 90 days. And I think it takes time, but I think it'll come quickly.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I have just a couple of questions around Industrial Packaging. One, I wondered if you could just give us some sense of whether the business over in Europe just got squeezed is kind of containerboard prices have run up so sharply in Europe and Europe, mainly non-integrated, so you're buying containerboard and selling boxes. And then secondly, in the North American business, it strikes me, if you look at the EBITDA margins for you and some of your competitors in the third quarter, and I'm thinking about one that had a 22% margin in the third quarter, if I go back and look at, say, 2000, when containerboard prices averaged about $450, actually EBITDA margins were higher than, than we've got right now with containerboard price just north of $600. Have cost gone up that much or is there something that's going on with the margins in the converting business?
John Faraci: Let me talk about Europe for a minute. We are non-integrated there, Mark, and our earnings in Europe are up significantly year-over-year even with higher containerboard prices. So it's called delta P, difference between price of paper and the selling price. We've done a great job of managing the mix of business, so that we've had marginal erosion on delta P because there's no way we could have improve our earnings by almost 50% in that business year-over-year just on volume. It's on being able to maintain margins. I think the industry, both in paper in North America -- and I'll let Carol jump in here, Carol Roberts, if she wants to add anything. But in both those businesses, the nature of the business and the industry has change. So I don't think looking back at history is necessarily the determining factor in saying what margins will be or can be. I think it's all about what the industry shape and that supply and demand look like going forward. And we were dramatically different company in terms of our structure and what we think about the business than we were five, 10 years ago. And that's true both in paper and in packaging. So I don't think the past is any indicator of what margins will be or could be. They're going to be determined by what happens going forward.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And as finally, John, would you have any thoughts on just the recent weakening we've seen in the dollar, and how you think that's going to affect IP over the next few quarters?
John Faraci: Well, the full-on effect really impacts our customers more directly than it impacts us. It certainly has second-order effect implications of keeping products out of the U.S. because of the other stronger currencies, let's say, in Europe, but to the extent that our customers are export oriented. And then our Consumer Packaging business and our Industrial Packaging business, we have a lot of customers who are export oriented. That help them grow their business, and that helps us grow our business because obviously our business is going to be as good as our customers. The next challenge is, Mark, in Brazil.
Operator: The next question come from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the current environment in Industrial Packaging. Where you stand in terms of your inventories? And also just how the market feels compared to maybe six months ago?
John Faraci: Carol, do you want to take that?
Carol Roberts: Gail, I would say the current environment still feels very good. We saw pretty good demand in the third quarter. The industry stats, up 2.6% year-over-year, and we've seen that growth continue. September was a strong month. So as I look at the overall picture, the things that we say are important, balancing our supply to our demand, remains the number one priority. So when you look across, you see slow steady Box growth. We see strong export demand. We see still inventory at still historically low levels, particularly on weeks of supply. So it's still feels very much imbalance for us, and we're going to continue to manage that. So I feel very good about the fundamentals in Industrial Packaging right now.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And just a quick follow-on on that, can you talk a little bit about the export opportunities for board? Are those holding up? Is it still something that would be a potentially better mill nets than what you're seeing domestically?
Carol Roberts: Well, Gail, as you know, even when we went through the tight times, we view exports strategically as an important part of our portfolio, with a 10-million ton footprint. So we did not exit the export markets through this past year. So our export shipments have held up pretty well. We did get an opportunity to grow with that this past year, which has been good. So we've been in those markets this whole time. And as everybody knows, the pricing in those markets has gone up due to supply-demand balance, and that's been good for us. So those markets remained good. They remained strong for us, and the fact that we were there throughout has helped us with our customer relation.
John Faraci: And some of the markets, Gail, the mill nets are better than they are domestically, but that typically the spot market in export not, as Carol said, the strategic market. But margins have improved there to where they're comparable, which is what you would expect in a tight supply-demand market globally. That's where we are for kraft liner board.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And just a couple of questions on costs. You talked about OCC. You talked about chemicals. Can you talk a little bit about your outlook for wood costs moving forward?
Timothy Nicholls: Gail, we expect this as -- it's been coming down since the peak during the second quarter. And right now, we've got great conditions to keep managing it down. So I think it'll keep drifting down through the fourth quarter and into the first, unless, all of a sudden, the weather changes dramatically. But if you recall, this time last year, the mid-South and Southeast was pretty much underwater. We couldn't even get into the woods to harvest. We took the opportunity during the summer to build better inventory levels going into the wet season, and now we've had the benefit of the wet season not coming so quickly. So I expect it'll keep moving down into next year.
John Faraci: There's probably going to be a drift down, Gail, because we've had a step change in wood costs. We don't see another step change in wood costs until chips supply has come back on. There's a huge chunk of the wood supply in the South that's still on the sidelines because of the weak demand in housing, and that's the big source of our fiber. When we don't have that, we got to go further to get wood. So I don't think there's going to be -- even though we have good inventories and big step change in wood costs, it'd just be a drift.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: On the compensation accruals, in aggregate, did those come in, in line with what you expected? And how should we think about that as the swing factor moving into the fourth quarter?
Timothy Nicholls: They did come in pretty much in line with what we were expecting, and they're reflected in all of the businesses results. What didn't come through quite as much as we thought it would, would be the change in LIFO expense, and that can be somewhat volatile. But that came in a little bit better than what we were thinking.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And for the fourth quarter, is there some thing [ph] that should come down or is it going to remain kind of at that level?
Timothy Nicholls: I think it'll be at the same level. I don't want to expect a big quarter-on-quarter delta.
Operator: Next question comes from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Tim, the first question is, you've put quite a bit into the pension plan this year and obviously a headwind as we look at 2011 as the lower corporate interest rates. But as you look at it today, can you give us a rough idea? Do you think that with the contributions that you put in this year of $1.2 billion, that your pension expense has a shot at coming down next year if we sort of look at where the markets were today and interest rates?
Timothy Nicholls: I think it does, but we'll see at the end of the year when we remeasure everything. I mean, on a net-net-net basis, I think we've made some ground with pension contributions this year. Our performance, return on assets, has been pretty good. Right now, if I had to estimate it, I'd say we're somewhere between 10% and 11% return on assets and the plan. So we'll see what happens with the interest rates. That's the number that can move the GAAP dramatically, but I feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And then I noticed on the slide you were looking for stable packaging prices, which in containerboard is pretty obvious. But when you look at bleached board, we've seen a lot of strength there, including the October pricing data from RICI. And I know you guys are close to 400,000 tons here. I don't know if any of the European paperboard is bleached, but I mean, could that be a slight up if you look at just bleached board? And it would seem like you could see $50 a ton there on average at least in the fourth quarter versus the third.
John Faraci: Why don't you let Tom jump in on that because he's here.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, just to clarify, in the European piece of it, it is bleached board.
Thomas Kadien: Yes, Chip, right now, the backlogs are very strong here in North America. We're still over 500,000 tons unmade orders. We will get some realization on the folding increase that is announced and in, in the marketplace already in the month of October. So that our exit rate will be higher coming out of the fourth quarter than it was coming out of the third. And we feel pretty good going into next year from a demand and from a pricing standpoint.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: As you guys look at the whole black liquor situation, at least as a thought process where you decide sort of if and how much you want to switch from the alternative minimum to the cellulosic biofuels, you would then take the $0.50 that you do switch and, in essence, you'd have to pay that back to the government and then you would have to, I guess, apply for the higher credit. And if you did that, would that first have to go against an amended '09 return? Or could you use it, in fact, to reduce your estimated taxes on '10 or '11?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, you can carry it forward, and that's exactly what we would look to do. And if we see that there's a benefit there that we can realize, we'll try to time it, such that anything that we're giving back is timed close to when we would file an amended return and get the benefit from the cellulosic biofuel credit.
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I was curious if you could help us with the exit prices of some of the key products relative to the third quarter averages?
Timothy Nicholls: Without going through the number by number, we were realizing price increases right through the quarter. So I don't know if each of the Business Manager wants to speak to their own piece. But I guess the way I'd summarize it, Pete, is we're pleased with where we are. In containerboard, for instance, on a year-to-date basis, we're up $95 through the end of the quarter. So we had a very large number of announced increases. And I think, at this point, we're 85% of those announced increases for the operating businesses.
John Faraci: Pete, I'm just looking here, I'd say Europe was up. Boxes were up. At this end of the quarter in our Boxes were up. Pulp was down. Bleach board, Tom just talked about, was up. In Asia, bleach board was down. And in export markets, it was kind of stable. Export markets, paper out of Brazil and containerboard out of the U.S.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Maybe a question for Carol on Industrial Packaging. Clearly, very strong performance. As I look at this business on a year-over-year basis, it looks like you're up $72 year-on-year on price, and I think you mentioned 5% on volume. So I would think that the price variance and the volume variance, alone, would drive at least the kind of variance we saw, not to mention you had some cost-cutting. Are there certain cost elements, as I look at this year-over-year, that kind of held that back? Anything onetime that held back the third quarter or any light you can shed on that comparison?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Pete. That's a good question. If you look at the operations, where we have done better, we've got the full benefit of the rationalization. Our consumption cost in our mills for fiber, energy are down. And I'm sitting next to my boss here, but what really held us back is if you just look at the incentive comp and the fuller [ph] corporate charges year-over-year, they are quite different. And that's kind of masking a bit the on-the-ground improvement that we're getting in our Box plants and in our mills. But I think, over time, that, that will become transparent and work its way out. But those are kind of put into the same bucket because they are costs from wherever they come from. But I do feel good about the progress we're making in our operations and in the cost lines that matter over time.
John Faraci: Pete, if you look at the -- it's in the appendix, I think it's Slide 47. You see what pattern the OCC price is indexed, and OCC prices in 2009 were a huge tailwind. This year, there are headwind. That said, we actually benefit from higher OCC prices because it moved the cost curve up. And we're running 35% OCC relative to virgin fiber.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: John, you mentioned earlier that you had taken steps to rightsize the footprint even uncoated free sheet, you're still enjoying growth in Eastern Europe, Russia, Brazil. Can you share your views, though, on a secular basis? I mean, is the growth in these emerging markets enough to offset the mature nature of Western Europe and the U.S. for uncoated free sheet? And how do you think about, on a going forward basis, managing supply along the lines of what you've done at Franklin?
John Faraci: We're still committed to managing our supply base, wherever we are, and we don't see a -- Franklin was a very tough decision. It was a hard one to make because of the impact on the community and the employees, but we needed to make it. And the benefits of having made that tough decision are showing up now. We really haven't looked at demand offsetting what's going on in the U.S. because the only supply position we have is kind of inter region, it's Brazil and the Europe. And that's replacing the high costs of mill, non-integrated mill we shut down on Scotland. And we're going to pull that volume back into Latin America, and so Latin American region grows. We're practically out of capacity in Russia. So between Ilim and International Paper looking at how we can meet the demand in that market, we continue with Eastern Europe grows. All we do is we just tighten up our mix to the highest margin markets for paper and bleach board out of Poland. And we know that Western Europe is going to be flat at best, and the U.S., over time, is going to decline. But this year next year, it could be flat to up, at least. Flat was unemployment at 10%. And with cut size being attach to white collar employment in terms of consumption, that's pretty good outcome.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Wondering how much integration benefits do you yet have to be realized within the containerboard system?
Carol Roberts: On the integration benefits, we pretty much have gotten the integration benefits. So we're not calling that integration anymore. We really completed that fast and early. What we're working on now is continuing to unlock the potential of the combined business, so that's our continuing improvement efforts. And there's still a lot yet to be done. Examples are great rationalizations through the system, the closure of the two mills that we did. We just, in the Box side, announced the tough stuff that we did, another plant closure in Spartanburg, a downsizing at Shreveport. So we still got a lot of opportunity of what the combined businesses can do together and what we can leverage, both in the market and on the cost side. But I would say that from integration perspective, we're done.
John Faraci: Steve, across International Paper, the future earnings runway is not just volume and price. We've got pretty healthy and sizable margin expansion strategies in each of the business, which are independent on what happens to volume and price, which is good news because it means we've got a platform for improving our margin and earnings going forward, no matter what the macro environment is.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I guess it's also pertains to containerboard. But philosophically, if you are earning your cost to capital in containerboard in Q3, would it be reasonable to say that you're seeking economic rents with the third price increase?
John Faraci: Pricing in this business and all other business is a function of demand, supply and inventory levels. And I guess I would just say, we don't think about it as economic rents. We think about what are the fundamentals of the business. Export demand remains healthy. Inventories, as Carol said, are at historic lows. And Box demand in the U.S., it's positive, and those are all good.
Operator: Last question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: First, just quick follow-up on that cellulosic biofuel question. In terms of timing, do you have to make a decision on whether you're going to make a shift by a certain point? And does it all have to be at once? Or basically as you see how profitable you are, can you be making piecemeal decisions along the way?
Timothy Nicholls: I think we'll be going to look at it kind of year-by-year, Mark. That doesn't mean that we won't come to potentially a determination at a point in time and say what we think the overall benefit it and then reflect that in our earnings, but we're still sorting through all of that. So it's just not clear at this point whether they'll be one quarter where we estimate the benefit and take the benefit or whether we'll work it out over time. The benefit itself, if it comes, will likely be over time.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And is there a date by which that benefit will have to have been accomplished where essentially...
Timothy Nicholls: By 2015.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then second, I guess mostly for Carol. Were you surprised that, that third price increase -- as you were looking at your business, did you come away with anything instructive as to how that third price increase ultimately did not get put in place or got rescinded? And were you surprised, and just maybe help provide some color on your thoughts on that whole process.
Carol Roberts: Sure, Mark. To be honest, yes, we were surprised that the increase was rescinded. We had announced and implemented with our board customers and we were actively talking to our box customers. That said, we have not changed our view of what we believe is important for International Paper, which is balancing our supply to our demand. And today, once again, we see slow steady box growth, we see strong export demand. We see historically low levels of inventory, given the current box demand. And these are all good indicators for the health of our business and the actions that we're going to take going forward. And you have to remember, we're running fairly full right now, but it's in a footprint that's 10% smaller than it was when we started this journey. So it's not going to change that path that we stay on and what we're trying to get done here.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And so is it fair to say that there was an experience that's going to necessarily make you gun shy related to having to rethink when markets are appropriate to be raising prices, et cetera?
Carol Roberts: I think you just have to evaluate points in time for the merits of them at that point in time. And I think John said earlier, history isn't necessarily the dictator of the future, and you just have to manage your business as it presents itself. And our fundamentals and our beliefs say they're pretty clear.
Operator: That was the last question. Are there any closing remarks?
Thomas Cleves: The only thing I could say is thanks for joining our call today, and Emily Nix and I will be available by phone for follow-up questions. Thanks, LaTrisha.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Timothy Nicholls - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the International Paper 2010 Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Cleves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Paula. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our second quarter earnings conference call. Our speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We'll also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP measures is available on our website, and our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2010 press release and today's presentation slides. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us for the second quarter results call. As we typically do over the next 20 to 30 minutes, Tim Nicholls and I are going to review our second quarter results with you and the performance of the individual businesses. We'll also share our third quarter outlook, and then we'll open it up to your questions with a Q&A session. I start out by saying we're very pleased with the results we achieved in the second quarter. Coming out of the deep recession in 2009 and operating in an overall economic environment, it's improving but certainly not robust. We significantly improved our earnings in the second quarter. Before special items, earnings more than doubled versus the second quarter of 2009, and they were far better than the earnings in Q1, which is the low point for International Paper.  So quickly, the headlines. Revenues increased by 6%. This is the first quarter of revenue growth since late 2008. It was both volume and price. Margins expanded in all businesses. We had strong free cash flow generation, and importantly, all businesses both in North America and around the world, turned in strong second quarter profits. EPS in the second quarter was $0.42, up from $0.04 in the first quarter and $0.20 in the second quarter of 2009.  Our second quarter results benefited from our global balance with all of our businesses outside the U.S. recording strong operating results. Our European Paper and Packaging business, which includes our Russian operations in Svetogorsk, also generated record earnings in the second quarter as did our Asian operations. Our milling-converting operations performed very well in the quarter, which made a contribution to earnings, and profits continue to come from our ongoing cost-reduction efforts.  Fiber costs declined during the quarter, but they remain high compared to historical levels. And I also like to point out that we generated our strong second quarter results despite a $120 million in maintenance outage expenses, about $38 million more than the first quarter or about $0.05 a share, and the second quarter was our high watermark for maintenance outages during the year.  So quickly, on the numbers. On second quarter sales were $6.1 billion. It's at the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2008. EBITDA increased 40% to close to $800 million, $782 million to be exact. Free cash flow improved over $350 million, and importantly, we continue to reduce our long-term debt. In the quarter, we reduced it by $100 million and increased our cash balance on hand by $200 million from $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion.  So we're on Slide 7 now and that's comparing the second quarter of 2010 to the first quarter of 2010, and this slide shows our sequential operating improvement. As you can see, realized price increases added the most to second quarter earnings at $0.29 a share, improved volumes in Paper and Packaging added $0.05, strong mill operations and cost-reduction activities, and what you're seeing here is a flow-through of the facility decisions in May, both in the Containerboard business and box plants. And in Europe, we're starting to flow-through, adding to our earnings. We continue to monetize our Forest Resource assets. In this case, in the second quarter. We sold some mineral rights, which added $0.05 to our earnings.  A bit of a headwinds here, our largest envelope customer filed for bankruptcy during the quarter, which led to a $0.05 charge. And in our North American Premium Papers business, we hope to recover some of this amount in the future, and if we do, we'll recognize it in future periods. And finally, the Ilim joint venture continue to improve. And remember, that's on a one quarter lag, and they added $0.02 to our earnings compared to the first quarter. I think it's also instructive to look at kind of the first half of this year versus first half of last year, and they are of somewhat different story. Again, a lot of improvement, $0.46 year-to-date this year versus $0.28 for the first six months of 2009, but you see the impact of volume here. As the global economies have recovered, we've been able to sell more volume in almost all of our Global businesses, and that increased earnings by almost $0.40 a share, $0.37.  Selling prices however fell in 2009. And while it had been recovering, it's important to note selling prices still remain below 2009 levels. This reduced earnings by $0.10. The operating costs are very favorable, again reflecting good operations. The smaller footprint we have, we would've made adjustments to reflect the supply and demand and also ongoing cost-reduction activities, headcount reductions across the company and fewer converting facilities.  Maintenance outages reduced earnings by $0.05, and we've already completed 2/3 of our 2010 outages. Input costs, first six months of this year versus last year were unfavorable. Fiber costs were up a lot, and freight costs were also unfavorable. And this is somewhat offset by a decline in chemical costs. And again, over on the right, you can see the impact of the earnings improvement from the Ilim joint venture. On Slide 9, which shows our EBITDA trend, I think it support the [ph] Chart, and we've been showing you this for several calls now. We're continuing to improve our EBITDA and, importantly, our EBITDA margins. Despite the kind of the lag effect of the recession 2009, we generated EBITDA in 2009 of $2.8 billion or 12%. In the first quarter, that was the -- I did a low-tide mark, EBITDA was at a run rate annualized $2.3 billion, margin just 10%. In the second quarter, our EBITDA run rate improved to $3.1 billion and a margin of 13%. Again, that's reflecting the combination of price, volume and ongoing cost reductions and very strong operations.  During the first quarter call, we said that we expect the input cost to decline during the second quarter but on average, we thought they'd remain about the same as the first quarter levels, and that's exactly what happened. Input costs were about $0.02 unfavorable per share in the second quarter.  These next two slides will show what's been happening to two of our biggest input costs, wood cost and recycled fiber cost. Slide 11 shows you our wood costs. They declined from first quarter levels but still remained a lot higher than they were in 2008 and 2009. Harvesting conditions has returned to normal because we've had more normal weather patterns. Harvest levels have increased and wood costs have started to decline. Slide 12 shows the pattern for OCC cost, and OCC costs have risen significantly. They rose significantly 2009 and in the first quarter of 2010, but they've started to decline. But like wood costs, they remained significantly higher than 2009 levels.  As I mentioned up front in our headlines, what we call our EMEA business, that's Europe, the Middle East and Africa, had posted very strong results. I just want to highlight it in here, because I think it shows the benefit of the global balance International Paper has. These businesses generated $245 million from operating profits in the first half, a 55% increase over 2009, and they accounted for 11% of our sales but 18% of our total EBITDA. So think of that as our European and Russian Paper business and our European-Turkey-Morocco Corrugated Box business. And EBITDA margins improved from 12% last year to 19% this year. Both these businesses, Paper and Packaging, generated well above cost-of-capital returns. And the results include the benefit of the permanent shutdowns of the Inverurie uncoated freesheet mill, which is part of the Paper business, and the Etienne recycled containerboard mill, which is part of the Packaging business. We got two facilities out and improved our earnings as a result. And there are a lot of other things going on in that business as well, and we're very positive.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Tim Nicholls who will discuss the second quarter results in a little bit more detail by business segment. Then we'll talk about the outlook for the third quarter and your questions.
Timothy Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. Industrial Packaging had a significant jump in earnings from the first quarter to the second quarter, ending the quarter with $193 million in earnings. And it was really driven by box volumes and price realizations.  In North America, our box volumes were up 8% from the first quarter levels and shipments were at the highest levels since before the economic crisis began. Export has continued to be strong, although we did make some decisions around pulling export volume, some of our export volume back to make sure that our integrated chain have the liner board that it needed given the strong demand.  Price realizations were right on the pace that we expected, both here in North America and also in export markets where we've seen a rapid increase in selling prices over the past quarter, and we had fewer mill maintenance outages in the quarter in North America. That drove the $30 million in earnings. But the first half of the year was a very heavy outage period for Industrial Packaging, and through the first half, the business has now completed 80% of its maintenance outages for the year. European box shipments were flat quarter-on-quarter but really probably stronger than we thought they would be, because the second quarter starts to seasonally slow given the fruit and vegetable seasons, the way they run, and we had flat box shipments. So they turn in a strong performance, and the business there again generated a cost-of-capital return in the quarter and has for the first half of the year.  If you turn to the next slide, I just like to talk about the North American Industrial Packaging business for a moment. Second quarter EBITDA margins were up 70% from the first quarter trough, and we expect margins to continue to grow in the third quarter. And our second quarter exit rate for the business was approaching a cost-of-capital return.  So if you turn to Slide 16, it shows the EBITDA progress for our North American business. And after coming through what's been really the worst recession we've seen with box demand falling off more than 10% then back to overall, back to 1993 levels and coming into the first part of this year, where we had elevated fiber cost, operating profits have held up reasonably well.  And if you focus on the green columns there, we had a run rate in the first half of $1 billion of EBITDA, and we ended coming out of June at $1.5 billion. So I think the business is positioned for a strong second half, and I'm very confident to the earnings power that we have going forward here. Let me shift to Printing Papers now. And even with flat volume in what was a very heavy maintenance-outage quarter, higher input costs and the large bad debt expense that John referenced earlier, we still increased earnings by 25%, and it was really due to price realizations as well as strong operations and fixed cost savings. The elimination of the fixed cost at the Franklin mill and the strong ops in the U.S. mills and Brazil added $23 million.  Europe performed well, and we really saw strong performance across all of the Printing Papers businesses. European margins expanded by 150 basis points. Earnings recovered in Brazil with higher shipments, price improvements and very good operations. And given the bad debt expense, our margins in North America were down 100 basis points. But if you take that out and look at it on a run rate basis, we were up by 250 basis points. I'll now turn to Consumer Packaging, where margins improved by 150 basis points and earnings were up nearly 60%. Even though we had much higher input costs, especially at Texarkana, given the hardwood mix there and we also had higher pulp costs at the Sun joint venture in China. We had strong volumes in all the regions. North American order backlogs through the quarter were over 2x what they were at the height of the economic crisis.  Price realizations were right on pace, right in line with what we had expected for the quarter. And operations improved significantly, mostly in the North American mills. We did have a heavy outage quarter for Consumer Packaging, and in the quarter, they accomplished about 50% of the total mill outages that they'll have for the year. Let me just spend a moment on fixed cost reductions. By the end of this last quarter, we had completed all of the announced permanent closures in the North American mill system and have eliminated all of the fixed cost from these mills. The operating costs that we're experiencing around some of the closures is temporarily higher given some of the transition of grades and supply chains to move the grades into the mills where they're going to be produced, but those expenses we expect to come down over the balance of the year. And we've also eliminated all of the fixed cost in the European mills that we shutdown, the Inverurie uncoated freesheet mill and the Etienne recycled board mills. So by the end of the second quarter, from a fixed cost standpoint, we had hit the $225 million run rate of fixed cost reductions globally. xpedx earnings increased to $26 million. And we're seeing some pickup in volume, and it seemed to accelerate slightly at the end of the quarter. But the real story here, at this point, is still waiting for pricing to continue to improve and still managing costs very aggressively. And it's really, at this point, the aggressive cost management that has driven the earnings improvement. On the Forest Products side, we announced the mineral rights sale, which closed in the quarter, generating $39 million in operating profits. And we also have recently announced that we've signed an agreement with Rock Creek Capital Partners to sell the majority of the remaining land for $200 million, plus an ongoing profits interest, and we expect that sale to close this quarter. And once we do that, that'll effectively complete our land sales program. Now let me turn to the joint ventures, and I'll start with the Sun joint venture. The joint venture generated record operating profit in the second quarter and has had above cost-of-capital returns for the first half of this year. International Paper's share of the profit was $13 million, which was similar to our first quarter levels, but double that of the second quarter last year, continuing to see very strong demand growth and expect that demand will continue to grow in China in the 8% to 9% range. And recently, the joint venture and the IP boards have approved the addition of a new 550,000-ton board machine, which should start up in early 2012.  If I shift to Ilim, and again, I'll remind you that we report the results of Ilim on a one-quarter lag, sales at the joint venture increased by 10%, and our share of the earnings increased to $5 million. We saw Pulp shipments increased by 4% and Containerboard by 1%. And prices began to move up with a $56 increase in the quarter, which is really from our fourth quarter to our first, and Containerboard prices increased by $22 a ton.  So when we look at Russia, we see an economy that has stabilized. Demand and prices for our market pulp continued to improve in the quarter. Domestic demand for paper and board also improved. In July, we received a $34 million cash dividend from the joint venture, which brings our total dividends received since we've been a part of the joint venture to $152 million or approximately 25% of our original investment.  Recently, the board, the Ilim board has approved the resumption of the original strategic capital plan, which was focused on value-added paper products for Koryazhma and also leveraging the pulp assets in Siberia. And so those two projects, the first one is the $700 million new pulp line at the Bratsk Pulp Mill, which is scheduled for start-up in the second quarter of 2012. The joint venture has improved the installation of an uncoated freesheet, a machine at the Koryazhma mill, which will have 220,000 tons of paper, including 165,000 tons of uncoated freesheet, and with the approval of a coating line, 55,000 tons of coating base paper. So that will also start up in 2012.  So before I turn it back over to John, let me just touch on capital allocations for a moment. The slide here shows some of the actions that we've taken this year around the dividend and the investments that we've recently announced, both for SCA Packaging in China and the Sun joint venture coated paperboard machine. Earlier this week, we continued our debt-reduction efforts by making a $500 million cash contribution to our pension fund. And through the quarter, we reduced long-term debt by $100 million.  So with that, John, I'll turn it back over to you.
John Faraci: Okay, Tim, thanks. I'm going to take a minute and try to describe how we see the current global macroeconomic conditions. And we've got a map here, we've tried to color it and just give you a sense of how we're seeing the business environment.  I'd say, overall, it's positive but it's mixed. Our biggest market is here in the U.S., where we had 70% of our sales. I think the best thing we can say about the U.S. economy is, it's out of the recession but it's in a transition. Growth has been positive. But as we look at what's happened in June and July, we'd say the economy is still growing, but it's growing at a slower rate.  The outlook for economic growth is better elsewhere, especially in Russia, Latin America and China. Europe, where we do business, it's mixed. Germany and Poland are quite strong, and Turkey. The balance of Europe, for the most part, looks like North America. There is some better news though, I think all the concern about whether some of these countries in Europe are going to really pull Europe back into a recession, both Greece and Portugal have been able to raise money recently. China, as we all know, is very, very strong. Russia is growing at about a 4% to 5% rate this year, and Latin America is also expected to grow in the 5% range, but obviously, that's very important for us since we're the major paper producer in that part of the world.  So looking ahead to the third quarter. We expect volumes to continue to grow, although at a slower pace. We expect to continue to realize our announced paper and coated board price increases, and we expect significant incremental realization of our announced North American corrugated packaging price increases. The third quarter is also going to be our latest maintenance outage quarter in North America, and we'll see a slight increase in European outages. But overall, it's going to be a plus for us. We expect input costs to flatten out but stay relatively high. We do, however, expect a favorable trend in our wood costs and we're less certain about the outlook for OCC. We're also seeing a third quarter significant increase in other cost, and these are primarily quarterly true-ups of annual estimates for LIFO, legal cost and compensation.  So I'm on Slide 29, and let me just summarize here. The second quarter was a good quarter. Volume recovery was in line with the economic recovery. We got significant price increase realizations. We've reduced our fixed cost. We had strong operations, in fact, the kind of operations International Paper expects every quarter, and we had declining wood costs.  Our third quarter outlook, as I said, North American demand will continue to grow or, say, in the Paper business, be stable. Although that growth will be at the slower rate. Supply and demand, this is important, remained very, very tight. Inventory levels, in some cases, are 30-year lows. And as we go around the world and look at the supply-demand balance, inventory in all of our businesses, Containerboard, Coated Paperboard, Uncoated Freesheet and Pulp, inventories are in a good spot. We expect further realizations of our announced price increases. Moderating wood cost, less certainty about OCC as I've said and a reduction in maintenance outages. So all in, we expect third quarter revenues and earnings to be meaningfully better than the second quarter.  And now we'll stop right there and open it up to your questions.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, John. Thanks, Tim. Paula, we're ready for our first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: I wondered, first of all, can you talk a little bit about where you stand on cellulosic biofuel?
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, we've looked at it, and the early work that we've done, we don't see a huge benefit for the company. In fact, we think it's mostly a push on the map. But then when you layer in the consideration that we would have to return the credits that we filed for last year under the alternative extra tax credits and then accrue those benefits over some period of time, we don't see the rationale for making any kind of change from what we've previously done at this point. We're going to continue to look at it. And if anything changes, we'll let you know, but we don't see a big benefit right now.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And if I could, Tim, you also mentioned that other costs are likely to be up in Q3. Can you quantify that at all for us?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. We're going to have -- it's going to be LIFO, and it's also going to be accruals for incentive compensation as business performance improves. So those are the big items that are going to shift.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Is there anyway to give us in kind of an order of magnitude so we have some sense to how those might move quarter-to-quarter?
Timothy Nicholls: I mean it's going to be a meaningful increase. I don't want to get into forecasting what the actual number is going to be, but we're going to see a meaningful increase from second to third quarter.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just one final question for John, little longer term. I was down in Georgia a couple of weeks ago, and one of the European utilities is helping build a huge wood pellet plant down there because they've got a lot of incentives over in Europe for biofuel. How do you think this affects the long-term competitiveness of IP if we've got a lot of -- or view as industry generally, if we've got a lot of incentives for either domestic or offshore power companies to generate bioenergy?
John Faraci: I mean, basically, we think that the incentives are probably on the wrong end of the curve here. This incentive is ought to be on the supply side. We'll compete with anybody on the demand side with competitive facilities. But if we wanted to have more biomass and more biofuels, what we got to be doing is putting the incentive on the supply side or encouraging people to grow more fiber. And the International Paper, we think we're a competitive buyer of fiber. If we have to compete with people to have an advantage and they got an ocean between them, that's just a fact of life that the arguments we're making to people, and I think people are starting to listen, is the way to really do this and do it effectively is to increase the supply side because nobody really wants to see the forest shrink. And there's a supply-demand balance on the forest side too.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Can you talk a little bit about the recent softening in the pulp market? How you see that developing? And particularly, how you see that impacting profitability moving through the second half?
John Faraci: Yes, I think what we need to keep in mind, Gail, is we all knew that the impact of Chile wasn't going to last forever and frankly, the prices, the run up in prices went further and lasted longer than actually we thought. I mean nobody knew. So the Chilean capacity is coming back on. I think the recent statistics that just came out on Pulp, in terms of demand and inventories, are positive. But the run up in pulp prices, that was attributable to the interruption of the big chunk of global capacity where they weren't structural, they weren't permanent. And they were going to moderate, and they're starting to moderate. So I'm not surprised at all. And I think moderation of pulp prices will be a function as we go forward at supply and demand and inventories. And inventories are in good shape, and our demand is still relatively healthy.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: I mean I guess I'm more interested in how it flow through to your profitability. For instance, how sensitive is that strong European result do you think to pulp pricing and as well on some paper pricing. And even in the U.S., when you look at what you did in the second quarter, that's still significantly below where you were in 2007 despite record pricing. And I'm just wondering if there might -- are there any operational offset there?
John Faraci: I think, well, in North America, 70% of our production is fluff. So that's a lot less volatile than market pulp or paper pulps, although they didn't move together, but they're less volatility. I think the connection in paper prices in Europe to pulp prices is harder than it is in North America, but I think it's becoming looser. So I think what's driving prices in Europe is not pulp prices, it's much as the operating rates and supply-demand balance for paper in Europe. And in Russia, Ilim has got the -- with their Pulp business, has got the major exposure to pulp prices. And we all knew that prices, whether it's $100 or $125 a ton, they ran up, partly as a result of taking out a huge chunk of capacity associated with the Chilean earthquakes.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: On use of cash, would you envision putting more money into the pension in the foreseeable future? Or do you think the contribution you just made is probably it for a while until you start having mandatory contributions next year?
Timothy Nicholls: I think it's an open item, Gail. We made what we thought was a significant and meaningful contribution earlier this week, and we had the option to make additional contributions as we go through the rest of this year and early next year. But we'll evaluate it as we go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can we just talk maybe at Slide 26, just for a second, under the use of free cash flow? It looks like you highlight about $950 million of use of cash flow. It looks like you're at the run rate something north of $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. Can you talk about what you might be using cash flow for, that additional cash flow?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, well, you see what we've done here so far this year. We've also, which is not on the slide, increased our plans around capital investment organically across the company this year, so we'll end up spending probably $300 million more this year than we spent last year. And debt reduction continues to be something that is a potential use of cash as we go through the second half of the year and into early next year.
John Faraci: Rich, we've continued -- and I think it's important for investors to understand that we have not changed our view on cash allocations, it's going to be balanced. And we've been saying our priority is to have a strong balance sheet and get some great credit rating. Their balance sheet debt is getting close to where we want it, but we got pension liability to fund, which we will. Returning cash to share owners is part of the balanced use of cash, selective reinvestment, to make International Paper stronger is a balanced use of cash, and selective capital reinvestment in the existing businesses to keep our best assets competitive is also a balance use of cash. The how much of that we do in each of those buckets is going to be a function of the opportunities and how much cash flow we generate, but we're pretty positive about how we see the free cash flow story going forward.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, we are. And the other point that I would make on the increase in capital spending this year, as we've said in the past, a big chunk of that is devoted to cost-reduction, consumption-reduction projects that we think had very high returns. And they're not huge projects, they're smaller and easier to execute. So in the event that we can identify more of those and pull some of those for, we'll do that as well.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And as you look maybe out to 2011 and the use of free cash flow, would you expect that there be less debt reduction and more cash to share owners, or more cash to reinvesting in the business?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we understand how important the dividend is to share owners. It's important to us. We made an increase earlier this year, the motivation is to continue to get more of the cash back to share owners over time. So yes, I think that not calling a date certain but as we go forward and make progress on debt reduction, we'll see that shift.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Two sort of big-picture questions. You talked about low inventories across your system, and what has struck me so far with company's reporting is that it has cost the money to have these low inventories in the last quarter, but nobody seems to be terribly concerned about it as we go into the third. And I'm wondering, is that a function, do you think, as you think about your own system and broadly, is that a function of us getting better at managing with low inventories? Or I mean, we could describe it, to some extent, just the seasonality but these inventory levels are extremely low and nobody seems to be all that concerned about what it might do to costs.
John Faraci: But we are. We're trying to get ahead of building a little bit inventory in Industrial Packaging, and we can. I mean, we've got strong demand, we're running well, but demand is still stronger than supply. And I think we will get ahead of it as we come out of some maintenance outages, but we don't want to be -- we want to be the best of both worlds, supply and demand and balance, which it can be, but not inventory that we're not shipping paper from box plant to box plant. We're using paper that we don't need to use to make a box just to get it to a customer. So the cost, Carol, so far this year?
Carol Roberts: The cost probably $4 a ton. [indiscernible] really it's in the couple of million a month, at least.
John Faraci: So that's the work we've got to do, Mark.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. I didn't catch Carol's comment.
Carol Roberts: Mark, it's definitely been very costly. Shipping, you get the paper to the box plant, you need it in another plant, you're touching it sometimes three times, sub-optimal routes. And so we estimate -- that's one of our areas of improvement that we've been unable to improve. And we estimate that it's probably, I would say, $2 million, $3 million a month of extra cost we've been carrying. And I'm viewing that as upside going into the second half, and we can capture that if we can get our inventory back to reasonable levels.
John Faraci: So we've gotten better at operating the whole industry as of lower inventories. We haven't got enough better to be operating International Paper today at the inventory levels we're at.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Our sense looking at the data is that we've seen a pretty nice recovery in roll grades on the uncoated freesheet side, maybe a little less progress on cut-size lately. When you think about your machine balance, is that recovery that we're seeing in roll helping you or making it more difficult to optimize your machines?
John Faraci: Well, it's a little bit of a drag because we've got some unused or we probably have more sheeter capacity than we have demand right now. Overall, the supply and demand are imbalanced, and we got a little less flexibility than we had before without Franklin. But the Courtland mill is making a lot of progress of kind of achieving the same customer service platform that we had when we had both Courtland and Franklin. But that's not as to expected with unemployment being saying frustratingly high at nine-plus percent. White collar employment is a big driver of cut-size consumption. So I think it's healthy that we're seeing the commercial print market actually show positive signs because that means the advertising and economic activity is coming back a bit.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So it'd be fair to say that as we do see pick-up in employment, you'll have room for further gains because this has been slowing you down a bit?
John Faraci: Well, as improvement for mix opportunities. And we'll, if we have to try to squeeze that incremental production to meet customer demand, we'll attempt to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover of DAD [D.A. Davidson].
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I want to get back to Ilim for one quick second. They seem to be more aggressive in terms of cutting their pulp prices. Is that something specific to the Eastern European market? Or does that permeate your views on pulp in general?
John Faraci: Well, I think the way you need to look at that is to draw a conclusion from that. You need to see where everybody's starting pulp price was and also by market. Most of what Ilim sells is into China, and I would say Ilim is selling at the market price now. And the market price in pulp, in a particular market, whether it's Europe or Asia or the U.S., there is some variation but they're not $100 a ton variations for the same grade. So I think what that's suggesting is a lot of the competition globally caused Ilim to make the price adjustments they made to get their prices in line with the competitors.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Your third quarter outlook, does that include much of the third containerboard price hike? Or is it mainly the full implementation of the second one?
John Faraci: Well, we are seeing the price increase on the second one come through, and we're not going to forecast what might come towards the end of the year is going to roll out. But I would say, the supply-demand balance is very, very tight.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And finally, with the land sales now complete, should Forest products as a segment go away? Or would there still be a little dribs and drabs of minerals?
John Faraci: Think of it as going away.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, and it will definitely go away at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon of Crédit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: I just want to make sure we're clear on home mineral rights. I guess two questions. Were the rights you sold this quarter tied to the land that was just involved with the deal that you just announced? And are there any more mineral rights you still hold, even though you've sold all of your lands.
John Faraci: Think of this as the Rock Creek transaction winds it up. It winds up everything and the transaction is going to close in the third quarter. 163,000 acres isn't tied to the mineral rights transactions, different lands.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: But basically, it's both mineral rights, as well as the Timberland is gone now.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, that's right.
John Faraci: We're finished.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And then I noticed on Slide 39, you indicated that your price improvement in boxes were up $70 from December. And obviously, you can't talk about forward pricing. But if we just look for a second at the two you've already announced, in the wake of the January and April board price increases, and consider that I think box prices probably edged down a little bit in the first quarter. Sort of how much is left from these two announced price rounds? I mean, would there be another, say, $10 or $20 left? Or would that be a good guess?
Carol Roberts: Chip, this is Carol. I would say that I'm hopeful that there's more than that left, and I'm not going to speculate on a number. But if you think about it, we announced 50 and we announced 60. So it's pretty clear that the first 50 is all the way in and we started to get the impact of the 60. We have a lot of contracts that are quarterly, so we're going to see a pretty good increase in July just because of timing. We still have some that'll flow through in August, and actually a little bit into September. So we'll continue to see that second $60 increase flow through into the third quarter.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: On one of the slides where you talked about the downtime for the year being about 348 million as the impact, is that a good proxy to use going forward? Or with the fact that Franklin is gone and few other mills are out the system that maybe next year, the maintenance might be lower?
Timothy Nicholls: Well, Chip, we typically run between 350 million and 400 million. So yes, we'll see a beneficial impact from some of the capacity coming out. But as a rule of thumb, I'd say you're still going to be around about 350 million. If we can make it less, we will though.
John Faraci: I would just add on to that, Chip, that's something we manage very, very intensely, every outage, in terms of how long, what gets done, how much production do we get, how fast it is to startup and get back on grade. And there is some headroom there for us to get the work done and spend less. And we did a good job on that in the second quarter with a lot of outages going on. I think it's managed very, very intensely because it's a lot of money.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Just to be clear on the whole Ilim pulp announcement, I know that Ilim sells, I believe, the bulk of its pulp to China. And I know China historically has been more of a, if you will, spot market, and obviously, it was more than average impacted by the Chilean quake. So is it kind of fair to say that maybe for a while, Ilim was getting prices generally higher than what we might have seen in other parts of the world, Western Europe and the U.S.? And is that what you mean when you say you're kind of catching back to where the rest of the market is?
John Faraci: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: A couple of questions on the Slide 28 where you've got the green, yellow and red. And by the way, the yellow, just to clarify that, that means kind of a neutral view, is that right?
John Faraci: No, it means something between strong growth and negative.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Pretty wide band.
John Faraci: Yes, pretty wide band.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: The Ilim, is the yellow, and I know you have -- I guess I would have expected it to be pretty strong growth and profitability from Ilim, given what's going on with pulp pricing, et cetera, and there is that one quarter lag. So I'm just curious as to how a month I'm supposed to interpret?
John Faraci: You're not on the map, you're on the outlook slide. Well, Ilim is going to see a one quarter lag, where you could see the flow through of higher pulp price, I think they've got some outages coming up. So Ilim earnings are probably will have peaked in the May, June, July period.
Thomas Cleves: Mark, this is Tom. Keep in mind, on that slide, the color is meant to comment on the impact to International Paper, not the impact to Ilim. So the strong increase of Ilim is still more muted increase for overall IP earnings.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And I guess on the other cost, and I now recognize you don't want to be projecting up to decimal points of what things are going to be. But the second quarter, you had the bad debt included in the Printing Paper business. You also had about $34 million or so, I think it was, of true-ups in LIFO in the Packaging business. And so you kind of already had a $70 million of, I guess, what I would have thought were other costs. So when you talk about significant increases, are you taking that into account and you're saying that there would be significant increases above and beyond that type of level? Or were you not including those numbers when you were making that assessment?
Timothy Nicholls: No, we have the LIFO charges, we have series of revisions, we have incentive comp accruals. Because remember, we're coming from a very low base in the first part of the year in terms of how we were performing against our targets. So you have all of that. And I don't like to put numbers out, but it's going to be in the $0.15-plus per share range. So I think it's significant.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And again, that would be $0.15 above and beyond the $0.10 that were recognized?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, it's going to be a net change quarter-on-quarter, $0.15 per share in that range.
John Faraci: And just a reminder, it's not all cash. And with that, we still expect to meaningfully improve our third quarter results over the second quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: I wanted to go first through the progress you're making in terms of mill optimization. And Carol, could you remind us what the goal on a run rate basis is within the containerboard system? And then more broadly, I remember a $300 million goal, can you just confirm or update those figures?
Carol Roberts: Yes, George. Relative to the mill optimization with the two closures of Pineville and Albany, and that was $60 million for the year or $15 million per quarter. And that's complete, done and we're doing well. And that was important part of our $300 million improvement. The other pieces of our improvement was consumption in our mills on fiber, energy and chemicals, and we're making significant progress there. We're on track. Other part of our plan was the efficiency and productivity improvements in our box plants. That's on track. And in fact, we just announced the closure of our Jonesboro facility, which brings total 17 facilities we've closed as we restructure and continue to drive down cost and optimize sales and productivity. So we're making good progress on all those fronts, and there's a significant improvement when you have a system as big as ours. The area where we remain challenged that I feel we're going to turn it around in the second half, and as I referenced, the supplies chain or distribution cost, which was a big opportunity out of the warehouse or acquisition. We just yet been unable to hit stride there, but we're optimistic we can get our inventories in line. And that's also translated to high waste in our box plants because we haven't have the right rolls at the right time. So that's an other opportunity to get that lined up. But all in all, I'm very optimistic and feel very good about our progress.
John Faraci: One other comment on containerboard, this isn't asteroids, but I think the point to make is we sell into a whole bunch of markets, not just the U.S. box market and to independents in the U.S. And we think that strategically is the right thing for International Paper. Our net mill margins now inside of our export markets are better than our net mill margins in North America. And I think that's really important to understand because obviously, that is always the case. But with the global supply-demand balance we have, we've been able to substantially improve our realizations on linerboard sales outside the U.S. And some geographies are better than U.S. now.
George Staphos: Are you in a position to improve those net mill margins, John, given the supply chain constraints in the U.S.? Or have we likely seen a peak in that relative to the export market?
John Faraci: I'll let Carol answer that.
Carol Roberts: I think, clearly, there's more opportunity, and particularly, there's flow through. The way the export market as you negotiate for production and then those tons flow through. So we're still going to be seeing rising revenue and cost, our price per ton in the export channel through into the third quarter.
George Staphos: Back to the run rate and the goal for the year, I remember earlier in the presentation a figure of 225 being reported. I would just want to double check if that was the goal for this year? And if not, what is the goal in total for mill optimization run rate by the end of the year?
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, you're right, that was the goal for this year. So we've hit it on a run rate basis at the end of the second quarter.
George Staphos: Two last questions, one shorter term and one longer term. In terms of early third quarter trends within Industrial Packaging, can you comment at all in terms of what kind of shipments or bookings or billings you're seeing right now? The longer-term story, there is no denying, at least from the numbers that you posted that you've made tremendous progress in improving return on capital and productivity and returns. From here, John, to get to cost of capital on a sustained basis, do you think it's going to require more strategic moves, i.e. restructuring and/or acquisitions, or realignment for that matter across the geographies? Or you think it would be more, you have what you need in place right now, and it's just a function of managing net price cost?
John Faraci: I'll let Carol answer the first part, George, and I'll come back for the second part.
Carol Roberts: Yes, George, as you know, demand in the second quarter was very solid, up sequentially, up year-over-year both for us and for the industry. But we did see somewhat of a slowdown from May to June. But June was still a good month with 22 days, and we've similarly a slowdown in July, still well above last year levels but slow. But at summertime, you're in between ag season, there's a summer doldrums. I have a theory, it's very hot in the country, people eat less, they get out less. It's just a little slower, but we're still optimistic. And I think we're going to continue to see positive year-over-year comps. And we build our plan around pretty modest growth. So we think it's going to be fine, particularly with the very continued tight supply and demand dynamics that we saw.
John Faraci: The reflection of it is the rate of economic activity in the U.S., that the North American market is slowing. The people in Washington recognize that. We're seeing it. So box demand will be positive but it may not be as positive as it was in Q1 and Q2, but it will be positive. And there's a big difference between being positive and being negative. Longer term, George, we think we've got the portfolio that we need to get the company to an average of cost of capital returns over the cycle. All of that execution, obviously 2010 is not a mid-cycle year from a macro standpoint, it's a transition year. Our Box business slipped double-digit rates in 2007, and we're back up four. So if you're down 14 and up four, you're really not in a mid-cycle kind of an environment. But we don't see the having to make major realignments in the portfolio, acquisitions or divestments to get the cost of capital returns and meet the challenges. And what we think we're up for is to do what ever we got. We need a macro environment to continue to get better, and we'll slowly, we should -- we'll get better faster. And we need to execute on the improvement plans and realize all the margin improvement that's part of International Paper's earnings runway going forward with the businesses we have. To anything we do above that, George, I would view as headroom. It's just building the opportunity to be stronger and better and improve our returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier of Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: John, I was curious if you could comment on in light of the uncoated freesheet supply growth at Ilim, what is your longer-term secular view of end market demand for the markets you serve?
John Faraci: We see positive growth in Eastern Europe, in Russia, in China and Latin America. That's been in the 4%, 5%, 6% range. We just had actually a consultant do a global survey for us. We don't see that obviously in North America, but these emerging markets still have a lot of growth in them because per capita consumption is so low and the economies are improving. And when the economies improve, things like paper consumption go up. They'll never got to levels per capita as we have in North America, but they don't need to, to show that kind of demand growth probably in the next decade.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: So would you expect that the growth in the non-North American markets would be enough to offset the secular decline in North America so that you see positive growth?
John Faraci: [indiscernible] mills because if you think about it, North America isn't the supplier to China, Latin America, Europe, Eastern Europe and Russia. And those markets are going to get supplied regionally from production there. So I don't think you can think about it in a global sense of it all netting out. North America, basically, it's not like containerboard where a big chunk of North America can go around the world because it's not competitive on a delivered cost basis. We're sold out in Russia. Between Russia and CIS, we don't have any extra capacity, so we've got to be thinking longer term about how do we supply that market.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Maybe quick question for Tim, if I could, on the cash flow items, the special charges in the quarter for Franklin and other items, what was the cash impact of those charges in the quarter?
Timothy Nicholls: Pete, off the top of my head, I think it was around $60 million to $65 million, that's what I recall.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And then also cash flow question, as you look at your -- coming back to inventories in your system, when you look at the second half of the year, can you comment on whether you expect working capital to be a contribution or a drag to cash?
Timothy Nicholls: I don't think it's going to be a drag. I think it's -- my line of sight is probably not any better than the third quarter. But as I look to the third quarter, I don't see a big consumption in working capital. They pick up a little bit.
John Faraci: It depends on how much we grow our revenues.
Operator: Your final question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: John, I just want to follow up on the Packaging business. And I was been struck that your EBITDA per ton is almost as high in Europe as you're seeing in North America right now, and you don't have nearly as much capital per unit tied up there. What do you make from that?
John Faraci: Well we've been configuring Europe for better part of the decade. Leaving out Russia, we've gone from 10 mills to two, Saillat and Kwidzyn. And Kwidzyn is a very good facility. So we've got less capital tied up there. We're kind of in different position relative to the industry. We're a small player, and we've made a lot of improvements. I mean, Russia, Svetogorsk can have a record year. So I think it shows you that we can by restructuring the business and optimizing, and this has been done over series of years, not just something that happened in the last six months. We now got a platform over there that's rightsized for the market. And both Paper and Packaging are firing on all cylinders.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: I was more thinking of just your Box business, which I think is more sort of North Africa, Western and Central Europe.
John Faraci: Yes. So think of it as Southern Europe and the Mediterranean, France, Spain, Italy, Turkey and Morocco. We're winning Industrial business. So we're clearly gaining some market share, and the fruit and vegetable strategy is paying off because we targeted specific segments that are doing well in the Mediterranean. And we also had no mills. So the right strategy over there is to be a net board buyer because there's been a kind of a structural surplus of recycled linerboard. Europe is heavy to recycle in terms of the end markets, and we like being a board buyer over there, which has been helpful. That's not our strategy in North America, but it's a different market and a different supply-demand balance.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: You mentioned the slower growth that you're seeing in the U.S. in June and July, and you talked about that specifically in containerboard. Can you tell us what you're seeing in the other businesses in the U.S. over the last couple of months. Is that consistent with what you've been seeing in the Box business?
John Faraci: Well, we're seeing it in xpedx. And we think of xpedx, our second quarter sales were up 3% compared to first quarter, but still down 17% compared to the second quarter of 2008. So xpedx serves almost every major metropolitan market across the United States and not just commercial print but packaging and facility supplies. They are really good barometer of economic activity. And if you look at first quarter compared to second quarter, it's about flat. So that was a -- the rate of economic activity has slowed down, maybe still positive, but slowed down.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And are you seeing it anywhere else, John?
John Faraci: Tom, what do you see in the consumer packaging?
Thomas Cleves: Mark, the Consumer Packaging businesses are seeing pretty good demand for all SBS grades, the numbers are out there pretty public. But we're looking at I think 4% quarter-over-quarter growth and 12% year-over-year. The cupstock markets are strong. Foldings are improving, you're seeing price announcements in all of folding grades, not just the SBS. So particularly in the consumer side, we've seen some pretty good strength in the second quarter.
John Faraci: Mark, when you look across all of businesses, the GDP growth is three-plus percent. It's more like it's around 2%. We'll see how the numbers play out but I think that's what it feels like in the third quarter. Paula, that ends our call for today. For those of you still on the line, Timothy Nicholls and I will be available in our offices for follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Laschinger - Senior Vice President and President of Xpedx Thomas Kadien - Senior Vice President of Consumer Packaging and IP Asia Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President of Industrial Packaging Mark Sutton - Senior Vice President of Printing and Communications, Papers of the Americas Thomas Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations Timothy Nicholls - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President John Faraci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan Chase & Co Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group George Staphos
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper 2010 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Christy. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our First Quarter Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and these are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation deck. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2010 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. This morning, Tim and I are in New York City, and John and the balances of the senior management team are in Memphis. We're conducting our portion of the call in the Q&A remotely. So please understand that some of the transitions are not a smooth as usual. With that, I'll turn the call over to John in Memphis.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. As is usual over the next 20 to 30 minutes, Tim and I are going to review the financial performance of the company, our first quarter results and the individual businesses. And then we'll leave time for your questions. And we'll share our outlook on the second quarter. Let me just dive into the first quarter now and say it was a tough quarter. But it was in line with our original expectations. EPS came out at $0.04 and there's no doubt about it in our minds, the first quarter represents the cyclical trough. What's really important when you look at the quarter is the shape of the quarter, and by that means, the earnings shape during the quarter. January and February are really rugged and we made it all up and more in March. So I think the important thing here is the trajectory of earnings by month through the quarter and all these things that underlie that got increasingly positive. We absorbed $144 million of input cost inflation in the quarter. That's more than we thought. I think we had forecast about $120 million, and we actually turned out to be more. And we had planned for a heavy outage quarter, which is about $30 million. So between the input cost and the outages, that's about $0.30 a share. While it was a tough quarter, there were some good news there. European Paper and Packaging and Asia performed very well. Tim will talk more about that. And I think, importantly, demand and pricing increased as the quarter progressed and that continues in April. So we've got a much more positive outlook now on the second quarter and for the balance of the year. So first quarter sales are up $5.8 billion, up from $5.7 billion in the first quarter of last year. It's really our first quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year increase in quarterly sales since the start of the financial crisis and the recession that we're just coming out of. EBITDA in the first quarter was $560 million, compared to about $600 million in the first quarter 2009. Our free cash flow declined significantly but it declined because of the higher input costs, the significant increase in maintenance outages. And we used about $300 million of working capital in the first quarter, about half of that for non-business, one-time items in the company. Operating working capital percentage of sales was about flat. And we had ended the quarter with $1.7 billion in cash on hand. Turning to Slide 6, the first quarter results in more detail. It was a $0.04 quarter versus $0.24 in the fourth quarter. The change again, really driven by a fiber spike in North America that's both wood and OCC and higher maintenance expenses, improved the operations and reduced fixed cost from the facility closures that we announced last year that implemented in the fourth quarter, more in the first quarter, as the case of Franklin, added $0.16. We had some seasonal declines in volume that's principally in Brazil and in Europe. They reduced earnings by $0.07. Price, added only $0.09 during the quarter, almost all of that was in March, really with the exception of Pulp, which has been steadily improving for several months now. All of our price flow-through started to show up in March. As I said earlier, in the January call for the fourth quarter, we estimated input costs are going to be about $120 million, we thought higher. We really didn't know. But we knew they were going higher. They actually turned out to be $144 million higher. North American fiber prices wood and OCC are about 80% of that amount. So really that's the significant mover there. Wood was up close to $60 million. OCC cost were up about $55 million. As the quarter ended, input costs began to moderate. OCC prices peaked in March and declined by $30 a ton April, and another $12 to $15, according to some of the publications in May. Actually, we think OCC prices probably down more than that in the month of May. Bridge and fiber cost also peaked in March and that begun to moderate in April. With soft wood prices declining or falling at a faster rate than hard wood prices. But remember, they're falling from quite high levels. So we would expect fiber prices and other input cost to continue to moderate during the second quarter. And you can't be precise here. But I think what will happen is, second quarter input cost will probably look like first quarter input cost. But again, the shape of the curve will be -- will go out of the quarter with input cost falling even though for the quarter, the average maybe about the same. So I'm now on Slide 8 here and the business highlights slide. And before Tim reviews the performance of each of the businesses, just let me comment on a couple of highlights. All of our European businesses performed well with solid earnings in all three segments. Actually, it was a record quarter in both Paper and Packaging. And our European business, which for us is Europe, Russia, the Middle East and Africa. Those businesses earned 16% return on investment. And I think it just shows you the benefits of having some global balance of these Global Paper and Packaging businesses. It's helping IP results. xpedx also posted solid results while sales were nothing to write home about. Cost management led to a strong rebounded earnings in the first quarter compared to the first quarter of last year on flat sales. And all around the company, we're starting to show, again, the incremental benefits on top of all the benefits we already got last year, the facility rationalization. So footprint decisions we made at Franklin, Albany, Pineville and Valiant. And those benefits will continue to accrue as the years goes on. So with that, I'll turn it over to Tim and come back to talk about how we see the second quarter as Tim goes through the businesses. Tim?
Timothy Nicholls: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Let me walk you through the businesses. I'll start with Industrial Packaging. And just start off by saying for Industrials that I was disappointed a bit with the results for Industrial Packaging in the quarter but it wasn't a typical quarter. It was a transition quarter. There was a lot of things going on. And I think we finished on a strong note. So we've made improvements through the quarter. One things to keep in mind is that when we started the quarter, we were coming off of running a fair amount of downtime. We took two mills down and then went to running full scenario at the time that we took the mills down, right at the height of the extreme cold weather and the wood shortages. So it wasn't an ideal operating conditions. We did see volumes across all the geographies. That's essentially flat. The North American Box business was up 2%, which was good news. And then we had a combination of favorable operations in price that really offset all of the impact to the higher input costs. Most of that being fiber. We started realizing the fixed cost savings from the two mills shutdowns that happened at the end of the fourth quarter and our box operations ran extremely well. All that said, the mill system didn't run as well as it could have. And we probably left $15 million of earnings on the table from the weather-related and the wood-related issues that were occurring in January and February. But I'd say by the middle to the end of February, we had put most of those issues behind us. And again, I thought we ran very strongly in March. So the real difference in the quarter from fourth quarter to first quarter were maintenance outages. And that's timing, it's how we had scheduled to take the Mills down. So $45 million higher in the quarter. The good news is, we've taken half of what we'll take for the year and we did it in the first quarter. So when you look at our margin, our margins are not where we wanted them to be but a couple of things: The maintenance outages, where we were taking a higher percentage of downtime versus our competitors; and also, the high OCC, which has now peaked and is moving down. So I'm confident we're going to be right back at top industry margins as we go through the second quarter and the balance of the year. If we turn to Printing Papers, I thought the Printing Papers business managed particularly well through what was a tough quarter. We held our margins in North America. We actually expanded margins in Europe by 200 basis points, and the European Paper business turns in another cost of capital return quarter. So a very good new story there. Brazil, we had disappointing results. We ran well and the business was fine overall. But we did have to take a hit for about $50 million in bad debt expense in the first quarter. We've taken the full impact of what we thought the exposure was. So that's behind us and Brazil will return to solid earnings in the second quarter. Domestic volumes were up 2%. North American volumes were down due to the shortages and we're seasonally down in Europe and Brazil coming off the fourth quarter because of just the nature of their season. First quarter is always the much slower season and the fourth quarter in those two regions. We do see prices start moving up in all three regions late in the quarter. And outside North America, we ran extremely well. As I mentioned, not so well in North America because of the weather and wood shortages. And if you recall, we had a lot of weather-related issues in the central and western part of the regions that we operate in, in the fourth quarter, and then all of the weather shifted to the east as we went into the first quarter. The other notable item in the quarter or post-quarter, I guess, and it'll be important for the second quarter, is that we are starting to realize of some of the reduced fixed cost benefits out of the Franklin Mill closure, producing the last real paper in the middle of April. So that will start falling through in the second quarter and beyond. Consumer Packaging was really hard hit in North America by input cost. And we did have some operating problems in one of our mills. If you look at it, 70% of the input cost inflation for the Consumer Packaging business, which is the global business was in North America and it's wood related, hard-wood related. So we're not going to see those costs come down as quickly as we're seeing OCC. And we're seeing the soft wood fiber come down. So that's probably going to drag on just a bit into the second quarter. As I mentioned, we didn't run very well in Augusta. We think that we're making progress and I'm expecting that we'll have a much better operating quarter in the second quarter. The real notable items here for the sector though were both Asia and Europe, where performance was extremely good. In Asia, our Sun joint venture had revenue up 8% and earnings actually doubled from the prior quarter. So that business is really starting to hit its stride and making a lot of great progress. Prices moved up at the end of the quarter. And I guess good news here is that backlogs are pretty strong. We now got backlogs that are at the highest level since we pre-crisis, back to August of 2008. Turning over to xpedx, the story here is recovery in the business continues to recover very well. If you look at revenue, we were even with last year. I'll explain why that is in just a moment. But on the same revenue from the first quarter last year, we had a $28 million earnings improvement, just phenomenal given what's going around run the business. As I said, revenue flat with 2009 levels. Volumes were up 4%. So we're starting to see a recovery. It started in the East and the Midwest regions, it's not extending into the West. We're seeing it for Packaging businesses. We're seeing it for facility supplies and then at a smaller rate of recovery, we're also seeing it in Paper. So the real story here is that the cost has been managed extremely well. And all the work that was done last year, leading into the quarter and the continued focus on cost are really providing the lift in earnings. Let me wrap up with Ilim joint venture. And again just to remind you, we report Ilim on a one-quarter lag. So this is the joint venture's fourth quarter results reported in our first quarter. And this was really the bottom quarter for the business. We started seeing sales revenue increasing and prices moving up. Volumes didn't move up as much as they could have because we had a major outage in the quarter, maintenance outage. It was planned. But earnings are starting to move up and there'll be a significant improvement in earnings in the second quarter. And by the time we hit the second quarter of this year for the joint venture, what we will report in the third quarter is the business should have recovered quite well. I fully expect to see that. So with that, I'll turn it back over to John and he'll take you through the summary and the second quarter outlook.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tim. So let me just summarize the first quarter. As I said, it was a lousy January and February. Solid March. Good platform for the second quarter. Fiber prices peaked, spiked early in the quarter. Wood cost are moderating. OCC prices are falling. We didn't run well in Industrial Packaging and Consumer Packaging in January and February. March, we're running better. And April, running well. We had high outage expenses. That's good news because most of it's behind us at a point in time when demand's improving and with our right-sized footprint, we need the capacity. We've got the benefit to reduce the operating cost. We're beginning to see the fixed cost come down in both Industrial Packaging and in Printing Papers associated with those facility closures. Prices are improving as the quarter progressed. We're getting our announced price increases and I'll show you a slide in a minute. There's a huge amount out there. And we've just announced some additional price increases that at the quarter's end, we should be coming in, in subsequent quarters. So going forward, looking into the second quarter, I think the global economy continues to improve. I'm not euphoric about it but I'm certainly more positive. Certain parts of the word like Asia are very, very strong. But I think incrementally, what we thought would be a slow recovery is turning out to be still a slow recovery but maybe at a slightly faster clip. We see more and more of our customer's segments start to feel more positive about their business. Since we're a business-to-business company, when our customer's business gets better, so does ours. We're going to the see significant impact from price realizations in the second quarter. We're going to get an easing of wood cost and OCC prices, probably expect natural gas to climb a bit as well. The second quarter actually is going to be our highest maintenance outage quarter. And we just finished saying we took a lot in the first quarter. We're taking a huge amount in the second quarter. So by the end of the first half of the year, we'll have more than 2/3 of our maintenance outages behind us. Operations are running much better this quarter. And I think as Tim said, those issues we had earlier in the quarter are behind us now. So I'm on the page that, Slide 16, I believe, it says Earnings Runway. The key component of our earnings going forward is going to be bringing to the bottom line these price increases. This table just list the price increases that have been announced by segment around the world. The capacity they applied to, the effective date of the price increase and increase per ton, these supply demand fundamentals around the world was still very favorable. Inventories are low. Demand is picking up. So in terms of potential, if you sum all that on an annualized basis, you've got $1.5 billion to $2 billion of price increases, which will start to -- already started to flow-through, began in March, picking up in April and will continue to increase in the second and third quarters. Now obviously, that's not going to impact us all this year. Because that $1.5 billion to $2 billion number is an annualized number. But obviously, it's a very significant number. And this is coming at a time when we see demand starting to improve. Turning to cash and capital allocation. We continue to be committed to a balance capital allocation to increase shareowner value. We increased dividend. We've made that announcement this week to return more cash to shareowners, move from a $0.10 dividend to a $0.50 dividend. We're committed to getting our debt balance that includes the pension GAAP on an EBITDA-to-debt basis to less than three. We're going to strengthen our existing businesses with focus capital that reduces their cost. We're looking for high return in capital projects that offer short paybacks. Probably going to fund about $100 million to $150 million of those this year. No big project in there but they all got 40% return types of interim rates, return to short paybacks. And we're going to look for -- and when we find strategic acquisitions like the SCA Packaging business in Asia, and we'll talk about in a minute, things that strengthen International Paper and our Global Paper Packaging business and some good returns, we'll look to use cash through those as well. Let me comment on the dividend increase that we announced Monday. The global economic conditions that continued to improve, capital markets have certainly returned, if not to normal conditions to much, much closer to normal conditions than they were. We paid down $3.7 billion of debt over the last 20 months, nearly twice our original debt reduction commitment for that time period. And we remain committed to achieving the debt target I just talked about, a 3 EBITDA-to-debt target over the cycle. So with our outlook on 2010, we decided to restore the annual dividend to a $0.50 level. Also, a word or two about the SCA acquisition, I'm on now Page 19. We announced Monday that we had agreed to purchase SCA's Asian Box business for approximately $200 million, less in post-closing adjustments. Now that net price, when you take those post-closing adjustments, it's about 8x 2009 EBITDA, about 6x projected 2010 EBITDA, and those businesses in 2009 ran at about 40% of capacity because they've installed capacity that meet the needs of a growing market. So we've got a huge amount of opportunity there to improve those businesses without adding any additional capital. Good strategic fit with our existing Box business, high quality assets that we purchased that less than it would have cost to build them. The way we've been building on our footprint over there is by building by our own plants. This gave us an opportunity to buy cheaper than we could build and obviously get the capacity in place a lot faster than we could build. It would have taken us probably more than five years to build that capacity. We're acquiring a strong of book of customers, some new high-quality customers. And the combined sales of our existing Corrugated business, plus SCA Corrugated business will be about $350 million, more than 3x the size of Corrugated business we had. So it's a big step out for us. We've got capacity in place to grow those sales to over $800 million without any major additional capital. So with that, turning to the second quarter outlook, and this is the red, yellow, green chart we've been showing you, kind of, by business around the world. We anticipate a continued modest improvement, steady improvement, economic conditions in North America. That's what we're hearing from our customers. We expect stable volumes on shipments and North America and Europe in Paper. We expect increasing volumes in Brazil and Asia on Paper again. And we expect increasing shipments of Industrial Packaging in North America, probably stable volumes in Europe on average. Although some places like Turkey are really showing a lot of strength in the Packaging side. On pricing, we expect Pulp prices to continue to improve. We expect to realize the announced price increases from North America Paper and Containerboard. As the quarter is progressing, we're actually realizing those price increases as we speak in our April results. And we expect stable North American Coated Paperboard prices during the quarter. We also expect maintenance outages expenses to increase by about $8 million in North America and then by $16 million in Europe and Brazil quarter-over-quarter. Input cost, we think are going to decrease through the quarter. First time that I've been able to say that for a while. And even though, first overall second quarter prices we expect will probably be about level with first quarter prices, the trajectory, the exit rate will be down as we end the second quarter. We expect xpedx earnings to improve. And we expect the contribution from our Ilim joint venture to turn solidly profitable, reflecting the impact of selling prices that will offset some probably higher input costs in Ilim throughout the year. So all things considered, we would expect second quarter earnings to increase significantly above our first quarter results. And with that, Tom, I think I'll turn it back to you so we can get the Q&A session started.
Thomas Cleves: Great. Thank you, John. Christy, we're now ready for the first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Can you just give -- just on the cost issues, can you just give a little bit more insight? I guess maybe where you are today versus the first quarter average. Or just sense of how quickly those costs are coming down or not?
John Faraci: Well, Gail, I can talk about OCC here. In OCC prices, the published prices were off $30 in April from where they were and another, kind of, $12 to $15 made from where they were. We think spot prices are off even more than that so OCC could be down 50 from where they peaked.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And how about wood costs? I mean, I appreciate. . .
John Faraci: Wood costs aren't falling as fast. But wood costs are falling on the Pine side, which will impact Packaging more than Paper. They're probably down maybe $1, $2 a ton. And in hard wood, they're just starting to decline. So a sharper decline on OCC prices than we're seeing on wood fiber. But wood fiber will unfold during the summer. We've had great weather, logging conditions are getting better. Actually if we get some supply, if saw mills come back on stream, we'll get some of our chip supply back, which will help take the pressure off Pulpwood. So I mean, a color on that would be things are trending in the right way and probably with OCC, recently having falling faster than fiber cost had.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Just on I guess maybe some of the fixed cost benefit. Have you seen everything you'd expect to see in the Industrial side? From the no-closures? And when would we expect to see the real benefits from Franklin?
John Faraci: Well, Carol Roberts is sitting right here. And so is Marc Sutton. Since Carol got Industial Packaging and Marc's got Franklin, I'll let both of them talk about that.
Carol Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. We did see the full benefit from Pineville in Albany. Although with all of the heavy maintenance outages in the quarter, some of our other fixed spending was up. And when John or Tim talked about some of the little bit of money we left on the table of that $15 million, we probably had other spending that was probably up, maybe $5 million to $7 million in the quarter due to pushing the other mills hard to run. And I think that will come back. So I feel like we're going to be quite successful in getting all of that savings from Pineville in Albany to the bottom line in the second quarter.
Mark Sutton: For Franklin, as Tim mentioned in his section, we just made the last real paper in the middle of April. And what we've been doing through the first quarter is transitioning the business that we plan on keeping, which is a significant portion of it to the other mills in the system. So while we're bringing the mill down, we have transition cost and logistics cost to get the grades in the right mill for the future. So the Franklin, in fact, at fixed cost savings, will really materialize in the second half of the year. It would be an important driver.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Carol, can you talk a little bit about maybe current demand on what you saw in April? And how much of the first Box price increase did you have in by the end of the quarter?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Gail. On the other current demand, as we've shown, we saw a sequential increase in actual shipments from fourth to first and we saw a year-over-year increase of 2%. For our particular case, we had a fairly weak January. And we saw our business improved through the quarter. And just to give you a couple of examples, some of our consumer packaged goods companies was slower in the beginning of the quarter and got better. In April, we've seen that trend continue. So what I'm, kind of, anticipating is that the year-over-year increase in that 2% to 3% is still solidly there. Plus, we'll get the seasonal uptick in the second quarter due to the agriculture. And it does feel like it's going to be a good Agricultural segment. Relative to the box pricing, we, kind of, hit our low-end box pricing in December and when we exited the quarter, we were about $20 higher. And then when April 1 hit, of course, we had contracts that came in. So in April, we got another pop and I think we had in the appendix -- which pages is that?
John Faraci: Slide 29, Carol.
Carol Roberts: 29. You can see that as of the 28th of April, which is really pretty solid through the whole month of April. We're up $39 on boxes on the first increase. So I would say the first increase is pretty much done. And of course, we're moving now to implement the second 60.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: John, can we talk a little bit about the issue of returning cash to shareholders? And I think everybody is happy to see that dividend back at $0.50. Any thoughts about further restoration, maybe going back to that $1 that we were at, kind of, pre-crisis?
John Faraci: Well, I think the move we made is indicative of what we think we can maintain, and we're going to be cautious about that. And to the extent we generate cash and we're pretty positive about our free cash flow target that we'd rather be distributing the cash when have it as opposed to in advance of having it. I think, if we knew then what we know now, we may not have needed to decrease the dividend. But back last year, everybody was planning for the worst and we are committed to the return of cash. We're going to generate $1.5 billion of free cash flow a year, a good portion of that will go back to shareholders in the form of dividend and/or share buybacks.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And any thoughts on buybacks?
John Faraci: Again, I think that reflect a balanced program of how you're returning cash to shareholders is I think what we're going to have and we're going to talk to shareholders about -- some prefer share buybacks, some prefer dividends. We had a what we thought was a healthy dividend in place. We have to cut it. We didn't want to but we did. And we're in the process of bringing it back in steps.
Timothy Nicholls: John, if I could just add one comment, I think all right. And, Mark, the other thing that we'll look at is what might happen with tax rates on dividend as we go through this year and the next year. So all of the things John mentioned, as well as that.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, John, if I could, just as a follow-up, if we just take two steps back, it seems like a very good setting for International Paper right now. As you mentioned, price to be moving up on a global basis. We're seeing some signs that kind of costs are easing. Demand seems to be picking up maybe even a little better than a lot of us expected. So with that backdrop, what are the things that you worry about, that you're concerned about at this point?
John Faraci: OCC isn't going to fall to $200 a ton. for sure. The fiber cost increase that we got hit with in the first quarter was not anything other than weather-related and a contraction supply due to the plan in the lumber plywood markets. I think OCC has taken a pause, it probably got higher than it should have. So we're not going to see continuing falling prices in OCC. We don't know when they're going to level out. So we're thinking about that when we have a lot of flexibility in terms of how we run our system. So frankly for us, given the 65% versus fiber higher OCC prices over the long term are a good thing for us. The thing I think most of that, Mark, is getting the right people in place to the job that needs to be done around International Paper, which is different in Russia than it is in Consumer Packaging. It's different in xpedx than it is in coated paperboard. I think we've got the right people in place. We've made a number of moves at the end of the year, which I think enabled us to get some fresh thinking into a lot of businesses, get some new leadership in place. And that to me is, that's my job.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just wanted to follow up on the Industrial Packaging segment for a moment. Last quarter, you talked about a $300 million productivity benefits through the year, exiting 2010. I just wondered if you could update us on where you're at in that process and what you saw in the first quarter in terms of benefits and how you see that trend going through the year?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Rick, this is Carol. We did make progress in the first quarter over a couple of fronts very specifically, and I'll give you the highlights. Our plan is pretty broad-based plan. Number one, was the fixed cost savings down in the mills system. And as we already comment on that, we successfully implemented that and that will flow to the bottom line. The second piece of our plan was clearly on the box side, driving further improvement in our box operation. People don't realize how much money actually get spend in the box side in making those productive, efficient, low-cost, is absolutely vital. So we did well there. The other two big areas that we have identified for this year, one was on the supply chain on our distribution costs. That's an area where we did not have a good quarter, mainly due to our low inventory levels and the challenges in our supply chain. But I'm very confident that we will get those average back on track as soon as we get our inventories to a manageable level. And the other area obviously is just in our mills system. We're transitioning from running slow and not pull to pretty much running full. We've made progress on our consumption in the quarter on things like fiber, energy, chemicals. We did not do as well on spending due to some reliability issues that John and Tim had mentioned. So at the end of the day, I believe we'll be on track. We exited quarters slightly behind. But I believe we're on track and our commitment is to hit that $300 million run rate on top of what we did last year by the end of the year. And a feel confident that we're going to be able to do that.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So you're still feel comfortable with the $300 million, if I heard that last statement correctly? And then second, just wanted to follow up on your prior statement about box pricing. I think you said that you're up $39 at the end of April and essentially moving on to the second price increase? Can you just elaborate on that $39 versus the $50 increase that was announced for January. And is that suggesting that there's $10 that's being left on the table or $10 that you are going to see show up in May?
Carol Roberts: Yes, I speaking in the majority of it. We still have some contracts, some things that are lagging. We have some stuff that will come in July that had a longer lag, it's not a lot. The other thing that happened in the quarter, which we had some other contracts that some prices went down at the first of the year, a few dollars. So when you add it all up, I believe we're going to get very close, at the end of the day, to the full $50 when you take everything into consideration.
John Faraci: I just want to comment because we also have the ag business work too because we got a big ag now.
Carol Roberts: The agricultural piece, that pricing gets set by season. And so in the first quarter, because that price was happening through the quarter, some of those prices got set pre-season. And so that kind of comes in chunks as the commodities come online. So it's a little choppier, Rick, that's under the standard consumer packaged goods business or the industrial segment.
John Faraci: But at the end of the day, we get the price..
Carol Roberts: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Crédit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: I thought we'd just spend a minute in the on the acquisition in China, the SCA box plants. I mean it looks like you said that with their 15 plants, you tripled your revenues there. And that would suggest that perhaps their throughput was a little bit more than yours on a legacy basis? And if you could just talk a little bit about how you expect what kind of board flexible do you have there, will you depend solely on domestically-sourced test liner or recycled liner board? Or will you actually be able to export board from the U.S. to help fiber those box plants?
John Faraci: My sense, Chip, at least for now is we're going to be that core buyer of China, we have been. We are in Europe, we like that position. There's a lot of recycle capacity that's been committed to by the board producers over there. And they bring out all the capacity that we're talking about. We like being board buyer in Asia just like being a board buyer in Europe. And I wouldn't anticipate us bringing liner board in from the U.S. in a big way because the probably the low-cost provider of liner board into China right now than Russia. Now we finished the Bronx project, we're going to make liner board approximately to make the market full. And China is mostly recycled market, there's not a lot of virgin fiber that gets user now.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: And what you're saying by the ability to ramp up to $800 million, that's basically just with the sort of 27 box plant facility footprint you have now?
John Faraci: SCA's plants are running about 40% of capacity. We have roughly $100 million box business and we acquired roughly a $250 million box business. So if you just kind of extrapolate, we're probably a little more than 50% of capacity in our plants because we haven't built in this as fast as SCA had. The markets over there are growing and 15% a year, pick the number. It's not going to take long for those plants to really start to ramp up in terms of capacity utilization.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: We've heard a lot in recent months about the difficulty in keeping up with export liner board orders. And in fact, people like perhaps yourselves or others that make liner turning away export business. Our condition still the same as we've been hearing?
John Faraci: Yes, it's tugging. Stated all around the world and why would you sell export liner board at a price that's below your mill net in North America when demand is starting to increase in North America. So we're out there. And I'll let Carol comment on this, but we're out there getting our prices up around the world so that our margins are comparable in a mill net basis anyway where sell.
Carol Roberts: Yes, we definitely constrained export production in the first quarter and will continue to do so in the second quarter. The demand is still strong. The deeds are there, prices are moving up. So that's a good thing.
John Faraci: We've got the capacity to meet our customers planned needs over the cycle. And we made a footprint decision so we can carry a lot of excess capacity, which we think what we need. But as those market plays out, when we get modest but steady growth in North America of 2%, let's say, a year, we'll be in great shape to be able to meet our needs. What we want is to be able to supply our strategic customers but supply and demand are at a point where we don't have to sell product at lower margin somewhere we're not going to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Claudia Hueston with JPMorgan.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe just building off that question, I just wondered if you've seen any change trade on the paper side of your business, just given the change in currency and somewhat what surprised you?
John Faraci: I'd ask Mark Sutton, who runs our Paper business in North America and Brazil, to talk about that.
Mark Sutton: Claudia, the only thing we saw probably partially related to currency was a bit more imports into Brazil in the first quarter than we had a normally seen in the past and than what we're expecting. As far as a Europe, I don't think there were any issues. And exports out of the U.S. were actually, as an industry, down and core IP down. But most of that was related to the inability to get fiber to meet all of our commitments. So the Brazil import piece was the only thing that I see from a potential currency influence the quarter.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then I was wondering if you could just comment on the visibility of your customers now and how you think it compares to what might be normal? have you seen any changes in the buying patterns or inventory management on their end or just any really noticeable change in mood?
John Faraci: Our business is closest to lot of customers at xpedx. Maybe Mary Laschinger is just going to add some color on that.
Mary Laschinger: Claudia, Mary Laschinger here. Claudia, I think what we're seeing, first of all, in the print side of our business is that I would characterize it as more stable and with some optimism in the marketplace. And again, we saw some improvement more or less focused in the east coast as a stronger region for us than in the West, but we are starting to see some greater demand coming across the country. But again of the print side, I'd characterize it as stable with some optimism. When we move over to packaging, we've actually seen a pretty healthy improvement in volume in packaging in our business across the country, more heavily focused in the Midwest. And the customers seem quite optimistic about the Packaging side of the business.
Timothy Nicholls: Claudia, in the consumer packaging and our converting business that was really a bimodal quarter. We went from taking downtime in coated paperboard in January to being sold out in March. And we also experienced similar trends in our Shorewood business and in Food Service. So again, like John said, we're not ready to call it a recovery yet but our customers are feeling a whole lot better in March and April, probably sooner than we expected.
John Faraci: Maybe the way to say it is to think about it as we're not calling euphoric robust recovery but it clearly is recovery that's starting to get more legs and more tentacles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: John, I was hoping if you could update us on the Ilim strategy in the recently announced investment there? Is that presumably fiber that's going to go into China? But can you elaborate on your thoughts on the strategy?
John Faraci: Same strategy, Pete, that we had when we made the joint venture investment two plus years ago. The whole notion here was to build out the position in Siberia and modernize the facility in Western Russia so that we can reduce costs, improve product quality and expand capacity. But all got put on hold by about for a year, maybe 15 months, because of what happened in the end of 2008, 2009 because it's being financed off the balance sheet. We're basically going add call it $1.5 billion modernization program, the single biggest project, the single biggest piece being the pulp project at Rogers. About $700 million of that is about half of the overall program. Theres another investment that's underway or being studied or kind of finalized for a conference which is the facility that serves the Russian market in paper.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I was curious to see your 9% headcount reduction at xpedx, pretty big number. Can you elaborate what you see going forward there? I we kind of through some of the rightsizing? Or do you view this as ongoing? How should we think about that?
John Faraci: I'll let Mary talk about xpedx and then I'll just make a comment about International Paper.
Mary Laschinger: As was reported, we did experience a 9% reduction in 2009. We continue to look at the business in terms of what's going to be the right structure as well as headcount going forward. I wouldn't anticipate at this time that we're going to see the kind of reduction we saw in 2009, but we'll continue to evaluate the business in accordance with the revenue of that we're being able to generate within the business.
John Faraci: Pete, we've submitted for paper perspective, we've got roughly 80% of revenues. We had eight or nine years ago with less than half the people. Now, I mean, no one likes to have a fewer jobs. I think it needs a lot of tough decision but at the end of the day, that's what we've done over the past eight years and we've done it systematically as opposed hypothetically. So we're going to continue to look for ways to get the job better in all of our businesses, with the big push on productivity and planning for attrition.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: John, I think you mentioned pretty heavy maintenance expense in 1Q, your slides indicate a little bit heavier in 2Q and I think you said first half is a 2/3 of the year. So what kind of a drop might we might expect from between 2Q and 3Q in terms of lower maintenance expense level?
John Faraci: I think that's in the appendix, isn't it, Tom?
Thomas Kadien: Yes, it's on Slide 27, Pete, in the Appendix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: If I'm getting a ride that downtime, that's like a $0.15 swing from second to third quarter, is that right, Tom?
Thomas Kadien: It's about $90 million, Mark.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: I thought you were more specific on this than I heard. But in terms of the pension funding, have you determined order of magnitude what you might contribute this year?
Thomas Kadien: We haven't made a determination yet. As you know, we don't have a funding requirement in 2010. We probably do have one in 2011 unless there's some changes in legislation. But we're looking at the potential voluntary contribution this year as part of our overall debt reduction plan. So we're thinking of balance sheet debt and pension combined and looking at the options we have for further debt reduction as we go through the year.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: What is striking, the price increases which you had with the fact that you do have input costs coming down and maintenance would be coming down, the free cash generation of things play out as hopefully they will, will get really very, very strong. You talked about dividend and share repurchase as a things would be sorting through. I mean is it feasible six-month we do see things are working out and hope for that would be something you'd be revisiting potentially. We'd be hearing more about it another step up in the dividend and/or share repurchase, recognizing that there are a number of factors that you alluded to that would help to determine what the mix, et cetera, might be?
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, it's something that we constantly look out. So yes, it will be tied to economic performance. It'll be tied to our earnings growth and our cash flow generation. I think 2010, you're right, 2010 is going to be a strong cash flow year for the company. So it's something we'll consider as we go through the year.
John Faraci: Think about on where we are on some of these valid uses of cash. Our balance sheet that is about where we think it ought to be. We still got a pension issue to deal with. That number becomes a moving target based on interest rates and return. So we do want to end up with an overfunded pension plan but we've got a couple of billion dollars over a several year period that we anticipate we're going to need to put the pension plan. So our cash would be used for that and it will also be used to go back insurance. We don't need to sit on $2 billion, $3 billion of cash.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: You guys struck me that was the one gaining factor was getting the cash in to deal with the pension before you would then be ready to potentially more aggressive because as you said, arguably, you would not need have even cut the dividend at all from a dollar had you known how things were playing out, which kind of raised the question of why you couldn't go right back to a dollar right now.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I think we moved the dividend at the right time. We moved it at the right amount from where we are, Mark.
John Faraci: And pension, we have more visibility on the legislation. And obviously, we have a $600 million, $700 million changing in that liability from an accounting standpoint just in one year. So we know we can move pretty significantly both ways. The dividend, Mark, is something we've just decided to take just the could have got all the way back to $1.01 when we thought that the right thing to do is to make a meaningful move and hopefully assigned to investors that we're feeling that 2009 is behind us. We've got a lot ahead of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Could you update us at all in terms of how you're thinking about capital spending and investment longer term. I know you have the estimate for this year at $800 million, is that number perhaps move a little bit higher now as the platform is growing internationally?
Timothy Nicholls: We are moving higher this year. Most of the increase is focused on cost reduction, consumption reduction, projects towards that, quick return, quick payback types of opportunities that really we put off last year so we're going through the crisis. We've said for 12 to 18 months now, we think a more normalized level is probably around $1 billion of capital investment on average for the cycle versus D&A of about $1.5 billion. And I think it will be situational, we've learned through the crisis there might be some opportunities to be more efficient about how we invest given pricing on inputs, or components that go in. And so that's somewhere between $900 million and $1 billion on average a year through cycle.
Timothy Nicholls: I think that's the important thing, George. A little bit higher, lower, a lot lower last year. Maybe $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion, but we're committed to the discipline keeping well below depreciation, being very selective of where the capital goes. That kind of include some organic growth outside North America if and when those projects will be having a affect of returns.
George Staphos: If I relate that to John what you're saying earlier about $1.5 billion of free cash flow and it took your comment is being an average figure over the course of the cycle. That would then roughly translate if I assume nothing longer-term for pension funding and working capital to roughly about $250 million of average earnings power through the cycle. Does that figure sound about right given your long-term playing horizon? How should we think about that is that if that is the right number?
John Faraci: Your forecast, but not necessarily ours. The way we think about that, George, is what it's going to take to get $20 billion capital base, roughly $20 billion capital base across the capital returns our cycle. And our target is get a mid-cycle basis, which means less in the down market, more in the up market in 2011 or 2010. Certainly not anywhere near mid-cycle markets. So you can do your own math to figure out what the EPS is going to be, or 8% return on $20 billion of capital.
George Staphos: Relating to what you said before, last one, just the trade flow question maybe for Mark. One of the European companies is now saying recently that they are beginning to shift some cut size here to the U.S. I realized it's a big affect given how much of the market's driven by the big box retail, but have you seen any effect of that at all in the market or over the course of the year?
Mark Sutton: We haven't seen a significant impact. There is always some movement and it really tends to be tied into things that you mentioned, or that was mentioned earlier. One is currency and one is excess startup capacity in the market. So we haven't seen any noticeable impact from increased imports in cut size.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: What assumptions do you have make about SCA in your existing container business in Asia to make the SCA acquisition accretive and when? And do you expect it to be the cost of capital in 2011. I'm just trying to get a sense of what kind of growth and assumptions you need to make that deal hit your own hurdles?
Thomas Cleves: Mark, let me use our box business that we've got into China right now as a proxy. It's a growing North of 15%. We got a number of a brand-new plants that we've built a lot of over the last couple of years. But we've got several plants I'd say are four years or older. If you look at those, their earnings north the cost of capital returns right now. And as we fill them up, they are cost of capital returns. The key to the into China is not overpay the capacity. And what's kind of unique is our EBITDA margins are about our ROI is, which is in my experience a bit unusual usual. But as long as you're paying the right price to build it or to buy it, we have the cost of capital in China, just like what we do in our non-integrated business in Europe.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: So would SCA accretive this year?
John Faraci: On the calculation, I don't know, Mark. We can take that off-line and kind of work it out.
Operator: And we'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Cleves for closing remarks.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Christi. We appreciate your help. Thanks, everybody for joining us for the call today. Investor Relations will be available for follow-up questions. With that said, I'm going to go to the airport and get on an airplane. I'll be back in Memphis midafternoon. But next we'll be in the office for immediate responses. Please go either one of us with additional questions. Thanks for joining today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating today is International Paper 2010 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Cleves - VP of IR John Faraci - Chairman & CEO  Tim Nicholls - SVP & CFO Carol Roberts- SVP, Industrial Packaging
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Steve Chercover - DA. Davidson  Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital George Staphos - Bank of America  Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Gail Glazerman - UBS Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to International Paper's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remark, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Tom Cleves:
 :
John Faraci: Thanks Tom and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. As usually we do, over the next 20 to 30 minutes, Tim and I will review our full year and fourth quarter results and the performance of each of our businesses. Then we’ll talk about our first quarter outlook and open it up to your questions. Let me start by saying, we performed very well in 2009 especially considering the magnitude of the challenges we faced here and around the world. Despite the steak drops in demands, we made IP better and stronger in 2009. In 2009 and going forward, it is all about cash flow and 2009 in the fourth quarter; we are strong in that measure. We generated $2.2 billion of cash flow before fuel credits in 2009 that’s more than $5 a share, improved our balance sheet by $4.3 billion, reducing our logs of debt by $3.1 billion, reducing our pension obligation by $400 million and increasing our cash balance by $800 million.  We continue to match our production to our customer’s need to limit pressure on pricing. By the time we complete our announced permanent capacity adjustments earlier this year, we will shutdown more than 2.6 million tons containerboard, uncoated free sheet and coated paper board capacity in North America and Western Europe. We also generated more than $500 million in industrial packaging of synergies including $200 million of overhead cost reductions and further reduced our overhead cost by $300 million around the rest of the company of wide industrial packaging. And our 2009 results also include the favorable impact of $600 million of reduced input costs. Slide five is a busy one, but it picks the four major points of our 2009 improvement plan.  Let’s just start up in the upper left with capacity management and move clockwise to review our progress. On capacity management, this remains a key component of our efforts to protect margins and earnings. We incur the cost at 2.7 million tons of lack of order downtime in the North American mill system and more than 2.1 million tons of permanent capacity shutdowns. These efforts have begun to payoff in the form of higher operating rates and lower fixed cost and the fixed cost flow really occurred in 2010. The permanent shutdown of our excess capacity in North America, we have reduced our fixed cost by about $170 million annually. Back to integration synergies, increased our earnings from integration synergies by more than $500 million. We say the integration of Weyerhaeuser Industrial Packaging business over now it is turning to optimize the business. Our Industrial Packaging team executed excellent integration of the Weyerhaeuser Packaging business and exceeded our synergies go well ahead a original three-year plan, basically got more merger benefits faster. In addition to these synergies, we are also targeting another $300 million in cost reductions from optimizing the entire Industrial Packaging business. Cost reduction also played a key role and generating the bottom line earnings and cash flow for International Paper in 2009. We’ve reduced our overhead expenses by $500 million including $200 million in the Weyerhaeuser packaging integration. Through the combined efforts of integration synergies and overhead cost reductions, we took out more than 6000 positions including 2500 salary positions in 2009 and finally used our strong free cash flow to strengthen our balance sheet significantly throughout the year.  We’ve reduced debt by 3.1 billion increased our cash balance by 800 million and refinanced more than 2.75 billion in long-term debt. Turning to slide 6, this shows our continued progress and reducing long-term debt since we acquired the Weyerhaeuser packaging assets in 2008. In the fourth quarter, we have reduced balance sheet debt by incremental $600 million and since we completed the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser packaging assets, we’ve reduced our balance sheet debt by 3.7 billion or more than 60% of the debt we took on to make the acquisition. We remain committed to further strengthening our balance sheet and we continue to pursue our goal debt-to-EBITDA ratio including our unfunded pension obligations of less than 3 throughout the cycle.
 :
 :
 : We’ve really changed the quality of the earnings profile for International Paper as we transformed IP into a focused global paper packaging company. Slide 9 shows that it shows our continued progress improving the quality and sustainability of EBITDA. Just looking at the slide for a minute, on average 2003 to 2007, 40% of our EBITDA was generated by asset sales in our forest resources business.  In 2008 only 24% of our EBITDA was generated by forest resources asset sales and in 2009 land sales accounted for only 2% of our EBITDA. Today IP is a stronger better company with cash generated from a competitive global papers packaging business.  So with that I'll turn it over to Tim who will talk about fourth quarter results and results of our individual businesses and then I’ll come back to talk about the outlook and take your questions.
Tim Nicholls: Okay thanks John. Good morning everyone. Fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.24 and if you exclude the impact land sales earnings from our operating businesses were actually up 50% from the fourth quarter of 2008 while these results were inline with our original expectations for the quarter, we were definitely not satisfied with our manufacturing operations performance. We had had four consecutive quarters of strong operations but in the fourth quarter experience on isolated mill specific operating issues in North America. During the quarter we did generate 500 million in free cash flow and reduced debt by 600 million one of the story there was input cost which after falling all year long hit a turning point and became a $36 million headwinds for the fourth quarter.
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : But if you will turn to slide 13, I want to put the fourth quarter in perspective and the whole year. So, if you look at this chart what it is showing is quarterly EBITDA margin performance for each of the quarters throughout 2009 and the year-over-year change in margins for 2008, 2009. In the fourth quarter, we generated EBITDA margins of 12.4%, which is comparable with our next best competitor but the important point here is that despite bearing the cost of 90% total downtime in our system. Our 2009 EBITDA margins were 17.5% that is 330 basis points greater than 2008 and it is 220 basis points greater than our next best competitor and outside North American our European box business we generated record EBIT and achieved cost capital returns in 2009 and if you turn to printing papers on the next slide, printing papers actually performed quite well what’s usually a seasonally weak quarter, sector earnings of 139 million were comparable to the third quarter.  North American paper volume decreased while European and Brazilian volumes increased. Prices were relatively flat higher input cost decreased earnings by 8 million and for this segment no operations remain solid. Part of the region being that most of our uncoated tree sheet mills in North America in the eastern part of the country and we are not impacted by as much of these extreme weathers we had in the central and western part of our regions. Overhead spending was favorable. We have fewer maintenance outages which increased earnings by $13 million and we have higher export shipments from the U.S. and Brazil that reduced earnings by $8 million. So, for the year uncoated tree sheet business in North America and our European paper’s business both generated cost to capital returns for the full year and our Russian paper’s business after a very slow start due to the economic crisis into the year having achieved record EBITDA in 2009. Turning to consumer packaging, earnings were $49 million, our volumes were flat, slightly lower selling prices reduced earnings by $2 million. We did some of the same issues around mill operations that we had in industrial packaging relating to the bad weather. The main reason for the decreased in earnings was the higher maintenance outages, which reduced earnings by $10 million and one of the highlights in this segment in China is our Sun joint venture, which increased shipments by more than 50% in 2009 and increased our earnings by more than $37 million during the year.
 :
 :
 :
John Faraci: Thanks Tim. Let me take a minute to summarize the quarter. We had a solid quarter. We’ve accomplished a great deal during the fourth quarter, but the worse and pluses and minus, we ship higher volumes at exports in North America, which reduced our lack of order downtime costs. Our print papers business in North America, Europe and Russia performed very well during the fourth quarter. We announce price increases in all of our global pulp, paper and packaging businesses and are implementing those during the first quarter. We will start to see the real impact from that on our bottom line in March. We continue to match our production to our customer’s need and made the tough but necessary decisions to make permanent capacity reductions in North America and Western Europe. These reductions let the higher operating rates at the end of the quarter and as I said earlier we could get even more benefits from this capacity management strategy in 2010 as we take out the fixed cost tied up in these facilities.  We continue to aggressively manage costs in the fourth quarter and throughout the year and took out 5600 positions in 2009 and 10,000 jobs since June of 2008. We also reduced our CapEx spending by about $500 million in 2009. And we used the resulting free cash flow to continue to pay down debts $600 million in the fourth quarter and $3.1 billion for the full year. On the minus side, during the quarter, input cost went from a tailwind to a headwind. Actually for wood and OCC and as Tim said we’ve experienced some significant isolated operating issues associated with bad weather and wood shortages at our mills in the U.S. So, with that let me move to the first quarter outlook. In a nutshell, January and February, January has already done, are going to be tough. On top of the fourth quarter input cost increases, we anticipate the input cost inflation is likely to continue in the first quarter. Continued poor wood harvesting conditions in U.S. South and competition for OCC could lead to another jump in fiber cost. To hope the wrong and we may be wrong, but we could see input cost worked by another $100 to $120 million in the quarter. We have announced price increase for all of our global manufacturing businesses and we are getting good implementation, but not as quickly as input cost may go up. It is a timing issue, but it is only for the next 30 to 45 days.  The impact of these price increases will start to show up as we acted the first quarter and will be substantial in terms of impact on our second quarter results. When these increases are fully implemented and not only in North America, they are on a global basis, the impact could be a $150 million to $200 million per quarter. What’s really important about the quarter is how we finished the quarter and at this point in time the finish looks a lot better than January and February. So, as slide 22 illustrates, we had a solid fourth quarter despite the input cost headwinds and isolated operating issues. First quarter is going to be tough, but we anticipate positive momentum in the second quarter and remained optimistic about earnings for 2010. All things considered, we feel a lot more positive and confident about 2010 than we felt about 2009 at this time last year. Now let us take a look at out detailed first quarter outlook which is on slide 23. The first quarter is always seasonally slow. On top of that we anticipate only modest U.S. economic recovery. It is fair to say the U.S. economy has stabilized and in some cases improving, but is not out of the woods yet. The economies in Latin America, China and Russia where we also had business positions are growing again. On prices, pulp prices will continue to improve and we expect to realize the announced price increases on paper and packaging grades as the quarter progresses. As I said, most of that will start to show up in March. Maintenance outages will increase by about $25 million in North America. Xpedx earnings will not be strong in the first quarter because of the LIFO adjustment that Tim mentioned and we expect the contribution from Ilim joint venture to decrease reflecting the impact of higher input cost and an extended mill outages and some foreign exchange movements. 
 :
Tom Cleves: Thanks John. Thanks Tim. Brandy we are now ready to begin the Q&A. But before we start let me say that we asked each caller to limit the question to one plus a follow-up, so that everyone has a chance to participate. Okay Brandy, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi, good morning. If you please speak on the operating issues and a quick follow-up on downtime. Are you know, you brought into the first quarter, are you seeing relief from these issues, the weather is still choppy or you still having operating problems.
John Faraci: January was just the repeat of December, you know Gail, in terms of cold weather. We had basically 2 weeks of below 20 degree of weather across the South, just had another ice storm come through Texas and Oklahoma and we have had a huge amount of wet weather that is not going to last forever, but that is- January is kind of a repeat of December.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and looking for the first quarter in terms of the downtime cost, with the mills closed in the late in the quarter, so if you are seeing any improvement there and could you help us to quantify it at all?
John Faraci:
 :
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, I guess I will get back in the queue at this time.
John Faraci: All right.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
John Faraci: Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank:
 :
John Faraci:
 :
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay but I was wondering about John specifically is one of your competitors last week showed a big quarter-to-quarter jump in incentive comp in the fourth quarter now whether you had anything of the like in your numbers?
John Faraci: Yeah I agree there is a huge quarter-to-quarter change that the fourth quarter was probably higher. There is a year-to-year change that’s done significant this week obviously covered with other cost production.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. I will get back in the queue
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Claudia Hueston with JPMorgan
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: Morning thanks very much.
John Faraci: Claudia good morning.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan: I just had a question on the input on fixed cost you talked about on slide 23 about 120 million sequential increase, can you just talk a little bit about what you are assuming for things like OCC and then John I think you have said you could see an additional 100 to 120 million, was that in addition to that 120 that you have talked about in the chart?
John Faraci: That is 100 to 120.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan : Okay and then could you just talk about what you are assuming for those component?
John Faraci: (Inaudible) 
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan : Excuse me.
John Faraci: We saw an OCC onward thinking about what’s going to happen with that quarter-to-quarter OCC can go up by 50 bucks and it hasn’t yet, you know, it is moved up and now moving sideways so I hope we are wrong, we could easily wrong, you know, we are not buying any wood, any OCC other than what we need on the spot basis.
Claudia Hueston - JPMorgan : Okay thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Sterne Agee. 
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: Thank you. Hi John. Couple of things you talked about 300 million of additional optimization in industrial packaging, and I wonder if you could tell us a little bit more about that is that, is that more on the supply chain side, or is it more of a driven now and my second question comes back to your first comment which was, you told that cash on - -we see your CAPEX coming in under $600 million this year which is found, an amazing drop particularly you have given where IP has been in the past. I tend to assume that maintenance system were between 300 and 350, and as you talk about your cash priorities is a billion still the right number for us to be thinking about over the next couple of years?
John Faraci:
 :
Tim Nicholls: And Mark I just to add to that we won’t see a significant decrease in capital for the close the mill closure that we announced because we had already started retailing capital in those operations. We will pick up reduction and maintenance terms.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee : Right great.
John Faraci: So Carol, you want to talk about it.
Carol Roberts: Hey Mark this is Carol. Relative to the continued improvement that we can achieve now I think what is the most exciting is, we are done integration and we are really moving onto optimization and there is a bit of differentiation and if you look that where a lot of synergies savings came from given how we operated last year one year that we really have not had a chance to really optimize yet, it is a new system. We ran with the significant amount of downtime last year and so with our footprint change and then getting our new system to run away we know we can’t that’s a lot of upside there. Unfortunately, we are not operating in that condition right now. We are not at our best yet due to the conditions and challenge as John and Tim talked about. In addition to that there is more supply chain upside. Once again that is not an area that we have been able to optimize yet. We have made some progress but will be better there. We also see more opportunity to improve the box plan. We made a lot progress but there is continued cost improvement there as well as box composition, which reflects itself in margin and then the other piece that really not a significant part of the 300 but due to influence but it’s upside to it and just going back into our volume overtime. We have a lot of potential to do the right things overtime and increase our volume because you know where, you know, we can start run for even with our new- we haven’t been full. So all that says there is a lot of upside run away in the Industrial Packaging business to make the business better.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee : Perfect, it’s really helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs:
 :
John Faraci: Well, like Carol talked about the Industrial Packaging stuff and then I will come on in the free mills came out.
Carol Roberts: Yeah, when the timing, you know, our goal is to hit that, you know, run rate basis by the end of this year, that’s our goal.
John Faraci: On the fixed cost associated with the mills, Rick, we shut down two mills in Europe in the beginning of the year, so we got most of the benefit, I say, we took a nine months benefit in 2009, we shut down our small recycle mill in France Etienne in November and that’s going to be a $10 million plus year-over-year for us, and that just not have any loss associated with that and you know, the biggest chunk of fixed cost reduction comes to Franklin, Franklin mill does not come full y out until end of the second quarter and that’s about $90.0 million bucks and the rest of it of the amount which is probably 50 or 60 is Pineville and Albany and those mills are shut so we will see how that savings flow in the first second, throughout the year.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Right and then just a follow up question on previous question about the operating cost in the packaging business in the quarter that $56 million of operating issues did that primarily occur in December or is that 
John Faraci:
 :
Carol Roberts: Yeah, our tight wood situation started to manifest itself in November until we started to see you know, some higher cost as we move things around in freight cost and what not but really December was the more difficult challenge. We had like another example of the weather we had Springfield, Springfield mill down for their annual outage, out in Oregon and believe it or not when we went to start up it was below freezing for un extended in Oregon that we just don’t expect that so that was difficult so I would say the majority were of the operating issues were December but some of the wood issues started to really show up in the November time frame.
John Faraci: And the wood issues aren’t structural and we are not out buying wood from month at a time, I mean, this is really transportation, there is a little bit of stoppage on the hardwood side, it has gone up and the real incremental wood cost is around transportation because everybody is going out further to buy wood, so w will cut that off real quick as you know, weather conditions improve and they will.
Carol Roberts: And as John said that you know the challenging condition as he mentioned after tentative January but I am very optimistic that they are working on layout, and we are going to end the first quarter in a heck of a lot of better condition than we ended the quarter. Actually, you know, our Industrial Packaging our wood situation is probably a little bit better now than it was three years ago.
Carol Roberts: Absolutely.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson :
 :
John Faraci: Oh, one thing (indiscernible) was very good at, that’s predict in the pulp market because you don’t have seen all that, demand signals a co-transparency that are going on in China but I would say International Papers got a pretty (indiscernible) side and you know, we buy pulp in China for the Sun JV, we sell pulp in China through Ilim and we also had a trading operation, big distribution business which by themselves pulp in China and as best we can tell, so we are kind of being in all three parts of that business, the demand is real, you know, China is, you know, a huge increment of all the world’s increase in pulp shipments and that’s going into the domestic economy and so I think that’s going to be the driver the engine of the pulp demand going forward and that economy now, China is now the biggest paper and packaging market in the world, just in Containerboard now they have a box market in the U.S. so it’s real and it start shrinking.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning, I just had a question about the pension plan, you mentioned that you have no cash contribution this year and so, I would imagine that $234.0 million expenses is obviously a cash you know, in flow relative to earnings could you just refresh our memories last year how much did you put into the pension plan?
Tim Nicholls: We didn’t put anything into the last year ship and we were not required to make the contribution this year, we may do so in a voluntarily basis. The last time we put money into the pension plan was at the end of 2006.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse:
 :
Tim Nicholls: Just on the last point some potential for changing tax follow ups you probably impacts a lot of the analysis that we do around many things so will pick that into account. We will have those price conversation about how people do this potential tax changes but what we try to communicate in June of last year and have done so since then was that we were looking through the cycles or less than three times debt EBITDA and that was including not only balance sheet debt but our unfunded pension obligations as well. So around the dividend there is a motivation that we want to see the dividend, read the dividend policy changed and reinstated but we have taken the view that until we have more clarity and certainly around economic performance and how viable it is and how sustainable on what pace and until we see ourselves with line of side meaning we have accomplish to debt target objective but we can see clearly how we get there that we would forego making a change in dividend policy.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you.
Tim Nicholls:
 :
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: It is pretty amazing I mean, your net debt is almost back to the free Weyerhaeuser acquisition level and of course it is turned out better so thank you.
Tim Nicholls: We did see an improvement on our unfunded pension against the obligation of 400 million, it is in the package so I think in the appendix somewhere but Tom is telling me on page 32 but we have very strong return on assets and that was that 400 million improvement with a slight deterioration in the discount rate.
Tim Nicholls: So these assets last year this time or in the first quarter when we look at reinstating the dividend. We would have said we have no idea because frankly we had no idea but it is probably not soon. I think we feel very differently about that now. It cannot be specific but it is always tough we were worried about this it is behind us.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thank you and good morning. Wanted to come back to the question of fiber cost, I am curious on the 44 million tons of wood that you buy, can you remind us on how you buy, is it basically the quarterly prices in the marketplace or do you have some percentage of that those purchases that are on longer term contracts?
Tim Nicholls: We do not have any meaningful long-term contracts I say meaning I cannot take if any of it we have, the wood that we used to buy is about 25% of our wood come from IP forest with the long-term contracts and net wood’s price of what we buy the remaining 75% so that works I think on a quarter or monthly like I think it is quarter like but 75% we were buying is basically gate wood we were out there buying wood everyday and one of the things we got done is may long-term permissions for wood at a fixed price.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay so is it fair John in your outlook that perhaps the first quarter fiber cost if you have a couple of months of high fiber cost might be higher than the fourth quarter but then as you looked to the second quarter and things try out if you are expecting out to come back down.
John Faraci: You map out fiber cost over the last five years. There is a lot of seasonality whether fiber cost are 40 bucks down to 25 bucks at a time winter months are always higher than the summer months so no question about that.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: That’s helpful. John could you also, last question, could you just provide an update strategic update on where you stand on the Ilim venture on how you would like to proceed going forward in the mix to that but where would you like to take it and what are the difference scenarios that we can expect the possible outcome we can expect? 
John Faraci: Well, we are well into the second year or I guess into the third year, the Ilim joint venture of the first year financially was a great year, record year for Ilim. The second year was not a great year because what happened to the pulp markets and so average do we are right back, just about bang on where we thought would be. We had the delay of the business plan. We remember we invest $650 million at the initial investment that gives us the opportunity to invest off Ilim’s cash flow and balance sheet to reduced cost and improved product quality, and expand capacity. We still want to do those projects, had a (indiscernible) business of what happened in the credit markets and we are well along on getting that capital playing together and Ilim’s well along on getting the financing together and I would expect as we go to 2010, decline in the- come together and we will likely get started. So the same strategy we had and I would say the Ilim joint venture has gone well. We are working well with our partners. We now know each other a lot better than we did 2 years ago and you know, so far so good. And I say today, we are pretty positive about demand in Russia and demand in China 65% of what Ilim sells is export, most of that is China.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks very much John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
John Faraci: Hi George. George didn’t show up. Operator your line goes to the next question. I think the George is in the queue.
Operator: Okay his line is now open.
George Staphos - Bank of America : Hi folks. Good morning and congratulations again. I guess 2 question, one longer term, you know if we look at recent performance you have done a wonderful job through supply management of really taking the edge off of what have otherwise would have been a much more difficult year through capital plan and supply management, but all industries are doing that to some degree and we could expect them to do that as we go into the recovery including your supply. So, as we think about you know earnings in the cycle, John, do you think that if you have taken out some of the drop that you might see in trough and a recession, have we also seen or we like to see some what would have been a normal peak number taken away from the industry. How would you think about it and what would you have us think about.
John Faraci: Well our input cost, if you look at input cost over a 3-4 year period, are still significantly up. We got $600 million that has been for cost release last year, but that was against a runoff of about close to $2 billion in total input cost. So, yeah, you know your point about supply management is true, but there is a lot of input cost kind of inflation or kind of access to normal inflation that’s we are still sticking with this. That may stick around for a while. I mean it may stick around forever. So, we got to be prepared to improve our margins with that input cost, those input costs kind of currently where they are and that is what our plan is based on. We are not assuming that we are going to get a lot or margin expansion from lower input cost.
George Staphos - Bank of America : Well I guess the question, I think you answered it. You know, as we go into the recovery demands picks up, your pricing improves. Do you expect that your suppliers would be in a position to take away what would have been a normal upturn the incremental profitability that you would have seen in past years. Do you think you would be able to after this transition, you know, outrage those potential input cost down the road?
John Faraci: I think we are going to get margin expansion as we look forward. Certainly in the industrial packaging, we have done a very hard wire program as Carol said you know improving our earning and cash flow in that business from internal initiates by $300 plus million and none of that based on lowered input cost. We have got $200 million of capital projects that are great short payback consumption reduction projects and so, using less caustics, using less chemical, using less woods, using less energy is a great way to offset input cost inflation (indiscernible).
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay. Well we hope your success on those efforts. I guess the last question I had regarding China, you mentioned given the three windows you have into the market relative to pulp and (inaudible) initially, you feel that demand for pulp is real relative to the amount of production that we are seeing in terms of board and paper in the market. From what you can see at least over the intermediate term. Do you think the mastic consumption of paper and board is in line with the production of paper and board in China. Thanks.
John Faraci: Well, the best way to answer that is to talk about the Sun joint venture. Our volume is up 60% year over year. There is, I don’t think any of the Sun board that is being explored that there is might be a couple of thousand tons that of 800, so we are exporting very little and most of our customer base in China are companies that are selling products domestically, not selling products and exporting them. So, as we see and look at the Chinese economy, it could get even stronger because the export sector really has not come back and China is growing an 8 to 9% really on the basis of domestic demand, not export demand. It is pretty clear the Chinese government trying to slow down there growth which is probably the wise thing to do. So, it is very-very strong domestically. Our box business in China has waited to domestic customers and that is the double digits. So, the demand there is real. It is not real estate that is driving the economy, you know some of it is demand for products and our bleach board business and our box business that’s what we are doing, making packaging for products.
George Staphos - Bank of America : Okay thanks very much guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. Looking at the industry statistics for the corrugated box and container board business. It looks like we saw a little bit of improvement in December. Did you see that in your business and can you give us a sense of how 2010 has started out?
John Faraci: I think I will let Carol answer that as Mark since she is right on it every day.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Superb.
Carol Roberts: Yeah Mark, we did see a better December than the month before and so we’ve seeing that improvement. I will call the improvement modest but nonetheless it is improvement. That improvement continued into the first part of January which is pretty strong. It slow down a little bit in the later part, but I believe that had lot to do with some of the weather and some of the other condition. So, we remained cautiously optimistic about the outlook for box demand.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: And presumably with the price having gone up in January that is indicative that supply demand balance is in good shape. What are the risks that you see, because I guess one thing that struck me is that John you talked about, I think that John you said 2010 you expected to do better in each of your businesses than in 2009 and given that cost inflation has probably eaten up a lot of January in the Industrial Packaging business that the price increase. To get there either you got to have enormous amounts of internal improvements or you have got another price increase and what are kind of variables that we have got a keep a eye almost closely that would either enable you or not enable you to get another price increase?
Carol Roberts: Let me comment on that once again. I cannot comment on future price increases but I will talk about how I view the outlook generally for our business and I remained very optimistic about where we are heading in our ability to our earnings capability. We are not at our best right now. We are not at our best in December. We were not at our best in January relative to our operations. The things that are important, operating rates in the industry, inventory levels in the industry, inventory levels down at (indiscernible) are all very good things. So, once again I just remained optimistic about our ability to perform better than we are performing today with potential for the future that I feel very confident and good about.
John Faraci: Mark at other place where there is a lot of margin expansion that people probably overlook somewhat there we think about boxes. You know, there has been a huge spread in the export and domestic line of board price and you know that spread is shrinking rapidly and for us we are big exporter of line of board and have been and will continue to be and so there is easily $50 to $100 bucks a ton of you know price gap to be made up and which will get made up in a tight situation between export and domestic pricing and that’s a million and half ton gross and that is a big number.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: And I believe some of that already is being made up. Can you give us a sense as to if we were to look today or perhaps more easily. What you look at your export pricing in February. How does that contrast to where it was in fourth quarter?
John Faraci: It is getting better, but it is very by reaching the world and we does still want to go into regional pricing, but as I said some part of world are tighten up a lot faster than others, but there are all going to get tighter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay and then one real quick one. Obviously, you got a lot of cash on the balance sheet right now, what is the thought process there?
Tim Nicholls: Well, primarily we continued to reduce out debt levels, Mark. I mean we made a significant improvement in the fourth quarter and nothing has really changed as we entered in 2010. I guess the one thing that has changed as John mentioned is the balance sheet is quickly approaching the kind of shape that we would want to have it down on a sustainable basis. So, mostly the debt reduction is going to come, could come around potential pension contributions.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. You talked in depth of box demand. Can you talk may be a little bit about some of what turns you are seeing in early 2010 and some of the other business?
John Faraci: Yeah I can just (indiscernible). Gail we are seeing the paper business which kind of way into pretty deep recession last year in terms of year-over-year volume. I think like direct mails are coming back. Our envelope (indiscernible) more optimistic, you know, we could not really tell last year is how much of the paper decline was structural, and inventory correction related and you know there were huge declines in direct mail especially in the financial services sector which in financial services sector there is a big user of direct mail and that stuff is showing some signs of not just stabilizing but getting better. So, you know that is the plus. Our businesses outside North America, all feel pretty good from the demands standpoint. We had a very strong fourth quarter in Europe, our box demand, our industrial, you know, we not had a strong investable session in Europe, but we had strong industrial growth which has frankly surprised us. Turkey had its best fourth quarter ever. In North America, it does not feel like 5% to 6% GDP growth. You looked at this fourth quarter GDP numbers, where was it. You look at xpedx sales per day, you know, they are not up. You are up 5% from the second quarter, but they are not up 5 or 6% in the fourth quarter compared to the third and you know we are in the 100 geographies with 100s of customers buying lots of products and so you see what FedEx and UPS are saying about package volume. If that is real, we are going to start to see in some of our business, but we have not yet. That’s make us feel good that means there is upside and we are not running full and some of our competitors may be closer to running full than we are, so we’ve got more volumes upside than anybody else and whatever the economic conditions are. I think that is the last, one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: John, I wondered if you could just talk briefly about what the potential is for IP over the next 2 or 3 years from energy related products and projects and then also what your opportunity might be in terms of state by state renewal energy credits?
John Faraci: Well, we don’t have time for the 2 hour answer or 2 hour discussion. We still have that is probably close to a $1 billion in total in terms of energy cost on a global basis. Lots of opportunities to reduce energy consumptions, I cannot say right at the top of my head, but there are $200 million of cost reductions we are spending. I would say most of it is aimed at energy and at $6 gaps those projects are darn good projects. So, we are going to continue to manage consumption reduction as aggressive as we can, but running going to invest in projects where we got long term competitive facilities. We are not going to be investing facilities. We don’t think they are going to be part of IP future. So, I feel we get pretty capital runway there, but it is not billions of dollars.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Those renewal energy credits because some other companies are starting to report gains on the sales of those credits
John Faraci: We are getting energy credits at Europe because of the cap-and-trade system that is in place there, but I am not really sure what are you talking about there, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Take it that offline then.
John Faraci: Thanks. We are not just defining it differently then somebody else is, but we will get back to you on that.
Mark Wilde- Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Tom Cleves for closing comments.
Tom Cleves: Thank you Brandy. Emily Nicks and I will be available for follow-up questions via the telephone and we will not ask you to limited to one plus follow-up. So, if you like to talk more, give us a call. Thank you for joining our call today. Thanks Brandy.
Operator: This concludes today’s International Paper’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faraci – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tim Nicholls – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Cleves – Vice President of Investor Relations Carol Roberts – Senior Vice President Industrial Packaging Wayne Brafford – Senior Vice President Printing and Communications Papers Tom Kadien
Analysts: Gail Glazerman – UBS Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Securities Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Claudia Shank Hueston – JP Morgan George Staphos – Band of America/Merrill Lynch Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee & Leach Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research
Operator: Welcome everyone to the EDS International Paper Third Quarter 2009 Earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President Investor Relations. 
Tom Cleves:  Our speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We'll also present certain non U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures the U.S. GAAP measures is available on our website. The website also contains copies of the third quarter 2009 earnings press release and today's presentation slide.  Now I'll turn the call over to John Faraci.
John Faraci:  Today, as our usual practice, in the next 20 or 30 minutes Tim and I are going to review our third quarter results with you and the performance of our individual businesses, and we'll also talk about our outlook for business ahead in the coming quarters.  Once again for the third consecutive quarter International Paper delivered solid results during a quarter that's still very challenging market conditions, especially in North America. Despite the continuation of those weak economic conditions though we demonstrated we can continue to perform well in a tough economic environment. While demand was essentially flat and here I'm talking North America, we expanded our margins and it generated strong free cash flow which we used to accelerate our debt reduction efforts. And we reduced debt significantly during the quarter, which we will touch on later. We increased our earnings in $0.20 a share in second quarter to $0.37 a share in third quarter. And for the first nine months I think what we would all say in a tremendously challenging year we increased our EBITDA margins over 2008 levels and generated nearly $1.3 billion of free cash flow. To these strong results, along with the addition of alternative fuel and extra tax credits, which were not included in numbers I just referred to, enabled us to double the pace of our debt reduction during the third quarter. Our operations continued to run very well and we continue to make strong progress in taking cost out in getting those results of those cost reductions to the bottom line. So slide five, if you're following the slides, contains the third quarter summary. Sales were up slightly from second quarter levels to $5.9 billion but down sharply from the third quarter of last year, which included six weeks of Weyerhaeuser packaging volume. EBITDA increased 13% from $729 million in the second quarter to $822 million in the third quarter and EBITDA margins expanded by 80 basis points.  Free cash flow held healthy at $600 million, again before alternative fuel credits, and $1.3 billion of debt repayment occurred during the quarter while we maintained a $1.7 billion cash balance. What we feel very good about is through the first nine months of 2009 we generated $1.7 billion of free cash flow, again before fuel credits, which is more than all of 2008.  So going back to EBITDA in slide six, despite industry demand remains well below 2008 again mostly in North America. We've continued to expand EBITDA margins in our operating businesses. Our year-to-date EBITDA margins are 12.1%, which is 150 basis points higher than our 2008 EBITDA margins. And if we set aside margins in Xpedx, our distribution business, our EBITDA margins improved 160 basis points to 16.4%. This improvement is basically driven by our ongoing restructuring and overhead cost reduction efforts and our success in systematic improvement to drive manufacturing efficiencies not only across our mill businesses globally, but all of our converting operations as well. So turning to cash flow, we're generating strong free cash flow and that remains one of our top priorities. And despite the continuing challenging economic conditions, our operations generated over $700 million in cash during the third quarter, in addition to the cash received from the alternative fuel mixture credits. We continue to manage our working capital and to limit capital spending while spending capital on things that we need to maintain our facilities and all of this resulted in our consecutive quarter of cash flow of nearly $1.3 billion. And it was this strong free cash flow that allowed us to make significant progress on debt reduction.  Slide eight shows our continued progress on this since we acquired the Weyerhaeuser packaging assets in August of last year. In the third quarter we reduced debt by an increment of $1.3 billion. Since we've completed the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser packaging business, we've reduced our debt by $3.1 billion. We remain committed to further strengthening our balance sheet and will continue aggressive debt repayment in the near-term. Matching our production to our customer's immediate needs remains the foundation of our strategy in our paper and packaging business here in North America. During the third quarter, we took more than 500,000 tons of lack of order downtime in the North America, which was in addition almost 100,000 tons of maintenance downtime. We also took more than 520,000 tons of downtime in our North American container board system, which is about 18% of our total capacity. We took 72,000 tons of downtime in our North American uncoated free sheet system or approximately 10% of our total capacity. We took 51,000 tons of total downtime in our North America coated paperboard system or rightly 11% of our capacity.  While our downtime in the third quarter was less than it had been in the second quarter by about 300,000 tons, domestic demand remained relatively flat. The increased paper and packaging export shipments really are the drivers of the reduction in downtime. What is significant on that front is the container board export shipments have returned to levels stronger than we've seen in seven years. That I think is significant going forward and speaks to what's going on in terms of global demand. We continue to take significant amounts of lack of order downtime to manage our inventories and manage our margins because the cumulative cost of downtime is far less than a negative impact of chasing volume or building unneeded inventories, which don't sell just because prices are different. We will continue to manage our production and meet our customer's immediate needs.  Since we're talking about lack of order downtime, I'd like to comment on last week's announcement concerning our permanent capacity closures. We had demand in 2009 contracted far deeper and has lasted far longer than we thought it would. Given the severe declines our view is demand will come back, but it won't be all at once.  And we know now that we've been running our system, especially the new industrial packaging system, that we can produce more volume with our existing mill footprint. And as a result we've made tough decisions to permanently close three facilities in North America. We certainly recognize closing these facilities creates significant hardships for our employees in the surrounding communities, especially where we've been for a long time a big factor in the local community and we are providing severance and other assistance to our employees.  We'll shift manufacturing from Franklin, Virginia to our printing paper mills and two industrial packaging mills, Pineville and Albany, to our remaining facilities and feel confident we cannot only service our customers existing needs and demands, but also their future needs. And reducing our manufacturing footprint will allow us to take out a $170 million in fixed cost over time.  Before I give you an overview of third quarter earnings and turn the call over to Tim, let me also make another point about manufacturing and producing cost. This slide here shows our headcount over the last several years, and over the last several years we've had an aggressive systematic initiative throughout International Paper, not only in North America, but on a global basis to reduce headcount which is about 20% of our cost structure. All in since we began taking actions and really transform International paper our global headcount is down almost 30%, and this graph on slide 12 shows our progress in reducing the number of employees that we have in International paper. Relative to the end of the second quarter we've reduced total number of employees by about 8,000 representing a 12% reduction in 12 months. We've already achieved our year end goal of 58,000 employees and we'll continue to improve on this metric during the fourth quarter. Slide 11 provides detail on our third quarter earnings. This is the usual waterfall chart we show you every quarter. Earnings per share before special items were $0.37 a share in the third quarter, that's on the far right, compared to $0.20 a share in the second quarter, on the far left.  Increase volumes, which as I said, was primarily due to exports added $0.09 a share which is offset by $0.12 a share of lower selling prices. Input and operating costs were $0.06 favorable and were offset by some mix erosion again, reflecting the impact at the increased exports which had lower margins. Lower maintenance adage expense, which we talked about in our second quarter call, increased earnings by $0.11. And a significant improvement in our llim equity earnings increased third quarter earnings by $0.07, and I'll just remind you that llim is reporting on a one quarter lag so what you're seeing there is their second quarter results.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Tim for discussion on each of the businesses and we'll come back and talk about the outlook later on.
Tim Nicholls:  I will take you through segment performance today and I guess I'd make a summary statement up front saying for the environment that we're in we had really solid performance across all the business segments in the third quarter. Starting with industrial packaging, we earned $214 million in the quarter and volume was higher, as John mentioned, primarily as a result of the higher export shipments, which added about $12 million. On the pricing front, containerboard prices were flat in the quarter, but the third quarter average was a little bit less than the second quarter average. What we saw was box pricing decreasing by $33 a ton as box price caught up to previously announced liner board reductions. And just to put it in perspective, from the peak average box price is down about $70 or about 8%.  So lower box prices accounted for the majority of the $74 million decline in price. Then we had a higher input cost primarily around OCC, which reduced earnings by $9 million. And then as we mentioned at the end of the second quarter, lower mill outages which added $42 million in earnings. 
 : We turn to printing papers, printing papers overall increased earnings from $86 million in the second quarter to $138 million in the third. Increased volumes again driven by export shipments reduced lack of order downtime, and that improved earnings by $27 million but reduced mix cost is 29, and I'll put a little bit more color on that on the next slide. We also benefited from a lower input cost and improved operations, and across all of our printing papers businesses, the regional business in North America, Europe, and Brazil, we showed improvement.  So if you go to the next slide, I'd just like to break it down by region for you and breakout pulp. In North America, the printing papers business improved earnings by $31 million, basically on lower input cost and reduce lack of order. And we expanded our EBITDA margins by more than 300 basis points by 19.8%. The pulp business, earnings deteriorated by $4 million but that was really the result of a $9 million negative hit based on increased export roll pulp sales. And it hurt our pulp business but it benefited our coated paperboard earnings by $9 million by reducing lack of order downtime. So if you exclude that charge around market pulp, we actually showed an increase of $5 million in the quarter basically reflecting the impact of increased selling prices. European papers earnings increased by $12 million, and again saw improvements in volume price, input cost, and operating cost, and Brazil's earnings increased by $13 million. We did see some reduction in prices but it was offset by improved volumes and lower operating cost.  Consumer packaging also posted a good result in the third quarter. Earnings were up from $38 million in the second quarter to $68 million in the third, and we saw some small signs of demand recovery reflected in the higher shipments and that improved earnings by $8 million.  That was mostly offset by lower selling prices, but again to put it context for you, selling prices in the third quarter of this year are still $31 a ton higher than they were in the third quarter of 2008. And then favorable input and operating costs improved earnings by combined $13 million, and lower maintenance outages added $19 million.  Turning to distribution, Xpedx earnings increased to $21 million driven by improving business process improvements and also operating costs reductions, and the Xpedx team has been very aggressive throughout the year of trying to take costs out and right size their cost structure. We did see shipment volumes improved and improved across all of the segments.  The printing segment was up 9%, packaging was up 9%, and facility supplies were up 2%. The volume gains were partially offset by reduced selling prices, particularly for coated paper. So as a result sales revenue per day improved in the quarter but was up smaller. It was up 3% in August versus July, and 5% in September over August. And we continue to win with new business at Xpedx as well, including new paper volume that we picked up with AT&T and with Roche Pharmaceuticals.  Let me turn to the international operations now. Slide 18 provides a summary of llim second quarter results. As John mentioned, we think we bottomed there in the first quarter and started seeing some improvement in the second. You'll recall that we report on a one quarter lag basis so we're looking at their second quarter results. IP share of llim second quarter earnings improved by $30 million.  We saw sales of the joint venture increase by 5% reflecting the beginning of the recovery and pulp shipments and prices in China and Russia. Pulp shipments improved by 3% and prices decreased by $5 a ton. Containerboard shipments increased by 7% while prices continued to decline in the second quarter by $26 a ton.  And I like to also take you back to something we mentioned on our second quarter call. During that call we talked about the joint venture structure agreement that allowed each partner the right to reassess ongoing participation in the joint venture at any point in time after October of this year. And that we and our partners were discussing potential revisions to the original agreement, including the scope and timeline for our capital investment program.  At the present time, the partners remain interested in continuing the structure and discussions continue about a revised partnership agreement, and we expect that there will be such a revision sometime in early 2010.  Now I'll turn to Asia, and we're highlighting Asia here because we think we've hit a significant milestone in our Asian business. In the quarter we hit a run rate that would put us over $1 billion in sales revenue on an annual basis. And we generally report those results in the respective business products segments, so you don't always get a view of what's happening in the Asian businesses. Our Sun joint venture, which now is the largest producer of coated paperboard in China, and we have the new machine fully ramped at this point and all of those sales are going to customers in China. We're also recording significant organic growth in consumer packaging, our converting businesses for Shorewood and Foodservice, and we now have 12 corrugated packaging plants in Asia.  The final piece of the business is our distribution business, which markets among some other things, uncoated free sheet from our U.S. and Brazilian mills in the Asian region, and also pulp and packaging grade. So our Asian operations are starting to build a critical mass that we think is going to be important to sales growth and earnings growth in International Paper going forward.  And on Slide 21 I'll just share a couple of numbers with you. In the third quarter, as I mentioned, we passed a run rate of more than $1.1 billion for sales in Asia, that's 70% higher than our 2007 sales revenue. And during the quarter we also achieved an earnings run rate that was $62 million higher than 2008 earnings.  So let me finish up with Brazil on Slide 22. In the quarter of sales revenue at the Brazilian operations increased by 28% to $275 million, again reflecting here the full ramp up of the operations at the new uncoated free sheet paper machine in [inaudible]. Earnings increased by $13 million, as I mentioned, to $36 million, and domestic and export shipments increased in the quarter over second quarter levels. But we did see some slippage in selling prices a little bit in Brazil, and we saw prices in the export markets come down by $48 a ton.  Looking at EBITDA margins, we think that even though the margins have been impacted by lower prices than a higher mix of export shipments, we expect those margins to recover as export prices improve, and also as demand for the product in the region grows and we start shifting a greater mix of our production back into the region. So that's the segment overview.  I'll turn it back over to John for summary and wrap-up.
John Faraci: So just let me sum up for a minute. I think we posted solid results in the third quarter despite very challenging and difficult economic conditions, principally in North America. We continue to match our production to our customers needs to avoid tying up working capital and unneeded inventories that only put pressure on pricing. Volumes stabilized and as we exited the third quarter, we began to see some improvement, most noticeable in our Xpedx distribution business, which is a very short cycle business.  We expanded our margins and generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow, which we used to reduce long-term debt by just about an equal amount of $1.3 billion. In the year since we've acquired Weyerhaeuser, Weyerhaeuser's packaging assets, we've reduced our debt by $3.1 billion or more than 50% of the total acquisition debt. Before I talk about the fourth quarter outlook, I'm just going to take a minute to make a couple comments on two items that many investors have asked about so I thought we'd just cover it now rather than wait for a question, and that's on the biomass crop assistance program and cellulolytic ethanol tax credits. Both are things that have been talked about a replacing these black liquor steel credits and let me just comment on each of those and share with you our perspective. First, on the biomass crop assistance program, like many others we're trying to understand what that program is all about. But we really need written regulations from the authors of that program to understand what it's about more clearly. These regulations are expected to be issued in the near future. So I think at this point in time it's wait and see.  We believe these regulations should provide a narrow definition of biomass, so they don't disturb the market for wood. We've not lobbied for the program, but we feel it's important that any legislation or subsidy ensures a level playing field for the pulp and paper industry.  We do encourage the implementation of Phase II of the program, which would promote the increase in the supply of biomass crops. So there should be, and it's a good thing to have incentives that incent people to grow more fiber. With respect to the cellulolytic ethanol tax credits, we do not believe that the pulp and paper producers qualify for these tax credits and International Paper will not pursue these tax credits. So, let me just shift gears now and make a couple comments about the fourth quarter and then we'll open up for your questions. In the fourth quarter, we anticipate only a very modest recovery in economic conditions in North America, principally given the seasonality of our business and the fragility of whatever recovery we're beginning to see in North America and all you have to do is pick up the newspaper, in fact this morning, to see how fragile that recovery which many believe is occurring, really is. With respect to volumes, we expect seasonal decreases in North America paper and packaging demand and stable to modestly increasing demand in other global markets where we participate. Looking at prices, we expect stable paper prices, improving pulp prices and we expect box prices to adjust down reflecting the impact of the already published containerboard price decrease, and we expect stable North American coated paperboard prices. Maintenance outages in the fourth quarter will increase by $31 million in North America and decline by $10 million in Europe. On the input cost side, we expect costs for natural gas to increase. They've moved up from their low point, which occurred early in the third quarter. And more or less we expect other energy costs to remain about flat. Wood costs are going to increase given the wet weather we have in the South and the low inventories. OCC costs have moved up, but we expect them to more or less remain flat as well. And chemical costs remain at about third quarter levels. We expect freight cost to increase somewhat. Xpedx earnings should remain stable, and we expect a modest improvement in our equity earnings from llim. Forest products earnings should remain similar to third quarter levels, not much going on there. We don't expect the pending, we don't expect the 140,000 acre transaction that we talked about I think on the previous conference call to close in the fourth quarter, although the interested parties are continuing their due diligence. So all things considered, we expect fourth quarter earnings to be significantly less than third quarter. And I'd say that's really a seasonal effect of our industry has always had a slow fourth quarter after Thanksgiving demand is really off the table until after January. So going forward, our priorities remain the same. We're going to continue to focus on aggressive cost management and we'll continue to match our production with our customers needs. We've now shifted the focus in industrial packaging from integration of two companies to optimization of a large business, and we think there's a lot of EBITDA and earnings runway in that business. And finally, we'll continue to strengthen our balance sheet by continuing to pay down debt. Our goal on that front remains the same, to reduce debt to less than three times EBITDA over the cycle. And everything we're doing at International Paper is about making International Paper stronger, better and creating more share on our value.  So with that, I'll turn it back over to Tom and then we'll take your questions.
Tom Cleves: Operator, we are ready for our first question, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Gail Glazerman – UBS.
Gail Glazerman – UBS:  John, I just wanted to dig a little bit more into the demand comments you made where year end to the downturn and it doesn't seem like domestically you're seeing much of an uptick. Now obviously you reflected that in your closure announcements, but I'm just wondering if there are any anecdotes or thoughts that you can give and if you can give us any insight into some of the key businesses? You mentioned Xpedx, but any of the businesses kind of what you're seeing in October relative to kind of September and the third quarter average?
John Faraci: Well, Tom Kadien's here and runs our distribution business. I'll let him talk about Xpedx and he can give you some color on what's happening right now across the segments.
Tom Kadien: We're seeing I'd say a seasonal improvement that's typical on the print side. The year-over-year comps are still pretty disappointing. But as Tim said, our print business got better after probably eight months of almost no activity. We saw an improvement in August over July and then September was again better than August.  I guess on the positive side, our packaging business was up also about 8% in Q3 over Q2, and we are seeing some more quote activity on packaging equipment. I still think it's more of a seasonal improvement than any sort of real recovery. And we're I'd say cautious about the fourth quarter because after Thanksgiving, as John said, it's going to slow down again, particularly the print business.
John Faraci: Carol, do you want to talk about boxes?
Carol Roberts: Sure, I remain cautiously optimistic on packaging demands. From the second to the third quarter there was an increase in nondurable production, which was a good sign and that translated into industry box shipments. We were down a little bit from second to third, but we have a large agricultural position and while we have a very good ag season in the second quarter, it's just seasonally a bit slower for us.  So it's very hard to tell what the fourth quarter will bring because it's such a strange quarter with three less days and traditionally a fairly slow November and December. But September was our strongest month in the quarter. So as the economy recovers, I am confident that packaging demand will recover along with it. It's just a matter of when and how much.
John Faraci: Wayne, do you want to make a comment about paper in North America?
Wayne Brafford: Yes, we have four segments. I'll just take each of the four. The commercial print side in the third quarter was up about 7% for the whole industry. That confirms what Tom was saying to you. In the converting grades, we did not see a lift in the third quarter. But here in October, direct mail has begun to come alive. We are seeing more and more advertising on the direct mail front, the envelope converters are starting to see some lift, which is a good sign on the advertising front. On the imaging paper side, fairly flat not a whole lot of lift on the cut size and we wouldn't have expected that because that's much more employment related. And employment, as you know, has not seen a whole lot of lift in the country. And I would just add on the pulp side the pulp data came out most of you saw this the surprisingly strong offshore, but again it's mainly China and somewhat Latin America. But pulp inventories continue to fall and another around of increases have been launched for November. 
Gail Glazerman - UBS:  Can you give any update where the pension stands to date and just slightly related on debt I appreciate you're still talking about that three times this is kind of [EV] over the cycle, but you did say the 2009 goal which I think you're pretty much out at the end of the third quarter. I'm wondering if you have any type of update in terms of your term debt.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Well the pension we've seen really good returns I mean you can look at the returns in the marketplace and our pension fund has enjoyed a lot of those returns. And if you were measuring it at the end of September, we would have seen double-digit returns in pension and assets but interest rates stepped down. So from a funding standpoint if we were marking it at the end of the third quarter we'd be roughly in line from a funded standpoint as we were at the beginning of the year. And you rightly mentioned that when we look at debt we look at not only balance sheet debt, but we look at debt like obligations which would include pensions.  So while we said that we thought we would be around $9.5 billion of balance sheet debt at the end of the year and we're very close to that now, the focus is still on paying down all debt and debt like and you could see us continue to pay down balance sheet debt maybe make a voluntarily pension contribution or do a combination of the two. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities:  First question is just involving kind of capital as we move into next year wondered if you could give us some guidance on where you think capital spending may end up for the full year and also just update us on your thinking on that option you've got out of another machine out of Brazil.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Do you want to talk about capital and I'll talk about Brazil?
Unidentified Corporate Participant:   For capital this year it looks like we had a target to be around $600 million I think we'll be somewhere between $500 million and $600 million. We've actually found as we've gone through the year that we've been able to do the projects that we had slated for this year more cost effectively than we thought when we were putting the plan together last year. We haven't finalized our capital plans for next year just yet. We would probably have a slight increase I don't know exactly how it's going to be, but it might be $100 million, $200 million higher because we've got a whole backlog of really good cost reduction projects that had extremely high returns. So we want to see primarily our mill assets, but there is a little bit on the converting side with mill assets continue investing in cost competitiveness.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: As we've said before, I think investors ought to continue to think about International Paper spending about $1 billion on average over the cycle and capital some years will be a lot less like this year. Some years it will be slightly more but $1 billion a year which is about 65% to 70% depreciation over the cycle. And the comment Tim made about getting more work done, we didn't have inflated cost and what's happening is with the economic recession and deflation materials are coming down in price and we're doing all our construction activities and capital work on straight time because we don't need to get the jobs done quickly and saves us a lot of money on labor and installation. And you're seeing this across all of heavy industry. If you talk to people in the chemicals business they'd be saying the same thing.  On Brazil, we don't have to make that decision until sometime in the first quarter and we do have options and we'll see what our outlook is at that point in time for future capacity. The machine we have we're pleased with. We're selling out the volume. A lot is going in export markets, which I think has hit the bottom. The Brazilian currency isn't helping us right now but we're going to be in global businesses so we're going to have currency moving in all sorts of directions and we'll be making a decision not for the short-term, but for the medium to long-term about what the right thing to do is. 
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: John, just one other thing on capital. One of your competitors is talking about a couple of large energy related projects and they're pointing to very large returns. Do you have any of those types of projects out there? If you do, can you give us a sense of how much they might aggregate to?
John Faraci: Well in fact our projects, I think the one you're referring to is in the 15%, 20%, 25% range our projects we're looking at are in the 40% to 50% range. They're not $200 million per project they're $5 million, $10 million, $15 million and they're energy consumption reduction projects, or wood fiber consumption reduction projects or chemical consumption reduction projects. They're not big $100 million projects, which is good because we can more of them done then.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just one other question, Tim can you just give us some thoughts on that cash balance that you're carrying right now and whether we're likely to see that continue.
Tim Nicholls:  You broke up a little bit could you repeat the question please?
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: The question really is just that almost $1.7 billion in cash that you're carrying and whether we should expect to see you carry large cash balance over the next few quarters.
Tim Nicholls:  I don't expect that we'll carry balances that like that going forward. Will we carry a little more than we have historically carried? Yes, because we're still managing in a slightly conservative fashion, but the goal again is to continue reducing debt. So we're not trying to build large cash balances we're trying to take out debt where we can.
John Faraci: Mark, just to go back to capital I think the other thing that investors should think about it's different for International Paper I think from many of our competitors is we're going to continue to benefit from the portfolio choices we made and the balance that International Paper has around the world. So as Tim was talking about around Asia, we've got investment opportunities in growing parts of the world which will offset lower growth that we're going to see in North America and Europe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs:  John, can you talk about the containerboard operations specifically you mentioned in the end of the second quarter that you had achieved the synergies that you had targeted. Can you talk about what additional opportunities lie ahead for you there? You talked about the capacity shuts that are coming but can you elaborate a little bit more on the potential opportunities in container board?
John Faraci:  I'm sitting right next to the leader of the containerboard business so I think I'll let her talk about those since she's right on top of it. 
Carol Roberts:  This is Carol. We remain excited about the opportunity to improve the industrial packaging business. As we said our goal on synergies when we started was the 440 million and we've achieved in the 500 million range already. So we're what I would say is beyond integration and we're onto optimization. And as I shared previously and I'm looking at my colleagues here, we had shared conservatively an opportunity to create another 300 million of just sheer improvement inside the business. That's going to come from a number of areas. On one of the big areas John had already mentioned is in the mill system. While we have a very good mill system and a low cost mill system we have an opportunity to make it even better. There's energy projects particularly in the Weyerhaeuser system, there's a chemical and fiber usage. These are a lot of usage projects. We've also got with the tough decision we made this past week with our footprint decision that's clearly going to help us next year. In converting, we haven't talked about a major converting transformation but we have made a huge improvement in cost position in our converting plan. Our focus has been on labor usage per unit of production, and we've had an over 40% improvement in that metric. And that's just more productivity through few machines with less people and so that's a big opportunity for us and we're going to continue there. And then we're going to keep working on the total overall headcount that's another opportunity for us. So we have opportunities across the system to make it stronger and better, and we're going to keep pushing at all those levers and we're not out of room to continue to make it better.
John Faraci: Rick, what I think about that we have a business that in the last 15 months we've been 100% focused on putting the two businesses together. It's now an $8 billion business more than double what it was before and we've got a huge number of optimization opportunities, which we haven't been thinking about because we've been working on integration. So think about we had six mills now we've got 15 we're going to have two fewer with the two shutdown decisions we've made, and we went from 60 plus plants to over 100. The optimization opportunities there are huge and that what's we're turning our attention to now. 
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs:  Shifting to llim just one other question, what was the key driver of the magnitude of the improvement there because it doesn't look like it was really driven by price and pulp prices have improved pretty significantly. Should we expect that you're going to see another meaningful improvement in the llim business in the next quarter? 
John Faraci: You have to get a significant amount of cost of llim, Rick, as you're right not showing up in price. Remember llim's up one quarter lag so the sharp run up in pulp prices is really all occurred in the last three to four months, Wayne? So that's ahead for llim but they made huge progress on their cost structure and accelerated plans that we had in place to improve the cost structure but that's what enabling them to show better margins even before prices rebounded. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: I had a question regarding sort of the cash. You showed on the slide, this is more for Tim, the benefits of the black liquor program of actually adding up to about $1.15 billion if you take the $688 million in the second and $463 million in the third, and yet I know you've accrued pre-tax of $1.5 billion and after-tax less than $1 billion.  So I guess my real question is, is there some associated tax payment that you have not made that you anticipate making either in the fourth quarter or next year tied to black liquor or could you explain sort of the numbers in the accruals you're taking. 
Tim Nicholls: You're absolutely right, Chip. I mean our thinking at the moment is that we'll use some of the credit in the fourth quarter to offset whatever income tax liability we would have for the benefit of the fuel credits for the year. 
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: So the way to think about it is that you're basically going to end up not paying really these taxes and that you'll get a refund next year? Or not a refund but you just won't have to pay the taxes.
Tim Nicholls: Right. On a cash tax basis what we will do is try to forego receiving the cash for the portion of fuel credits that we need to offset whatever cash tax liability we would have. 
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Just back to the B-cap program and I appreciate the update on your view. I know it would be nice to have the taxpayers pay like 75% of cost of goods sold to make pulp, but then you would have to negotiate with Congress for your bonuses, so I can understand the black liquor too comment totally. But on the B-Cap, I guess the big concern aside from the rules, is any thought as to how much money would actually be put into this because I understand it was pretty light this year, $25 million. What sort of a realistic range that you hear about in Washington for the future? 
John Faraci:  Yes, I'm not trying to listen to all the realistic ranges because I don't think there are any until we see the detailed regulations. What I'm hoping is that this is, if there is an incentive program, that it's aimed at incremental fiber residues which aren't currently being used. In some parts of this country that's a lot, in some parts it's a little.  So I mean at the end of the day that would drive the value if it's driven toward incremental as far as residues that aren't being used. And I have given no thought to the size of this. We're waiting to see what the regulations are going to look like. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan.
Claudia Shank Hueston – JP Morgan: I was hoping you could comment just a little bit on where you're inventories stand and then importantly, if you've got any color on where customer inventories are right now, particularly in the printing paper business, that would be great. 
John Faraci: Our inventories are at year-low levels. We're down in all the large businesses in North America, coated paperboard, industrial packaging, and in printing papers our inventories are coming down in Brazil. Europe doesn't come to mind right now.  On the customer side, maybe I'll let Tom comment on that because Xpedx is closer to a lot of customers. It is a customer so they can reflect probably what is going on in the marketplace. 
Tom Cleves: Maybe Wayne can too. Claudia, Xpedx inventories are at probably an 18-month low and I'd say we've gotten our inventories back to the kind of metrics in terms of BIOH to where we were when our business was much bigger say in 2008.  So, I would say at least in the merchant channel the inventories are low and many of our competitors frankly don't have the cash to have in their inventory anyway. So, I don't think there's much channel inventory in either the merchant channel or out in the printer channel. I would say that's lower than its been in a long, long time. 
Wayne Brafford: I would just add that what Tom just said, I would echo for our merchant partners and I would also say that the data that we have around the converter group, which is not as robust, but the data we have would suggest those pipelines are pretty lean as well. In the cut size world inventories are pretty much not there. So our view is the pipeline is fairly empty and is running pretty much in and out. 
John Faraci: Which is all good news for any pickup of demand, we're going to see right away because in the segments we're really significant in, bleach board, uncoated free sheet, and containerboard, inventories are in very good shape. 
Claudia Shank Hueston – JP Morgan: Could you just remind me what your energy hedging position is, that would be great.
Tim Nicholls: We're close to 50% hedged for this year and a little bit less than that going into next year. I think you know we don't really take a point of view on where energy prices are going and just to try to smooth volatility.
Operator:  Your next question comes from George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  The first question I had was back to Brazil. Obviously it's been a tougher year this year, although there's been of a rebound sequentially next year, there's reason cyclically why you should see perhaps better industry demand. John, At this juncture do you think it will be a tight enough market next year where you could overall improve returns and margins back to where you'd like them to be? 
John Faraci: A lot of that, George as you know, is currency related. Every time the real gets stronger our margins are under pressure and we write up the value of the asset, and I guess we've concluded we are lousy currency forecasters.  We're seeing demand in the Brazilian market grow. Now I think year-over-year it's about flat, but in the third quarter demand in Brazil grew. That's the most important market for us and we're going to see growth in the region, which is the second most important market for us. So our strategy is more than a Brazilian strategy, it's a Latin American strategy that's focused in Brazil because that's a low cost place to produce and it's the biggest market. 
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: Switching to Asia, could you remind us what kind of return on capital you're getting in that business right now and in the region overall? Given the progress that you've seen, could there be some investment in capacity in Asia in 2010 or would that be too soon to see that kind of priority show up?
John Faraci: What we've got in the business model in Asia in terms of making returns is a little different in North America. In North America you've got capital turnover of one and to get decent returns you got to have EBITDA margins in the 15% to 20% range.  In Asia, you got capital returns that are two and three times on paper mill type assets and so the margins are a lot of lower, but we're getting double-digit returns out of Sun because you've only got what $170 million, that's our half. So $340 million invested for close to 900,000 tons of new capacity and you just can't do that in North America. 
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: I guess if you could and this is probably available somewhere, but what amount of capital do you have in total tied up in Asia right now?
John Faraci: Can we get back to you on that? The biggest piece is in the Sun JV, which is about $170. 
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: Last question, Carol, what kind of timing do you think we should think about related to the incremental benefits we should see from optimizing industrial packaging over the next several years. Obviously it's not going to go show up all in 2010 or maybe it will, but help us think about what the right rate of progress should be there. 
John Faraci: The capital in Asia is about $400 million in total. 
Carol Roberts:  George, I'm going to put myself out on a limb and hopefully not take us all with me, but I would think that improvement should be in our run rate by the end of next year.
George Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So ratably improving and all in by fourth quarter, would that be fair?
Carol Roberts: That's my expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee & Leach. 
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Just two things. John, your consumer packaging numbers I think are the best we've ever seen, better than 2006 in Q3. That's a business that's been very hard for us to see the end game. How excited should we be about this pickup? I guess I'm really asking how excited are you about the pickup? 
John Faraci: We're pleased. Remember, we had no maintenance outages in the quarter so that was a contributing factor, but that's not all the contributing factor. Shorewood's results were better, bleached board results were better, food service probably wasn't better during the quarter but is going to have a strong year, and we're getting some benefit in the pulp business there because we're taking less downtime. So the consumer packaging business is not the biggest leg of the company but it's an important leg of the company. We like the bleached board business. We've been struggling with Shorewood but we've got a plan now to make that business profitable on the current revenue base and it's improving year-over-year.  So we've still got, we had two facilities. We only have three facilities in bleached board. We had two of them that weren't running well and now we've got one of them that's not running well, so we've got more internal improvement opportunities in consumer packaging even with no changes in demand. And as you recall, we fixed a lot of the commercial decisions that were holding that business back to 2008. 
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee & Leach: So relatively speaking, you sound reasonably bullish versus some previous comments about the outlook for this. Is that fair?
John Faraci: I don't think we were ever bearish on consumer packaging. We said we had some operating problems at Riegelwood and Augusta. We solved Riegelwood, we're working on Augusta. We've got big bleached board business in Asia. We're the largest bleached board producer in Asia. And we've got a significant bleached board business in both Poland and Russia. So we're probably the only bleached board player with a global footprint. The numbers don't come together all that way when you talk about businesses, but we like the business. 
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee & Leach: John, you're slide about the strategic importance of Asia was helpful too. Moving past George's question about Sun, it seems to me that you've still got a lot of runway with your existing investment across the world to grow into Asia before you need to put a lot of additional investment on the ground there. If you think about the Asian opportunity across all the businesses that you listed on the slide, is that a fair characterization? 
John Faraci: We're tapped out at Sun, so [inaudible] on Sun would be more we'd have to put some more hardware on the ground or go invest in some things. We've been adding small capital amounts, $10 million, so we haven't been talking about them a lot. We've been adding box plants about two a year. We're now moving some corrugators that are available from North America over to Asia so we can make those box plants corrugating plants because the volume is growing. We started up a Shorewood plant last year so we've got significant amount of organic growth opportunity there because it's not full yet. And we're adding another press in South Korea, another Shorewood facility because the first two presses are sold out. So you're right in the sense that when you're growing a business, you're really never full on a revenue spot because the revenue is growing at 15% to 20% a year, you're trying to keep capacity available ahead of your customer demand so they don't go somewhere else.  So we're pretty excited about what we see in the packaging side. Paper's a little more complicated because we haven't found an opportunity yet that we're convinced makes money. And obviously at llim, we like sitting right across the Chinese border with low cost soft wood pulp, and it was tough in the first quarter but that market's come back.
Operator: Your final question comes from Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: First, a big picture question for you, John. Obviously during this down cycle you've done a tremendous job with proactive supply management matching supply to demand, etc., and it really seems to have paid dividends.  If we look back to the last up cycle, you did okay the industry did okay, but it certainly didn't do nearly as well as a number of other industries, steel, copper, what have you. Hopefully, we're now getting close to that point in time where we're going to be thinking about behavior during an up cycle. Do you think there's anything that you need to be doing differently when the up cycle comes than you did in the past? 
John Faraci: That's a good question. I'm trying to remember the last up cycle. We want to make sure we've got capacity for our customers, and I think one of the pieces of good news is even with this adjustment in the big decisions in North America, we think we've got a lot of volume runway. And if you think about just what's going on in printing paper and Industrial Packaging, we're taking more than our capacity share of downtime. And some of our competitors are running full, which means we've got more volume runway and we don't have a big price decline because prices haven't collapsed, they've drifted and I think that's really important. We've also got no inventory hangover to work off. So I think the industry is in a much better position now and International Paper is in a much better position as demand comes back, and I believe it will. It's a question of when and how fast to capitalize on that. 
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Just a question on the fourth quarter outlook. It's pretty interesting to see your stock react when you said significantly less than third quarter. And one thing is if I look at the slide on 25, I see I think it's six reds and five greens and normally that would suggest, yes, that's going to be lower but not necessarily dramatically lower. Can you give us a little bit more color on when you say significantly less what you mean by that?
John Faraci: We don't give guidance, Mark, and it all depends on the colors of the red and green. It could be dark red and light green, and the size of the businesses. We all know that the fourth quarter is never a great quarter on an annual basis for our industry because it's one of the slowest quarters seasonally.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Let me ask the question a little bit differently. With your third quarter results, do you think that you have some improvements there relative to what your expectations and presumably the market expectations were that are sustainable, or do you think that it was mostly a one-time thing and it comes back undone in the fourth quarter?
John Faraci : No, it's not. The stuff that is going on the cost side are not one-time things. This is really what's happening to demand and the fourth quarter, even in a mid-cycle environment or a top of the cycle environment, the fourth quarter is always significantly lower than the third quarter, and I think if you go back over the last 10 years you'd find that. The seasonality by far and away is the biggest factor in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: I will now return the call to Tom Cleves for final remarks.
Tom Cleves: Thanks everyone who joined our call today. For those of you that have follow-up questions, [Emily Nicks] and I will be available via telephone. Have a great day.
Operator: That does concludes today's EDS International Paper third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Faraci - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tim Nicholls - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Tom Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations Carol Roberts - Senior Vice President - Industrial Packaging Wayne Brafford - Senior Vice President - Printing & Communications Papers
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS  Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research  Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Chip Dillon -Credit Suisse Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Cleves, Investor Relations. Mr. Cleves, you may begin your conference.
Tom Cleves: Thanks, Stephanie. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining International Paper’s second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and our Chief Financial Officer. During this call we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We’ll also present certain non-US GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to US GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains a copy of our second quarter 2009 earnings press release and today’s presentation slides.  Stephanie, before I turn the call over to John, could you please figure out how to mute the other line?
Operator: Yes, sir, that line has been muted.
Tom Cleves: Thank you. I’ll now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. As usual, Tim Nicholls and I are going to first review our second quarter 2009 results with you and the performance of our individual business and then we’ll talk about the third quarter and take your questions. Let me start off and just say International Paper had a solid second quarter. Despite the continuation of challenging economic conditions, we posted better results in the second quarter than in the first quarter. Once again, we demonstrated that we can execute in a tough economic environment, when I speak of executing, I’m referring to a couple of things; cost reduction, cash generation and debt reduction. We increased our earnings by 160% relative to the first quarter, generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow and I think really importantly, increased our EBITDA margins by 180 basis points in the second quarter compared to the first. These strong results allowed us to reduce debt by $600 million during the quarter. Once again, our operations, big and small, all around the world, ran very well, despite a huge amount of down time we are taking in our North America paper and packaging business. We made strong progress all around International Paper, both reducing operating and overhead costs during the quarter. We also had a great quarter in terms of accelerating the integration synergies in our industrial packing business. During the second quarter, which is the third full quarter since we merged Weyerhaeuser Industrial Packing business with ours, we exceeded the three year synergy target. So, we have gotten to year three within nine months. I’ll share more details on that with you in a minute. Slide five contains a second quarter summary for you. Sales were up slightly from first quarter levels to just under $6 billion. EBITDA increased 21% from $604 million in the first quarter to $729 million in the third quarter. Free cash flow increased by 90% from $666 million to $1.3 billion and after $600 million of debt repayment during the quarter, we ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of cash on hand. Tim Nicholls, or CFO, is going to discuss each business in detail; but before he does, I just want to highlight the outstanding performance of our industrial packaging business, which delivered a 22% EBITDA increase over their strong first quarter earnings of this business increased EBITDA from $331 million in the first quarter to $405 million in the second quarter. These excellent results were achieved despite more than 580,000 tons of down time, or 21% of our capacity. Those of you who are on our conference call when we announced the Weyerhaeuser acquisition last year remember that we said we could generate a combined $1.7 million of EBITDA within three years. That is what we said when we bought the business. As slide six shows, our second quarter EBITDA analyzes to $1.6 billion and we have achieved these strong EBITDA results despite industry box shipments that are 10% lower than last year’s levels and taking a huge amount of down time as well. When the economy and box demand recover and they will recover, we are going to be very well positioned to meet or exceed our three-year EBITDA objective ahead of schedule. We’ve got a lot more earnings runway in this business, when volume improves and more improvement within the business to get. So I’m very pleased with the results being generated by our industrial packaging team. It’s a combination of International Paper and Weyerhaeuser. It goes without saying the results are having a big positive impact on IP’s overall performance. Let me now turn the call over to Tim, who will discuss the results of our businesses in more detail.
Tim Nicholls: Thanks, John and good morning, everybody. The waterfall chart on slide seven shows our change in earnings from first quarter to second quarter. In the second quarter from our operating businesses, earnings were $0.20 per share versus $0.08 in the prior quarter. Higher volumes increased earnings by $0.20, which was offset by lower selling prices, which reduced earnings by $0.19. Lower prices for inputs, wood, chemicals, purchased energy increased earnings by $0.12 and cost performance was really exceptional in this environment. Our mills, our converting operations continue to run exceptionally well. We continue to make strong progress on our overhead cost reduction efforts, so strong cost performance added $0.12 to earnings, a really good outcome with the organization focused on cost management across the number of fronts. A higher mix of export shipments reduced earnings by $0.05 and higher planned maintenance outages decreased earnings by $0.06. Slide eight just illustrates one component of that ongoing cost management effort. It shows our headcount and you can see that we have continued to act very quickly to drive out operating costs. Relative to second quarter of last year, we’ve reduced the total number of employees by 8,000. That’s a 12% reduction in 12 months. It was our year end goal to be at 58,000 employees by the end of this year. We are now going to be below that by the end of the year. Slide nine shows the favorable impact of declining input costs in the second quarter. Input cost reductions increased our quarterly earnings by $0.12 a share as I mentioned or $77 million. Reduced costs for wood, OCC added $25 million, lower chemical prices increased earnings by $24 million and energy cost reductions boosted earnings by $23 million, with transportation adding another $5 million. During the second quarter, we continued to match production to our customers needs and as a result, we recorded nearly 700,000 tons of lack of order downtime in North America, which was in addition to almost 200,000 tons of maintenance downtime. We took more than 580,000 tons of downtime in our North American Containerboard system, which is about 21% of total capacity. We took 170,000 tons total downtime in the Uncoated Freesheet system in North America or approximately 23% of total capacity and also took another 110,000 times total downtime in the Coated Paperboard system in North America or about 23% of its capacity. So, we continue to take substantial amounts of lack of order downtime, in order to manage our gross margins and because, the cumulative costs of this downtime is far or less than the negative impact of chasing volume or building unneeded inventories, we will continue to manage our production to meet our customers immediate needs. So, with that let me turn to segment earnings. As John discussed, industrial packaging generated exceptional earnings in the second quarter, increasing earnings by 36% from a $188 million to $255 million. Increased shipment volumes added $76 million, and that was offset by $75 million in price erosion. We did benefit from declining input costs, which increased earnings by $38 million and here again, cost performance made a big difference to earnings, capturing the synergies, strong mill and box operations added $37 million to earnings. Maintenance outage expenses were similar to the first quarter, but a higher mix of open market export sales reduced earnings. The North American box business had a box increase in shipments of 5.8%, which compares favorably to the Fiber Box Association level of 5%. We now believe that through the second quarter, we’ve probably passed the bottom of the downturn in box demand. During the second quarter, domestic containerboard prices stabilized and as I said, our mills and box plants ran very well and earnings also benefited from significant structural cost reduction and the merger synergies. As we exited the quarter, we did see an increase starting for OCC, and we expect that to continue in the third quarter, but overall, inventories are lean, which should help us capitalize on any up-tick in demand. Turning to synergies, during the second quarter, we achieved nearly a $120 million in merger synergies, which contributed strongly to the results and just as a reminder, there were four major categories of synergies that were going to drive the total improvement. One was rationalizing box plants, which we’ve been very aggressive in doing, mix improvements in the box business was the second one. Optimization of mills and logistics, and also a reduction in overhead rounded it out. Using the June synergy rate, we are on track to achieve nearly $500 million in merger synergies. So to put this in perspective, after the first 11 months of combined operations, we’re at an annual synergy run rate of nearly 20% greater than the total we were going to achieve over the first three years of the acquisition. The combination of capacity management and cost performance is driving improved margins. If you turn over to slide 14, you see when we acquired Weyerhaeuser’s Packaging assets, we had a goal of creating the premier North American industrial packaging business with the highest margins and we feel like we’re well on our way to achieving that goal. Our EBITDA margins improved from 17.5% in the first quarter to nearly 21% in the second quarter; and we’re almost double the second quarter 2008 levels, despite more than 20% of total downtime. So our second quarter year-over-year shipments were down more than the industry average and significantly more than some key competitors, but our margins and our profits are up. Our objective is not to maximize volume, but rather to maximize profitability. Moving on to printing papers, the global Printing Paper business earnings declined from $101 million to $86 million, higher shipments and favorable input costs in all global regions were more than offset by lower selling prices in all regions. For the North American Printing Papers business, where earnings declined by $24 million, favorable input costs and improved volumes were offset by lower selling prices and lower margins from increased export shipments. The North American Market Pulp business, where earnings were up $16 million, had strong mill operations, lower input costs and higher shipments that more than offset the lower selling prices. European Papers’ earnings declined by $9 million; improvements in volumes and input costs were offset by higher operating costs and maintenance outage expenses. In Brazil, where earnings increased by $2 million, seasonally higher volumes, strong operating results and favorable input costs were offset by reduced domestic and export selling prices. Consumer Packaging earnings, it increased by $16 million to $38 million for the quarter, our increased shipments improved earnings by $18 million. We had just a small erosion in selling prices and then favorable input costs increased earnings by $6 million, costs were $9 million favorable and mixed improvements increased earnings by $2 million. We did have more planned maintenance outages in the quarter than the prior quarter. For xpedx, earnings increased to $10 million in the quarter. Shipment volumes improved, but the sales revenue remained relatively flat, reflecting the decline in paper selling prices, especially the prices for coated papers, which represent the majority of xpedx’s printing paper sales. Sales revenue per day was flat with the first quarter levels, about 20% lower than second quarter of 2008 levels. xpedx is continuing to focus on reducing operating expense to match it to its current revenue levels. Now let me turn to Ilim. Slide 18 provides the summary of Ilim’s first quarter 2009 results. I’d just remind everyone that, we do report Ilim on a one quarter lag. Sales of the joint venture declined by 27%, reflecting the weak pulp market at the time in China and the weak demand for paper and packaging within Russia. Pulp shipments declined by 1%, and pulp prices dropped by $148 per ton. Containerboard shipments declined by 5%, and selling prices declined by $110 per ton. IP’s share of the joint ventures, earnings declined to a loss of $30 million, $22 million of that equity earnings loss was due to unfavorable foreign exchange losses. We believe that this quarter of performance, their first quarter reported and our second represents the bottom for Ilim, as prices and demand for market pulp have improved during the second quarter calendar year, and the results continue to improve in July. So their second quarter will be part of our third quarter earnings release. In Ilim, we’re approaching the two year anniversary of the joint venture. We’ve been through a great first year, followed by a tough second year, driven by dramatic changes in both the global and Russian economic climates. Because of that, we haven’t had as much progress on the capital investment program that will drive the future earnings growth of the joint venture. We now see the economy and their performance of the business improving, which will allow us to get the joint venture back on track with the investment plan that remains attractive. The original partnership agreement allows each partner the right to reassess their ongoing participation in the joint venture anytime after the second anniversary.  Right now, neither party is interested in changing the ownership structure of the joint venture, but it’s possible that either partner could elect to do so. If the decision to exit the joint venture were made, it would take up to six months or even longer for a transition to occur. So given the current economic conditions and their impact on the joint venture, we and our partners are discussing potential revisions to the original agreement, including a proposed scope and timeline for a revised capital investment program. At the moment, we look forward to continuing in this joint venture, which is in a low cost high demand growth region, especially as business conditions improve. Before I complete the earnings review segment of the presentation this morning, I’d like to just mention a few highlights from some of our international operations. As you know, we completed the construction of our new uncoated freesheet machine in Brazil, and it started up earlier this year, and it’s had a very successful start up. It’s currently running seven months ahead of the production ramp plan. We’re also very pleased with the significant mix improvement on our coated paperboard machine in Svetogorsk. That improvement is worth $12 million on an annualized basis. The mill in Poland continues to perform very well, running extremely well, setting new production records and operating at a high level of machine efficiency. Our coated paperboard shipments through our Sun joint venture were up 75% versus the second quarter of 2008, reflecting the new production on the new paperboard machine, which is targeted for domestic China consumption. So with that, let me turn to cash flow and balance sheet. As we shared with you during the recent Investor Day, maximizing cash flow remains a top priority. Despite the continuing economic recession, our operations generated $700 million in cash during the second quarter, and margin management and strong focus on working capital are contributing strongly to the cash flow generation. The result was nearly $1.3 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. Even excluding the cash from the alternative fuel tax credits, our free cash flow is the second highest free cash flow in the last six quarters. Strong free cash flow has allowed us to make significant progress on debt reduction as John mentioned. Slide 21 shows you, where we are through the end of July. By the end of the first quarter we reduced our debt by $1.2 billion, and in the second quarter we reduced debt by another $600 million. By the end of this month, we will have reduced debt by another $600 million. So in the 12 months, since we completed the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s packaging assets, we have reduced our pro forma debt by $2.4 billion. In doing that, we’ve already surpassed our target for debt reduction of $2 billion within the first 24 months, and continue to be strongly committed to further strengthening the balance sheet, and we’re now projecting that by the end of this year, we will have reduced our debt by around $3.2 billion or more than half of the acquisition debt. Slide 22 shows our debt maturities through 2012. In July, we reduced 2011 debt maturities by $280 million and in 2012 by $200 million. As of today, we have sufficient cash on hand to meet the $1 billion of cumulative debt maturities through 2012. So, with that I’m going to turn it back over to John, who will summarize second quarter and give you an outlook for the third quarter.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tim. So, in summary, despite continued strong economic headwinds, we posted solid results in the second quarter. We continue to match our production to our customers needs to avoid tying up working capital and unneeded inventories, that would only put pressure on pricing. We ran our operations very efficiently and generated nearly $120 million in integration synergies in our industrial packaging business. We generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow, which contributed to our ability to reduce debt by $600 million in the second quarter and, as Tim said another $600 million just in the month of July. In other words, we have reduced our debt by $1.8 billion for the first seven months of 2009. Since we closed the Weyerhaeuser acquisition, we have reduced debt by $2.4 billion, as Tim said and are going to we plan to have more than 50% of the acquisition debt paid off by the end of the year. So, let’s look ahead to the third quarter. We anticipate that we’ll continue to face challenging conditions in North America. I’m on slide 24 here, which gives you a snapshot how we see volume pricing, maintenance outages and input costs for all of our businesses, North America, Europe, Brazil, Russia and Asia. We expect a slow recovery in North American demand. This recession’s going to end. How it’s going to end and when it’s going to end is yet unclear. The good news is mill and channel inventories are lean in both paper and containerboard, which positions us well for the eventual upturn in demand. Looking at volume, we anticipate demand for printing papers in North America and global market pulp to be similar to second quarter levels, and we expect paper shipments from our Brazilian business to increase. We expect North American demand for containerboard and boxes to increase and we expect higher export shipments of containerboard. Those increases in North America are going to be very, very modest. We also expect increased shipments of our paperboard business in our Sun joint venture. The domestic economy in China is quite strong, as you’ve all read about. In fact our shipments in second quarter of folding box coordination were double than they were same quarter last year. Now looking at pricing, we expect global prices for uncoated free sheet to remain at end of second quarter levels; and global pulp prices continue to increase, although from very, very low levels, given what’s happened over the last nine months to pulp prices. We expect North American containerboard prices to remain stable at second quarter levels.  The Box prices will decline, reflecting the impact of containerboard price decreases, which occurred in the second quarter. We expect steady North American coated paperboard prices. Planned outages are going to decrease by about $16 million. We expect in North America input costs to increase, and that’s principally going to be through OCC. OCC prices bottomed in the second quarter and actually moved up slightly in the second quarter from where they from the first quarter average. We probably have gotten more input cost relief over the first nine months than we are going to get over the next nine months. Finally, we expect a significant improvement in equity earnings from our Ilim joint venture, which as Tim said, remember that is reported in our one quarter lag; and as pulp volume and pulp prices improve, so will Ilim’s earnings. In our second quarter outlook, we have said that we expected the land sales from American Timberlands to close in the third quarter. American Timberlands investors are progressing with their due diligence, but it’s taking longer. So, we no longer expect this transaction to close in the third quarter. So, taking that all in and I realize there are a lot of colors on this chart here, and we don’t have, perfect clarity on what’s ahead, we are still in a global recession and we expect third quarter earnings to be about the same as they were in the second quarter. Going forward, our priorities remain the same. We are going to focus on aggressive cost management, we are going to continue to match our production to our customers needs, and finally, we are going to continue to strengthen our sheet by continuing to pay down debt. Our goal remains the same, to reduce total debt to less than three times EBITDA over the cycle. A basically International Paper is getting ready for an improvement in the economy. We don’t see one yet, but one is out there, and we are going to be ready for it with a stronger better company when that happens. So, with that I’ll turn it back over to Tom Cleves, and we’ll go to your questions.
Tom Cleves: Thanks, John. Thank you, Tim. Stephanie, we are ready for our first question, please.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS :  Hi, good morning. I guess just to start; can you give maybe a little bit more color on what you are seeing in demand, maybe talking about what you are seeing in July relative to June?
John Faraci: I’ve got, Wayne Brafford runs our paper business here and Carol Roberts, who runs our packaging business. I’ll let them talk about North America and I’ll fill in on outside North America, just briefly. Wayne.
Wayne Brafford: Well very briefly, as John mentioned earlier, the pulp business has improved. Most of that is related to China. In fact I would say the rest of the world has not improved a whole lot at all, but China is up quite a bit. On the paper side Gail, shipments are solid, solid relative to where they’ve been. We are seeing some dip in the order book and that’s kind of anticipated in July. There is a bit of a seasonal factor there. So, I feel the order levels have lightened up a bit versus June, but again, that’s not unusual for July, but still, it is a lightening.
Carol Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. In U.S. boxes, we had a good strong beginning of July, which was very encouraging, because that’s around a holiday and you could expect people to be down and that’s kind of moderated a little bit towards the second half of the month. So, I would say categorized July as kind of very similar in aggregate to June levels.
John Faraci: It feels like demands going sideways in North America. Tom Kadien, were he say xpedx sales are up, sales greater, just up a little bit. It just feels like more of the same. Asia is solid for us and that’s again, most of our business is for the Chinese domestic economy. Europe is in a slow time of year. So, summer is not a heavy shipment month and our shipments are probably going to be not much changed from where they were in the second quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Carol, can you talk maybe specifically about exports and containerboard? Obviously, the industry data showed a very solid up-tick in June. Is that something that you think can be sustained?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Gail. I mean, the export did show an up-tick and I think there’s lots of reasons for that. I think that once again we saw the bottom on exports earlier when, that supply chain is a little bit longer. So, people have more on the floor. We kept shipping into that pipeline longer when the downturn came and so we are coming out of that. I think there’s some parts of the world that are maybe being opportunistic and taking some orders now because, prices are at a fairly low level, but I feel pretty good about the sustainability of the exports at a pretty decent levels going forward.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and just two more quick questions. The comments on renegotiating the Ilim joint venture and I just want to be clear, is one of the options you’d consider putting more cash in or is that completely off the table?
John Faraci: As Tim said, we are satisfied with the ownership structure the way it is and that joint venture Gail, is meant to be self-funding, as it relates to the capital investment program.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and just one last quick question. The debt reduction target this year is there any sort assumption on fuel credit lasting through December 31 on that or do you give any --?
Tim Nicholls: I mean, we are taking the fuel credits as they come. We have no line of sight on when they might end. So, but we are pretty confident that somewhere around the $9.5 billion level is a realistic target.
John Faraci:  We are going to get there with or without the fuel credits.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Claudia Hueston with JP Morgan.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan : Thanks very much. Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. You talked a little bit about trade flows in containerboard and I just wondered if you could comment on what you are seeing in terms of exports in your other business and if there’s been any real change in imports noticeable in your businesses?
John Faraci: Wayne, do you want to talk about paper?
Wayne Brafford: Yes, just a brief comment. We are exporting paper as John mentioned. Interestingly, overall exports from North America through June reported by AF&PA did not show an increase in exports on Uncoated Freesheet, but we have been successful at exporting paper and interestingly, we are seeing some pricing lift in the export markets, off the American shore markets. I believe that’s related to the fact pulp is moving up and energy is moving up, and a lot of the offshore suppliers of paper are not integrated.
John Faraci: Where we’re doing most of our exporting, Claudia, is out of Brazil. About 58% of Brazil’s production now, with the new machine is for export out of Brazil. That includes the region and also Europe. A little bit into North America.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan : Okay and then on the bleach board side? Has there been much change…
John Faraci: Bleach board is pretty steady. I mean, the way I think about exports is, exports were very strong in 2008. They collapsed in the fourth quarter of 2009 in the beginning and so they have come back. Have they come back to the levels they were at in the beginning of 2008? They haven’t, but they’re significantly better than they were.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan : Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
John Faraci: Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning and congratulations on a really solid result, John. I think the impact of that Weyerhaeuser transaction, both for you and for the industry has been more powerful than most of us on the outside assumed.  I wonder, if we can talk about those comments you made about China, and try to tie them together with the strength that we’re seeing in Chinese purchases of pulp? Do you have a view, based on what you see at Sun and elsewhere in China, of how much of those increased pulp purchases may be just ending up in inventory? And how much of it may reflect to kind of just strong internal demand China?
John Faraci: I think, we’re in the pulp business in China in a lot of ways, Mark. Ilim exports pulp to China, we have a distribution company that sells pulp in China, some of it from, not produced by International Paper, and then we also buy pulp through Sun. You know, frankly, so I think we can triangulate this pretty well. I mean there isn’t the transparency across China that we have here in North America, but it looks like this is consumption-driven, and it looks like it is demand driven. I think you kind of had make sense when you see what’s going on in automobile sales and you know consumer sales, the housing market, the stock market in China. You know it’s hard to say there’s no inventory building up anywhere, but it appears to us that the consumption in China is pretty healthy. If you think about GDP growth, even in the ballpark of 7% to 8%, with the domestic economy being I think 65% of China’s GDP, exports being 35%, that all fits together with GDP growth slowing from 12% to 7% to 8%.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: In other words, you guys might view then this pickup in Chinese pulp purchases as something that’s maybe a little more sustainable?
John Faraci: Yes.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay and a question for Carol. Back to this containerboard export question, I’m just curious with the very low prices that the trade papers are reporting on export sales, why you think U.S. producers would be exporting more into that kind of pricing environment? Or are the trade papers missing something?
Carol Roberts: Well, you know, Mark, I think we do know that those prices are under pressure, and it is just a, it’s a business decision and an economic decision to decide whether that makes sense for you or not.  Ultimately, I don’t believe those prices will stay there long term, so I think it just comes down to a decision around your cost competitiveness and whether it make sense to participate at all those levels or not. I would say that, I continue to believe that U.S. kraft linerboard is globally competitive. So if somebody’s going to participate, we ought to be taking a look at it and then just make the best business decision that we can.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then the last question I had, on both of the waterfall slides for the segments, you showed a negative impact from mix in both containerboard and in Uncoated Freesheet, and I wondered if you could just give us a little sense of what that negative mix was in both of those businesses?
John Faraci: That’s geographic mix in both and what that is, that is, the way we do that is there is a negative impact because you’re shipping at lower margins, both in paper and in containerboard when we ship export.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very good.
John Faraci: We do have some positive mix you know when we ship, let’s say make more accepted packaging board in Russia, and sell it in Russia that is better than making weight line carton. So the big ones that are standing out are are geographic.
Carol Roberts: Mark, I would add that over on that swing chart, there’s a positive from that volume, that’s over in the volume bucket. So it’s probably just the way we categorized it on that swing chart, but there is a corollary positive from volume.
John Faraci: If we didn’t believe we were making more money by selling that product, we’d be taking the downtime.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Again, congratulations. I think a really great performance.
John Faraci: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning, again congratulations on the performance of containerboard and overall. I guess the first question I had and I realize you haven’t hit your full targets yet, but given the progress you’re making with the Weyerhaeuser acquisition, that you are nearly at the synergy target. What is holding back from perhaps raising that synergy target overtime? Is it just the fact that you haven’t achieved it yet? Are you just trying to guard against macroeconomic conditions or some other factors, John? 
John Faraci: So we didn’t raise…
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: I understand that.
John Faraci: In the coming quarters, we’re going to be talking to you more about what’s next for containerboard. That business didn’t finish with its improvement plan. There’s a lot of runway, that’s more than volume runway, in terms of improving earnings in that business. Even once the synergies are over, because we haven’t even gotten to work on of the footprint and the cost structure and the optimization, all of which are got significant upsides for us.
Tim Nicholls: I would just add to that, John that past a certain point of the combined business, it’s less about synergies. I’m just driving total business improvement.
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Alright.
Tim Nicholls: So that’s where the business is focused now.
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Could you give us a quick update on what the level of investment is right now within industrial packaging? I remember something around $10 billion. Has that number changed much year-to-date? Where do you think returns are, if you can comment at all, what the spread might be between virgin recycled right now, either with you or within the industry?
John Faraci: Well, capital employed in the industrial packaging business is what, Tim?
Tim Nicholls: Total capital employed is about $8.8 billion, George.
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John Faraci: Your second question was returns?
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Yes, just the spread in returns that you’re seeing rights now, either you or what you suspect is in the market, virgin versus recycled?
John Faraci: I’ll let Carol comment on that, probably closer to it than I am.
Carol Roberts: George, I really don’t have a view on that relative to returns right now. So we could probably get back to you and think about that, but we look at ours as a system and optimize it. So I can’t comment on returns relative to recycled versus virgin right at this moment.
John Faraci: Do you think, you return on investment George, or margins?
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Really more return on investment, but either way you wanted to answer the question would be fine. We can follow-up with you afterwards, that’s fine, too.
John Faraci: We look at return on investment in the business and by customer, but not by grade of product.
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Okay. Two last questions and I’ll turn it over. Looking at the price charts in the slide deck, it looked like you saw a bit more of an accelerated drop in uncoated freesheet pricing in the second quarter versus 1Q, relative to what you saw 1Q versus 4Q.  Wayne, was that more geographically driven or market driven to say, offset versus cut size? Could you give us a bit more clarity there? On the timber sale, John, can you comment at all on whether you still expect to get the proceeds that you initially targeted on that sale? Thanks, guys.
Wayne Brafford: Quick comment on that, you called it right. It’s primarily driven geographically driven like the mix. There was some drifting down, but I would say the pundits are pretty close to being right. It is in the $5 to $10 drift, depending on whether you’re talking about rolls or cut size, rolls having more drift down than cut size.
John Faraci: On the timberlands sale, George, in terms of the agreement haven’t changed.
George Staphos - Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Just to follow-up, perhaps on George’s question with regards to synergies in containerboard John. What’s really the key driver to getting the synergies faster thus far than what you had initially anticipated? Then a second part to that is that as you had mapped out the road to $400 million over three years. Would it be reasonable to assume that years two and three, those benefits would be kind of on top of what you’ve already achieved thus far? So you could maybe extrapolate that you’re going to be somewhere north of $600 million, $650 million in year three?
John Faraci: Well, I think the reason we got the merger benefits for more faster is because of the planning that went into the integration. We announced the acquisition in March, we closed it in August and it was really, really important that everybody knew what their job was day one, all the leadership was in place day one. Day two, they knew what the strategy vision message was and everybody started paddling real hard on day one. There was no confusion about where we were going, who was responsible, and that’s what happens when an organization has got the right people, and they know what the plan is. In terms of synergies going forward, I think we are beyond the synergies that come from, putting two organizations together and defining a box plant footprint. How do we run this business better and there are lots of levers in this business now, twice as big as there was before, that we haven’t tapped into yet, which will take sometime, but as I said, we are going to get the $1.6 billion EBITDA, even without the volume, over time. The volume, when it comes back, and it will, we’ll be on top of that. So, we are pretty positive about those synergies are going to stay with us and there is more we can do that is not synergy-related.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs:  John, in that initial $400 million of synergies, was that second step of running the whole business better, was that included in that $400 million?
John Faraci:  No. No. That was all headcount, box plant rationalization, logistics and the commercial side of it, which was the box contract.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Then just maybe shifting just to one other topic, in terms of input costs you mentioned you thought input costs in North America would essentially be flat, except for OCC. Can you talk about caustic soda? Is caustic soda going to be flat from here? Or should you see more meaningful or continued improvement from caustic soda?
John Faraci: There is a charge in the appendix, George. I’m not sure what page it’s, on maybe Tom can point it out. Right near the very end, it shows caustic soda trends. Caustic soda has come down sharply. The pricing at the end of the quarter probably is maybe close to our low pricing, because we have got a mix of pricing, is probably as low as it’s going to go.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research : Staying with the input costs, you guys, I believe, have historically had some hedges on that gas and on that final slide, I think it says that your total net gas consumption is in order of magnitude 65 billion BTUs. How much of that is hedged? If we were to basically assume the current cost of net gas, what type of tailwind would that be to your earnings?
John Faraci: Well, it wouldn’t be a huge material number in this year, Mark. We are about in the mid-40s in terms of a hedge position versus our total consumption, and the hedges are underwater right now. Last year they were, in the money by a long shot. The markets flipped around on us, but if you think of spot being somewhere sub $4, it’s going to be closer to $8, $8.5, so, on the edges that meet up.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research : Doesn’t that mean though that you basically have, let’s say, you have 20 billion BTU hedged and can we say that as those hedges roll off you get the benefit of $4, $4.5? So that’s worth $80 million, $90 million, is that about right?
Tim Nicholls: You could say that, except we don’t do it year-by-year. We look out in time. So, we are putting on positions, into 2010 and 2011 as well.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay and those positions that you are putting on I presume are at much lower prices than the $8, $8.5?
Tim Nicholls: That’s correct. They are going to be lower, but just to remind everyone of how we do this, we don’t try to develop a point of view, we try to reduce volatility in the numbers. So, we may move slower or faster at given points in time, but it’s within ranges, and all we are trying to do is lessen the impact, that would be overly dramatic from one quarter to the next if we didn’t have the hedges in place.
John Faraci: Mark, it surprises me too, I think you are alluding to this, but the forward price for 2011 gas is still close to $7, which is a whole heck of a lot higher than the spot price.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Fair enough and true enough. Shifting gears, just the second question and I’ll be done. It seems that your operating rate in your containerboard business order of magnitude was about 79%, is that about right for the quarter?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think it may have been just a little bit lower than that Mark, but its right around the mid-70s, 75, and 76.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay and in the past, you’ve talked about eventually shifting your containerboard footprint and most likely being more productive with fewer facilities. When do you think you will be ready to start making decisions on that part of the process?
John Faraci:  When we are ready, you’ll hear about it.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: I’m waiting. I’ll be listening.
John Faraci: We’ll know where to find you.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thanks, good morning and congratulations on a strong result. John, if you keep this up, maybe you can lease Mark some space in the Buckingham Palace. I wanted to ask a question, if I could on slide 39, as it relates to alternative fuel credits. It looks like $482 million pre-tax, $294 million after tax. I want to make sure, I better understand the cash effect and whether you have in fact received the cash that you’re due to-date or if there is some carry into the third quarter?
Tim Nicholls: Well, there is going to be carry, as we file the claims and the claims are paid, but we are current on filing. So, through the end of the second quarter, we had received $840 million in cash.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay and do I understand correctly that there is not much of a tax effect, because you are going to use NOLs against this?
Tim Nicholls:  Well, we are booking book tax, but the cash tax impact is going to be minimal.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. That’s helpful and Tim, how do you think about working capital second half of the year, in terms of opportunity, a plus or a minus?
Tim Nicholls: Well, it depends in some measure on what happens with overall demand levels, but I can tell you that, as an organization across all businesses, there is an extreme focus on managing working capital as tightly as possible. So, we are not going to let up on how tightly we squeeze it.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Faraci: The improvement we’ve got or the cash generated from working capital on the first half of the year is going to be tough to replicate in the second half of the year, unless sales continue to decline, because part of that is just collecting receivables faster than you are putting on sales. Because we had sales decline of 20%, got masked overall because of addition of Weyerhaeuser. So, Tim is right, we’ve got the full court press on managing inventories and collecting receivables, but we’ve got helped by a weak economy, which we’d rather have a strong economy and generate some more sales.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Tim Nicholls:  But we continue, I mean the receivables is going to go up and down pretty closely correlated in time with what happens with sales, but we continue to really focus on inventory levels and inventory management.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, that’s helpful and there was a headline, I think it came from one of your slides, but 8,000 job cuts on a year-over-year basis, is that accurate and I presume that’s largely containerboard, but can you elaborate on that figure and kind of the source of those eliminations?
John Faraci: It’s all around the company. It’s not just containerboard, a big chunk of it did come from merger benefits, but it’s been all over the company. Not just North America, but most of it in North America.
Tim Nicholls: That is total employees, Pete that’s salaried and hourly; part of this is getting the footprint right and taking costs out where you don’t need it.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay and then how does that progress for the next two quarters, as you get to the year end targets that you have?
John Faraci: We’re not going to make a year end headcount target, but we’re not finished.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Very good, congratulations on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thank you and good morning. First question is with respect to white paper. I guess the comment that it will be similar to Q2, does that imply negative 15% is the new negative 5%? Can you maybe discuss a little bit how, you know, market share in Brazil figures into that?
John Faraci: Well, I’ll let Wayne, you know, comment on that, but I’d say you know, we’re still in the middle of the worst recession we’ve had in 80 years. So you know, you’ve got yes, there’s a structural decline in the demand for Uncoated Freesheet North America, which I think Wayne at Investor Day said, we think it is about 4% plus or minus, but you’ve got the recessionary impact of a decline in demand that is not permanent, but it’s going to be with us as long as we have this economy.
Wayne Brafford: I would just add that, if you look at it year-over-year, through June, you’re right. We’re still seeing from AF&PA mid-teens types of reduction, but if you look at it month-to-month, what we are beginning to see is we’re, I think John characterized it right. We’re kind of bouncing along the bottom here. If you look at the data month-to-month, June was up a little bit from May, but I wouldn’t say there’s a rally going on, I’d say we’re bouncing along on the bottom.
John Faraci: Yes, we won’t get a meaningful improvement that’s cyclically related to Uncoated Freesheet demand until white-collar employment starts stabilizes and starts moving up, because that’s the statistic that consumption’s most correlated with.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Got it, thanks. Second question, and please don’t misconstrue it, because I think we’re all delighted with the results, but does IP have a policy on when they would issue a warning if results would be materially better or worse than consensus?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, that was a good question. We do have a policy. We want to make sure we are operating in a way that is, you know, reflective of how, what our obligation is to investors, but our policy is not to give guidance in the first place.  So we look at the business indicators that we do provide an outlook for, and we ask ourselves comprehensively across all of those whether we feel we have a duty to update, and those are ongoing conversations, quarter-by-quarter. If you recall, we did update, forget the quarter, but around a land transaction, last year or year before, because we felt we, you know, we had an obligation to inform shareholders before the release.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Great, thanks. Keep up the good cash flows. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon -Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning. When you look at the reduction target you gave us, and I don’t want to pin you down, because you mentioned you want to hit it with or without the tax credit, but are you depending on the land sale to help you get to that $3.2 billion reduction by year end?
John Faraci: No. It’s a joint answer.
Chip Dillon -Credit Suisse: That is simple enough. Another question, on Ilim, as we look at a lot of companies that operate from the U.S., they’re expecting foreign currency to turn into a positive in the fourth quarter, which would mean for Ilim, the way you report it, we would see that be a positive influence next year in the first quarter.  I’m just wondering if we sort of took the pulp volumes and prices today and overlay that with sort of where currency is now, do you think Ilim could be, you know, would swing into the black, you know, if the dollar doesn’t you know strengthen a lot more and/or pulp stays at or above current levels?
John Faraci: Ilim is going to have a significantly better reported second quarter than they had in the first, because pulp prices started to improve irrespective of currency. So we’re not relying on currency for Ilim to get into the black.  The question is, you know, how much, how fast does their profitability return? You know, if we had 2008 pricing with today’s ruble, Ilim would be making a lot of money. Because a weak ruble and strong pulp pricing, we’ve got pulp pricing improving, and we’ve got a ruble that’s weakened substantially on a year-over-year basis.
Chip Dillon -Credit Suisse: Got you. I guess the last question, and maybe this is better for Carol, but you know, with OCC going up, especially overseas, and with that putting cost pressure on the overseas recycle producers. How do you see the spread between kraft liner, and recycled overseas? Do you think that there is any chance that you would see an opportunity to raise prices in board say before next spring?
Carol Roberts: Well Chip, I would say that absolutely the export prices. For one thing, I know they are got going to go any lower. So I think there is upside. So any price pressure that comes from any front really will help us get those prices backup. So I think there is definitely opportunity for export prices to go up, particularly in the timeframe you mentioned.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Mark Connelly with Sterne Agee.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: Thank you. Hi, John. Two questions for Carol, primarily. The first is what should we be expecting in terms of additional merger integration charges over the next couple of quarters? The second question is, if we look at the cost of the downtime that you’re taking today, how would you compare that to the cost of taking downtime ,the last time we went through this, four or five years ago?
Carol Roberts: Relative to the cost, there are no real significant, one-time charges coming up for the synergies and for the acquisitions. I would defer to my financial partners if we provide more specificity on that, but not a lot.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Carol Roberts: Regarding the costs for the downtime, I would say that definitely this time the costs have been lowered due to the way we’re managing. Part of the reason we’re able to manage differently is we have a lot more choices around mills, around costs, between OCC mills, virgin mills, a lot further reach, whether it would be optimizing the last truck of wood, the last truckload of OCC. So, we’ve really had a dual effort. One is managing direct variable costs to the optimum level, which we have choices on that, and then just managing overall spending. So we’ve actually done pretty well on managing with a lot of downtime.
Tim Nicholls: I would echo that Mark, across all the businesses here in North America. The mill businesses, they’re all pursuing similar strategies, where we take maintenance outages, we don’t use contracted labor, we don’t do use overtime. Even our capital dollars are going further because of the economic environment that we’re in. I think it’s just all about managing costs and keeping spending as low as possible.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: Very good; thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Tom Cleves, Investor Relations.
Tom Cleves: Thank you, Stephanie. Wayne, Carol, John, Tim, thank you. Emily and I will be in our offices. If you have any follow-up questions, please give us a call. Thanks for joining us for today’s call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Cleves – VP, IR John Faraci – Chairman and CEO Tim Nicholls – SVP and CFO Tom Kadien – SVP and President, Xpedx Wayne Brafford – SVP, Printing & Communications Papers Carol Roberts – SVP, Industrial Packaging Mike Balduino – SVP, Consumer Packaging
Analysts: Gail Glazerman – UBS Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs George Staphos – Merrill Lynch Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Mark Connelly [ph] – Sterne, Agee Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Taylor, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2009 earnings review. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Cleves: Thank you, Taylor. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining International Paper’s first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-US GAAP financial information. Reconciliation of those figures to US GAAP financial measures is available on our Web site. Our Web site also contains copies of the first quarter 2009 earnings press release, and today’s presentation slides. I’ll now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. Today, Tim Nicholls and I are going to review our first quarter results and performance of our individual businesses. We’ll also discuss our outlook for the quarters going forward. I want to start right out of the shoot in saying that International Paper continued to execute and operate well, in I think what all of us would admit, was an extremely challenging and tough environment both in North America and all around the world. Despite what I would call unprecedented levels of decline and demand, we posted positive earnings and very solid free cash flows in the quarter. Tim will discuss each business. But I’d like to say right out front that we’re going to highlight two very strong performances of our large North American businesses, uncoated papers and industrial packaging. North America and uncoated free sheet EBIT increased in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, and very importantly, margins expanded by 300 basis points. In the North America industrial packaging business, we also generated strong results given the economic environment we’re competing in. In just the second full quarter of combining our industrial packaging business with the warehouse reacquisition, we improved EBITDA margins by 320 basis points versus the fourth quarter, and almost 500 basis points versus the first quarter of 2008. And we achieved those results in the quarter when we took more than 700,000 tons of lack of order down time. Despite double-digit declines in paper and packaging demand, selling prices in North America at both businesses fell at only modest rates. Any exception really for international paper was market pulp and export prices which declined significantly. As I said earlier, their volumes are off all around the world. Input costs did continue to decline. The first quarter annual savings rate is about $700 million or relative to 2008 levels. Our inventories remain in very good shape. They’re down in all businesses all around the world, except in Brazil where we’ve started up a new paper machine during the quarter. And the strongest part of our operations – the strongest part of our performance were our operations, our managing of controllable costs, and our realizing merger benefits. Our operations in our mills and our converting plants were just outstanding, given that we’re already running about 70% of capacity. Our mills run extremely well. Our overhead expenses were less than 2008 levels and we realized nearly $100 million of merger benefits in the quarter alone. So the net result of all this was strong free cash flow and significant debt reduction during the quarter which Tim will discuss in more detail in a minute. So in summary, on the next slide here, the snapshot slide, first quarter sales decreased from fourth quarter levels by 13% to $5.7 billion. Without Weyerhaeuser they would have – the impact of Weyerhaeuser revenues, they would’ve climbed by about 20%. EBITDA decreased by from $700 million in the fourth quarter to $600 million. But importantly, margins in our operating businesses expanded by 100 basis points, and free cash flow increased from $400 million in the fourth quarter to $700 million in the first quarter. And after $600 million of debt repayment during the quarter, we ended the quarter with $1 billion in cash, just about the same amount we went out of the year with. Before Tim covers our results by business, I’d like to just give you a quick update. We can come back on this with your questions and tell you about our progress is creating the premiere industrial packaging business in North America, which was our objective when we made the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s corrugated business. When we acquired Weyerhaeuser’s packaging business, we said we would generate a combined EBITDA of $1.7 billion a year within three years of August 2008. As slide six shows, our first quarter EBITDA annualizes to $1.3 billion. We’ve identified an increment of $100 million in synergies, which we’re going to get sooner. So after the first six months of combined operations, we have line-of-sight of 80% of our three-year target. When the economy and box demand recovers and I believe it will, it’s a question of when, we’ll meet our three-year EBIT objective with 10% less volume than we had assumed. So we don’t need the market to come to what it was to get to our target. And if it does, we’re going to exceed it. So I’m very pleased with the results being generated by our industrial packaging team. Those results are having a big, positive impact on international paper. So now I’ll turn it over to Tim, who’ll discuss the results in more detail.
Tim Nicholls: Okay. Thanks John. Good morning, everyone. I’m on slide seven and the waterfall chart here that tracks earnings from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Fourth quarter earnings from our operating businesses were $0.14 per share versus $0.08 in the first quarter, but it excludes the one-time impact of the Vicksburg Mill insurance proceeds, which was a fourth quarter item. First quarter earnings from our operating businesses were in line with fourth quarter levels. Excellent operations that combine with declining input costs, and more than offset the impact of reduced volumes and modest price slippage. Our domestic paper and packaging, solid prices held up well, but prices for market pulp and exports declined significantly. Higher pension expenses contributed to a 4% increase in corporate expenses or interest expense improved earnings by $0.04, and equity earnings from the Ilim joint venture decreased earnings by 0.06% per share. Turn to slide eight, it shows the favorable impact of the declining input costs in the first quarter. Input cost reductions increased our quarterly earnings by $0.23 or $124 million. We saw reduced costs for wood and OCC that total up to $44 billion of earnings improvement, lower chemical prices increased earnings by $31 million, and energy cost reduction boosted earnings by $28 million or transportation costs that is another $21 million. So improvements all around. On slide nine, we’ve recapped a lack of order down time for you. During the first quarter, we’ve continued had to match our production to our customers’ needs and as a result, we recorded $1.1 million tons of lack of order down time, which is more quarterly down time than we’ve taken in the history of the company. We took 700,000 tons of down time in the North American container board system, which is about 25% of our total capacity. And we took 150,000 tons of lack of order down time in the North American uncoated free sheet system or about 20% of total capacity. We also recorded 127,000 tons of down time in the coated paper board business in North America, which again is about 25% of its total capacity. And because the accumulative cost of down time is far less than the negative impact of chasing after volume or building unneeded inventories, we will continue to manage our production to meet our customers’ immediate needs. Now we turn to the businesses and I’m going to start with industrial packaging. The business performed extremely well in the first quarter, increasing earnings by more than 65% from $112 million in the fourth quarter to $188 million in the first quarter. We benefited from the fallen input costs, but the real story is that even with demand falling in an unprecedented level, we made up the volume shortfall and the price leakage with outstanding operations and cost management. The price erosion reflects the lower export selling prices and we had some leakage in open market container board selling prices in North America, but those were offset by improvements in box pricing. Box pricing was a key part of our synergies, and we outlined when we announced the Weyerhaeuser transaction. And now let me turn to synergies and just take you through a reminder of where the synergies were going to come from. One was going to be around rationalizing the footprint on the box plant side, and only carrying the number of facilities we needed to support our customers. I mentioned the mix improvements and selling price improvements from the box business, which was another key part, optimization of new operations in logistics, and the final piece was the large reduction in business and corporate overhead. During the first quarter we achieved nearly $100 million in merger synergies, which contributed strongly to our results. Using the marked synergies run rate, we are on track to achieve more than $400 million in merger synergies in 2009. In other words, just after eight months of combined operations, we’re at the annual run rate equal to the three-year synergy target. Turn slide 12, I’ve got a few more data points on a few of the merger opportunities. We’re running the combined business with 30% fewer employees. Given the significant efficiency gains, we now believe that we will ultimately be able to run the combined business with 15% fewer total employees. By the end of the second full quarter of combined operations, we have removed 12 box plants and two sheet converting facilities. Or said in another way, we had already exceeded the three-year target of facility rationalization and expect to achieve further efficiency gains in the converting system. Commercial improvements on the Weyerhaeuser volume have been improved those margins on Weyerhaeuser tons by almost $20 per ton. And not only are we well ahead of the three-year synergy schedule, we now believe we can achieve an incremental $100 million in annual merger benefits, and therefore has increased our three-year target to the $500 million level. And I would just mention as a sub point that we’re doing it by spending less to achieve those merger benefits. So a good story all the way round. The results of all that are shown on slide 13. When we acquired the Weyerhaeuser packaging business we’ve set a goal of creating the premier North American Industrial Packaging business with the highest margins, and we think we’re on our way to achieving that goal. Our EBITDA margins improved from 14.3% in the fourth quarter to 17.5% the first quarter and we’re 470 basis points higher than the first quarter 2008 levels despite the significant lack of order down time that we’re taking. So with that on industrial, let me move on to printing papers. Global printing papers earnings declined from $113 million to $101 million, while earnings on our North American Printing Papers business and North American Market Pulp businesses improved from fourth quarter levels. For North American Printing Papers, earnings were up $12 million driven by favorable input costs and strong operations that more than offset the volume decline and selling prices were flat For North American Pulp, earnings were up $11 million driven by cost and again favorable operations offset lower selling prices. And Europe for the printing papers business we experienced higher input costs and higher maintenance outage expenses, which were partially offset by favorable volume and foreign exchange. And Brazil, we have higher maintenance outage expenses in the quarter and lower export prices as well. I turn now to consumer packaging, earnings increased $22 million. And unlike demand in printing papers and container board, we did not experience the fall of coated paper board demand until the first quarter. The sharp reduction in demand led to significant slow down in shipments and a dramatic increase in lack of order down time, which decreased earnings by $48 million. Significant improvements in selling price and input costs and really outstanding operations added $56 million in earnings. Turning to Xpedx, we have weak demand for printing materials and for packaging supplies that led to a decline in shipment volume at Xpedx. The impact to the weak volumes was also compounded by declining paper prices. As a result, first quarter sales revenue declined by 18%. We also experienced an increase in bad debt expense to the weak economy and tight credit markets. And for Xpedx, the focus has been and continues to be on reducing operating expense and that enabled – that focus enabled them turn to an operating profit in March. And for the quarter overall, the business did generate strong cash flow. Forest products, earnings declined from $38 million in the fourth quarter to $2 million in the first. I think you’re aware that in the first quarter we did agree to sell 143,000 acres of land. The transaction is now expected to close in the third quarter, and when that transaction closes, the remaining land portfolio will have an expected value of somewhere between $60 and $80 million. Slide Ilim, slide 18, and again I remind you that we report Ilim’s earnings on a one quarter lag so this would be the fourth quarter for Ilim and our first quarter’s. Sales from this joint venture declined by 25% reflecting a weak pulp market in China and weak demand for both paper and packaging in Russia. Pulp shipments declined by 9% and pulp prices dropped by $139 per ton, while container board shipment increased slightly as selling prices declined $58 per ton. Final input cost decreased earnings but more than half of the equity earnings loss was due to unfavorable foreign exchange rates on US dollar denominated debt. IP shares of the joint venture earnings declined to a loss of $26 million for the quarter. Now we turn to free cash flow, slide 19. And in a very difficult environment, the operations generated $650 million in cash during the quarter. And we had a very strong focus on operating working capital, which contributed strongly to the cash flow generation and we also reduced capital spending money nearly $100 million. The result was free cash flow of $666 million and even excluding the cash from the alternative fuel credits, our free cash flow in the quarter was second highest of any quarter in the last five. The strong free cash flow has allowed us to make significant progress on debt reduction, so I’ll turn to that now. During the quarter, we repaid $550 million debt, and in April we reduced debt by an instrumental $400 million. So in the nine months since completed the transaction of the Weyerhaeuser Packaging asset, we’ve reduced our pro-forma debt by $1.6 billion and we’re well ahead of our commitments to reduce long term debt by at least $2 billion within 24 months of the acquisition and continues to be very strongly committed to further strengthening our balance sheet. Slide 21, just a reminder on our cash and committed facilities, coupled with our large cash down at the end of the first quarter, we have $2.5 billion back up liquidity consisting of the receivables securitization and also the $1.5 million (inaudible). We turn to debt maturities now and I’ll take you through the next couple of years. We have approximately $1.3 billion of remaining debt maturities that will need to be repaid between 2009 and 2011. The cash we have on hand is sufficient to pay these maturities in 2009 and ‘10 and also some of the remaining $550 million in 2011. We also have, and you can see them in the grayed out part of the call, is we also have approximately $700 million 2009 to 2011 debt maturities that consist of about $200 million of non-recourse joint venture debt, which the joint venture intends to roll over and also the $500 million timber modernization debt, which we intend to roll over. Just a couple of comments on pensions, we now expect that we will not be required to make a cash contribution to our pension plan until 2011. I just like to remind you that at the end of 2007, our pension plan was fully funded, in fact, that was fully funded for a good portion of last year before returns deteriorated late in the year. There’s been a recent ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, which provides a greater lee way around selecting the discount rate for value in pension liabilities in order to determine funding obligations. This ruling has allowed IP to select the discount rate that’s nearly 130 basis points prior to the original estimate resulting in somewhere between 10% and 20% reduction in our 2009 funding obligation. So with that, let me turn you back over to John and he will take you through first quarter summary and second quarter outlook.
John Faraci: Okay, Tim. Thanks. Before I do that, I’d like to take a couple minutes and talk about the alternative fuel mixture tax credit, which I know is of interest to a lot of, if not all investors. Let me just start off by saying, International Paper in our industry has a long history of sustainable, renewable, and largely self-sufficient energy use. At International Paper, we generate more than 70% of the energy used in our US integrated mills from renewable resources, and we’ve done so for decades long before the green energy movement began. And I guess I’d have to say all the attention that alternative fuel credits has gotten has enabled us to talk more positively about how our industry is renewable and sustainable. Our industry is the biggest generator of renewable power among all the industries. So a large part of our renewable energy use involves our practice of converting a by-product of making paper. It comes from the tree. It’s known as black liquor where it gets fit into our process. Since November of 2008, we’ve been mixing in a small amount of diesel fuel in order to qualify for the Alternative Fuel Mixture Tax Credit because it requires mixture. One thing we want to be clear on is, because the diesel fuel replaces fossil fuels that would otherwise have been used at any one site in the manufacturing process, International Paper is not burning any incremental fossil fuels at any location of these 20 mills where we are generating these alternative fuel credits. This process of transforming waste into bio-energy has been an integral part of our business model for a long time. And we believe that it’s one of the most environmentally beneficial and responsible practices in any industry. And we do think existing users of renewable fuels and new users of alternative fuels ought to be treated on the same playing field. So we believe the Alternative Fuel Mixture Tax Credit – and the IRS obviously concurs because they’ve certified us, supports a sustainable environmental practice that merits a tax treatment similar to other users of renewable energy and fuel types. There are other industries adding diesel fuel to bio-fuels to qualify tax credit. We believe that they too should be treated as we are, and we should be treated as they are. During the first quarter we’ve received $145 million of cash in alternative fuel mixture credits. And the total tax credits received or accrued since the fourth quarter of last year, and we began mixing during the middle of the fourth quarter of last year, so the total accrued for that period of time, which is about four and a half months, is just over $550 million. At the end of the quarter, we subsequently received an additional $275 million in tax credits of the $413 million accrued as of March 31st. So we’ll come back and talk about that if you wish, but let me turn now to sum up the quarter and talk about the outlook. In summary, despite some very strong headwinds, I think the strongest that I’ve probably seen in my career and this company’s seen in decades, we posted solid results especially when you look at the free cash flow and the debt reductions. Shipment volumes declined and in response, we continue to match our production to our customers’ needs to avoid tying up working capital and unneeded inventories in producing more products that our customers want to buy. We ran our operations very efficiently, generated almost $100 million integration synergies, and posted more than $30 million of overhead cost savings. In addition to that, we generated strong free cash flow which contributed to our ability to reduce our long-term debt by $600 million in the first quarter, and by, as Tim said, by $1 billion through the end of April, when we made some additional debt reduction payments. As of today, we have no material debt maturity repayment requirements remaining in 2009 and have enough cash on hand right now to satisfy all of our 2010 maturities. So looking ahead at the second quarter, I wish I had a good crystal ball to share with you, but I don’t. But I do expect that we’re going to face challenging economic conditions. I feel that the economy is – in North America is probably reached the bottom. But we seem to be bouncing along the bottom and if we see any uptake it’s really only the inventory correction, which was severe, maybe over. We have seen a slight uptake in volume in early April, some of it in our box business, but we don’t have clear line of sight because our customers don’t have clear line of sight on their demand. And when we look at Xpedx, we still see paper packaging shipments being weak. So the major variables, you know what they are, are volume, lack of order down time, selling prices, and input cost. We expect input cost to decline incrementally. We think there’s more room at chemical places start to slide, and on the fiber side, energy prices and transportation prices are already pretty low, so we know our second quarter earnings will reflect a significant increase in plant outage cost. And we obviously expect to continue to run our operations as low as we did in the first quarter. Equity earnings from Ilim joint venture we know will be less than first quarter earnings because we’re a one quarter lag. Almost all of that is related to the unfavorable foreign exchange impact on their US dollar denominated debt because of – with the weakening Ruble. So in summary, there are a lot of puts and takes, and I can’t predict at how all these variables will go, but I think it’s likely that the second quarter earnings will be less than the first quarter. So going forward, I just want to be very clear so that you know where our priorities are. We’re laser focused on aggressive cost management and we’ve got more to do, and we’ll do more. We’re going to continue to match our production to our customers’ needs, and manage our inventories. We’re going to continue to strengthen our balance sheet by continuing to pay down debt and managing our working capital. So with that I will turn it over to Tom Cleves, and we’ll answer your questions.
Tom Cleves: Thanks John. Thank you. We’re ready for our first question please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Hi, good morning.
John Faraci: Gail.
Tom Cleves: Hi, Gail.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Congratulations on the cash flow. John, I was hoping to get maybe a little bit more color on this demand trends that you’re seeing? Maybe taking a back to the progression in the first quarter by some of the key businesses?
John Faraci: Well, as I’ve said I think the – I’ve got some of my colleagues here, I may ask if they can comment. In North America, paper and packaging have been weak since November, and we didn’t materially see them getting any weaker in that business. Bleach board was weaker in the first quarter than the fourth quarter. And I think it was just – our customer base there is different. And the inventory liquidation or draw down had been started later. Tom, I don’t know what – you’d want to say something about Xpedx? What you see going on in the print and packaging side of Xpedx?
Tom Kadien: Sure, John. The way I would look at it, we started seeing it significantly in December. Coming off the record third quarter, we were off 10% in December in terms of revenues per day. In January, we saw another step down of another 10%, so significant inventory de-stocking in that December-January period. And I would say that we have seen across our paper and packaging, almost a dead flat trend through the first quarter. And to me, that means there’s some slight unique growth because we’ve experienced some real price deflation, particularly in coated grades. So I wouldn’t call it a recovery but there – I would agree with what John said, it seems like the inventory correction occurred early in the quarter and now we’re seeing relatively flat bumping along the bottom.
John Faraci: I’m so much pleasantly surprised I guess, to see consumer spending move up in the first quarter. GDP numbers that came out of consumer spending was up 2%. We’re going to see that in our orders, if that is the case, because that’s who our customers are selling to. If you go around the world, demand in Brazil is not off as much, it’s off 5% to 10%. Demand in China is pretty healthy. Our businesses there – we’re going to ship twice as much bleach board in the month of April as we did in the last month of April, which says that the economy is so – it’s not growing at 12% but it’s growing at 6%, and the domestic economy is pretty solid. And our volume is holding up in Western Europe, although the end of the line demand for paper is not down as much as North America, but it’s down. So I think we got all parts of the world, with the exception of China kind of caught in negative number territory. North America is probably the most severe but I think we’ve seen the worst of it. The question is how long do we bounce along the bottom?
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. Would the same be true for your exports of board out of North America?
John Faraci: Pardon me?
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Your export volumes of board, is that also jumping around or is that still getting weaker?
John Faraci: It’s bouncing around the bottom. Volume is off 30% to 40% and prices are awful.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And just changing gears a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about the sustainability kind of ex-operating items of the cash flow in the quarter? Were there any seasonal factors or swing factors that we should think about moving forward?
John Faraci: With working capital, obviously with – when your sales are down, your working capital is going to be declining. But we also see – we planned of a couple of $100 million working capital improvement in the company because we saw some opportunities in packaging with Weyerhaeuser. So we’re getting those but we’re also getting some working capital generation from sales declines. When demand comes back, we will generate more cash from running our facilities but we’ll have to put some working capital back into the business. So we’re not going to get – I hope we don’t get consistently $200 million a quarter working capital climbs. That’s going to – I don’t suggest these sales are under more pressure. I don’t think that’s going to happen.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Claudia Hueston of JP Morgan.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Thanks very much. Good morning.
John Faraci: Good morning.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: I was hoping you could just provide a little bit more detail on input cost trends in the quarter, and where is the cost re-trending as you exited the quarter. Probably most interested in chemicals and fiber. Just trying to get a sense of how much more relief there is to come?
Tom Kadien: I’ll jump in here. John may have some comments to add, Claudia. But in the appendix we give you the typical progressions index. But chemicals is one category that have not come off as much, and wood is still a little bit higher ending the first quarter than where we were early last year. Of course, we’ve seen a big drop off in energy costs and transportation is a lot better. But there still seems like there’s room to go about chemicals and on virgin fiber.
John Faraci: I think it’s fair to say that we’ve got a lot of, I wouldn’t call deflation, but a lot of price coming out of everywhere in the economy. And if you think about that $2 billion of input costs, that’s not general inflation. As input costs increases, as we’ve seen over the past four years, we think we’re at run rate of $800 million, it’s hard to see we’re going to get all the way to that $2 billion in a short period of time. But I think incrementally there’s more upside there but we’ve probably got the biggest slug of it in the last six months.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Okay. And as chemical costs fall or as they fall, do you still see that pretty immediately or is there a quarter lag, the way you purchase the chemicals and stuff?
John Faraci: There’s so many chemicals. There’s starch, there’s sulfuric acid, there’s caustic, there’s specialty chemicals. There’s no more than a quarter lag and some of them are more near term.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, given the very strong cash flow performance and the magnitude of the fuel credits that are coming in, it looks like your balance sheet will be very strong by the end of the year relative to where you started. How are you thinking about capital allocation and returning value to shareholders, if you think about the next year or two going forward given the improved cash flow position?
Tom Kadien: Well, one step at a time, Claudia. Debt reduction focused like a laser beam, so as we see the economy and where the economy is going, I think that that will definitely influence our thinking about where cash may need to be allocated. But for the current moment in the current economic environment, I think it’s focused on maturities over the next couple three years.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Okay. That’s a good answer. Thank you.
Tom Cleves: We’ll talk more about that Claudia, at Investor Day. It’s coming up.
Claudia Hueston – JP Morgan: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Good morning and congratulations. I think it’s a great quarter in light of everything you’ve faced. I wondered if you guys can talk a little bit about whether you think you’ve gotten smarter in terms of how you manage the down time and the cost of that. Because you seem to have done very, very well despite of taking proportionally much more down time than most of your competitors.
John Faraci: Mark, I’ve got Wayne Brafford here who runs our Print Papers business, and Carol Roberts who runs Industrial Packaging. I’ll ask them to talk briefly about what they’re doing. So you think they’re doing it differently but they’re responding to what they need to do in a way that enables them to run the business very, very well. Wayne?
Wayne Brafford: Thanks for noticing, Mark. We did change the profile on how we manage our down time, market related down time. In the fourth quarter we tended to just cover the high cost machines and balance the demand that way. But as this persisted we began having what we call a rolling mill outage. So, we rolled two weeks outages across several mills. So that allowed us to take a lot of the back end cost off as well rather than just shutting down a paper machine. That had a very significant impact on the cash cost in the down time.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Mark. I would say we did something maybe a little different but we we're uniquely able to do with our larger footprint. We had two attacks. One was optimization of direct variable cost. And given the mill footprint that we have now and the virgin fiber versus OCC grade free mix, we've been very – worked really hard at it and have some good tools to really optimize the direct variables. And we didn't see the penalty you normally see maybe in the back end of the mill. The other piece we've done real well is we've just optimized – minimized spending. And when you're have this much down time, you have outages, you do more straight time, you do them with your people, you don't hire contractors, you just do everything a lot smarter. And we've got the mill very fired up. And we've also done this in the box business as well. So, we're just major focused on direct variables, improved marginal economics, and then tight, tight spending control.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And if I could just follow on that, particularly for you Carol, can you give us some thoughts on when you go from just taking down time to really re-assessing your overall footprint on the mill side of the business?
Carol Roberts: Sure. And Mark, you know from our past actions our attention to our mill footprint is something that we continually do. So, obviously with the market we're in, and with the combination of warehouses, we've been evaluating our mill footprint. The key determination, of course, is where is demand going? And I know, obviously, short term matters and we've got to manage that. But we continue to look on where's the long term beneath the press liner. Where the export market's going? Where's US box demand going? I can tell you, meantime the fact that we are managing it effectively, we'll continue to manage our supply to match our demand. And as soon as we see that pass forward which we're working hard on. Our past track record says that we'll move decisively when we reach that point.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Now just finally, Carol, is it possible for you to give us some kind of metric in the first quarter on sort of your box volumes versus the industry box volumes? Because I know that you were shutting at least a bit of Weyerhaeuser – former Weyerhaeuser business.
Carol Roberts: Yes–
John Faraci: Mark, there's a slide in the appendix that our box volume, about page 35.
Carol Roberts: Actually Mark, we underperformed the industry relative to box volume. Our box volume was down from the fourth quarter 5% and we we're also down year-over-year about 17%. Now some of that is from plants that Weyerhaeuser had actually completely closed prior to the acquisition. I would say that we've made some moves in the market that we were aware of and were conscious of. So we did lose and shed some boxes in this, through the third and fourth quarter. Our closures, we've maintained 98% of the business on our closures. But our closures have been very successful. And the other thing I'd point out as you'll see our box price actually was sequentially up from fourth to first. So we feel real good about the portfolio over the box business we have. And we're going to continue to work on building a competitive and profitable box business.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay, sounds good. And, Tom, any sense on those bad debt expenses? Can we get a number on how big those might have been? And what the track would be like going forward at Xpedx?
Tom Cleves: Sure, Mark. We like to think we're pretty good at the bad debt part of our responsibilities. And I would say – well, I'll tell you it was two times what it would normally be in the first quarter. And on our size portfolio it's a fairly big number. I will say, the month of April, the month of March, it got better through the first quarter. So, it was most of the hit we took was in January, February. And it seems to slack off after February.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay, sounds good. And congratulations on the cash flow and the progress on the debt reduction.
John Faraci: Thanks, Mark.
Tom Cleves: Mark, I think the numbers for us in the first quarter was $7 million of bad debt.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thank you. John, can you talk about how you see pricing? I think the – in your past slide decks you've had the chart that have where you are currently versus the prior month average. Could you just talk about how you're seeing pricing trends? And how you think the industry can maintain pricing given the rapid raw material cost declines that you're seeing?
John Faraci: I can only talk for International Paper. And we are focused on matching supply and demand, no matter what the market environment is. You could have growing demand and still have excess capacity if you don't manage the supply side. So, the prices in North America has, our prices have slipped a bit. They haven't slipped precipitously like they have in market pulp in some of the export markets. And, you got our corded board prices have gone up. And our paper and packing prices does protect you down a bit. It's been to no acceleration. And I think it's just been a steady leakage. Our business is not a cross push business. So, when input costs go up that doesn't mean our prices go up. And when input costs go down, it doesn't mean our prices go down because we're not a cost pass through business. We're a supply demand business. In the rest of the world things are behaving somewhat differently. You see probably more price leakage in Europe than we have in North America. But we're not a big factor in Western Europe. So, we don't have a lot of capacity to be able to manage our inventories aggressively and have, have much of an impact on overall inventories.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: And as raw material cost come down you haven't seen some of those high cost producers that may have been taking downtime increase the volumes that they're supplying to the market?
John Faraci: There's no question that if you look across the industry is that not everybody is taking the same amount of downtime. And that's because everybody's making their own decision based on their own set of economics. And we know there are some, if you have one mill and one machine, you're not going to take any downtime because you're either in business or not in business. So that doesn't mean that – with that situation, we have to follow up. So, no question. People are taking different amounts of downtime.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Can I just ask one other question on Xpedx? Sounds like April – you mentioned March, was back to profitable? And in Xpedx should we expect that things that kind of stabilize should be back to the normal kind of operating margins that you've seen there in the last couple of years?
Tim Nicholls: We've caught up with the revenue declines. In the first quarter we caught up building our cost. So we caught up and made some money in the month of March. I would say it's not correct that we've caught up with the returns that we had over the last three years. We still have more cost work to do before we can get back to that level of earnings.
John Faraci: With sales being down 20% and gross margin dollars following that, it's a hard mountain to climb back up.
Richard Skidmore – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos of Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone. Good morning. Congratulations on your progress guys.
John Faraci: Hi, George.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: I guess the first question, the performance of the container board and industrial packaging was impressive. Congratulations on that. Can you just parse the comment a bit more about being able to hit your EBITDA goals within the business with 10% less production? It looks like most of that's coming from the improvement in the box plant component, the synergies, is that largely being driven by headcount, by footprint, or by processes? And what are you're key macro or underlying assumptions behind that?
John Faraci: Well, we think we're going to get more merger benefits. That's covering it. We've got some of the input cost assumptions we made a year ago. Looks like there's some upside there. And frankly, we think there's – we've gotten out very aggressively and I'll let Carol Roberts comment on this. On the box side we've got a lot of optimization to do in the middle once we can get back to a mid-cycle way of running these mills.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Right.
John Faraci: I think it’s the combination of merger benefits, seeing more upside in mill optimization, and possibly a bit help on input cost. But even if we have – if input cost go back to where they were we're pretty confident we can deliver those level of earnings. And we don't need box demand to be growing at 3% to 4% a year to do it.
Carol Roberts: The only thing I would add in to John's answer is the quantification of it very well. We're very pleased with what we got on two dimensions for sure, which we expected, but it had exceeded expectations. The assets we've gotten and their capability have been very good. Until we've found a lot of opportunity to bring how we think about things and how those folks think about things together. And that's showing up in more synergy. But the other thing we've gotten is a great group of people who are fired up, and very eager to win, and do whatever it takes to do that. So, we've, once again there's an upside, you have upside and a middle, we really haven't had the chance to take advantage of yet. We've had tremendous upside that we found in the box business. And so, while we didn't intent to shrink, we found more, more upside to take the place of the revenue from the volume.
John Faraci: And let me make just one more comment there, George. The upside that we're going to find in these mills isn't going to result in producing more container board –
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: I understand.
John Faraci:  – than our customers need to run their business.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Right.
John Faraci: The ultimate result then is will be the same amount of container board with ultimately fewer machines.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Yes, that's been clear from your intent and results through the last couple of quarters. So, good work on that. I guess on the mill side, in terms of optimization, is once the area just producing fewer gray and concentrating them at various machines or mills relative to what your customers makes ultimate looks like on the box side. Is that one key areas?
Carol Roberts: Absolutely. Because each mill, and even a machine, has some different capabilities. Let's take Pensacola. Very good at running very lightweight high strength. But we could load that machine and mill up with a larger box systems need. We can optimize medium threshold, which is something that we haven't been able to do overall. So with a bigger system and more choices, absolutely. We can move each mill to a sweet spot. And back to that comment I made about optimizing the direct variable cost, we have more choices and more often to optimize.
John Faraci: George, the logistics pieces to it is, we do (inaudible). And just think about it for a minute. Whereas nine facilities and 60 box plants shipping all those liner boards around. We had six facilities and 60 box plants. And now we're redoing the – we're taking all the miles and shipping past each other out. And one thing else we've learned from Weyerhaeuser’s, they we're a lot better at maximizing the use of rail car loading then we were. So we've gotten on that in a real hurry and increased kind of our average load per rail car by about 10% right out of the tube. And that's huge, the number rail cars we ship everyday.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Two last quick ones and then I'll turn over. First, on container board. How do you see the future trail in terms of lightweight? You obviously have Pensacola and that puts you ahead of the curve relative to the peers. But do you see the market progressively moving that way over the next five years, ten years? And then quickly, you showed the CapEx budget for this year. We appreciate that. Now what do you think – or Tim, what do you think the CapEx is right be in a more normal environment looking at whatever number years, two years, three years?
John Faraci: Carol, why don't you comment on that last one?
Carol Roberts: Yes. I don't see a space – big change on the lightweight. And I think it will continue to progress as opportunities present themselves. So along supply chain here in the US and people would rather make sure they have a product and a box that's going to work. But I think we'll see continued opportunities. I think the area we'll see more opportunities is going to be the continued move from RFCs to die cuts, which is about area. So I think that's where customers see a lot of opportunities to, for them say, cost for us we have to deliver value, from seek, can you shift in the product mix there.
John Faraci: On capital allocation uses, the cash George – and we take that pretty seriously. That's important to us. That’s important to investors. We had said before Weyerhaeuser, we we're going to spend about a $1 billion a year on average, over the cycle. Sometimes a little more, sometimes a lot less. We're in a period of time now where we can do it a lot less. We have to spend – spending less capital on Weyerhaeuser facilities than we thought. We're getting the job done at $600 million, but we're not improving the business. We've got lots of cost reduction opportunities that are 40% to 50% return projects at today's input cost that we're not doing. But those will be there. So we're also going to be very discretionary about where we spend our capital. Not every business, not every facility is going to get the same amount relative to depreciation, because there's some facilities that may not be around. Some businesses are running for cash.
George Staphos – Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning.
John Faraci: Hey, Chip. Welcome back.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Oh, thank you. First question is, very impressive box prize realizations you’ve pointed out, what I was going to ask you about. And could you talk a little bit about how, number one, you we're able to keep your box prices actually at a higher level sequentially? Is there a sort of a lag we should look at relative to, say some of the published pricing for liner board?
Carol Roberts: Chip, let me answer the first one. I think it's really a combination of things. One is, some of the business that we don't have anymore was not running particularly well, so that is a help in of itself. So while we may have lost some business, it wasn’t generating very good profitability. On the second piece, we implemented some increases that we had negotiated in the early – in the fall time frame in the first quarter. We did those in January. And we just continue to push our mix so I think it’s very real as real box price due to the mix in the portfolio of the business we have.
John Faraci: Chip, I don’t think we’re in, from my perspective, we’re not selling boxes at above market prices. As Carol said we’ve gotten some business. We couldn’t get the market. Somebody else has got now. And business that wasn’t at market – we were able to get our customers to market. But we’re in the market everyday so we’re not selling above market price talk.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: In what proportion roughly would you say of your domestic box sales are tied to one of the published prices for board?
Carol Roberts: That’s an easy answer. A lot.
John Faraci: Too much.
Carol Roberts: Just a fair amount. We have some mixed view obviously here, even at IP around that. Some of the bigger customers where you need something to help stoke strong their businesses, we have a fair amount. You would expect the national business would be heavily tied to that. And we’re the local business, it’s very much less so.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the last question is, on my math when I stripped out all the one-time items, I’m getting about a 46% tax rate. I don’t know if your numbers agree with that for the first quarter. And that to me would suggest that you probably expect the rest of the year to see proportionately a little better outside the US, and a little bit not as much from the US. Is that fair?
Tim Nicholls: I don’t know the 46%, Chip. We had a 33% ETR for the quarter.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Yes. Basically at $70 million pre-tax and when you take out the charges, and $32 million of tax expense when you take out all the tax effects. But I guess in general do you expect to see, relative to the first quarter, better proportions from outside the US versus inside the US?
Tim Nicholls: I think our crystal ball is pretty fuzzy on how we see things really all around the world. Any place I felt I got some clarity is in China. And it’s a relatively – it’s a big business. It’s a billion dollar business, but it’s relatively small in the context of international paper. But we feel pretty good at how we see demand in over the next two or three quarters there.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: And a final quick one. Ilim, obviously you have a lag reporting of that. Any sign there that in real time that business is stabilizing and therefore we might see, maybe better stable or maybe better results later in the year?
John Faraci: Importantly, remember 65% to 70% of Ilim sales are export and China accounts for probably 80% of that 70%. So demand for pulp in China is firmed up. It came back after Chinese New Year. Prices are still low. They’ve moved – I think soft wood prices have moved up a bit. But they’re still way below where they were six months ago. Demand there is, right now, is better than it was. The Russian economy is still quite weak as all of you know, but Ilim’s got more exposure to the export market and the Russian domestic market than our paper business in (inaudible) has gotten more exposure in the Russian domestic market.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: So probably what you report in the third quarter will hopefully be better than the second quarter for that?
John Faraci: Well, what’s really clean is the financing side of Ilim, not the commercial side on a quarterly basis. And with our – a lot of Ilim’s debt being US dollar denominated, a weakening ruble just increases the rubles at the door.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Thank you. First, if I could on the Container Board system. How much savings would there be if you were to shut a facility? Obviously at this point, if you’re running 70%, you don’t need anywhere near all the capacity. And I understand it’s complicated in the decision making process because you’ve got to think about the future as well. But how much savings would there be if you were to take out a mill, on an annual basis?
John Faraci: Carol, you want to answer that?
Carol Roberts: Mark, I would say that if you had spent on the mill and to take an integrated mill, it’s got most of the heaviest fixed costs to run this thing. I would say that the price of eliminating about $50 million of fixed costs that go with that capacity.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay.
John Faraci: Recycled mills would be a little less.
Carol Roberts: It would be a lot less.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. So $20 million or so for recycle, $30 million?
Carol Roberts: Yes. It’s probably more like $15 million to $20 million since we’re not taking care of that back end so most of that profit’s coming in, the bail of the OCC – bailed OCC. So it’s a much smaller price from fixed costing.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. Great. Second, you’re buying about 15 or 18 MMBtu of gas each quarter billion. Was much of that hedged in the first quarter, and if so at what prices?
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Mark. It’s Tim. We’re hedged about 40% to 45% for all of 2009. And it’s closer to $8.00 in MMBtu. The hedge price.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. But it’s fairly steady from quarter-to-quarter or are we going to see a nice improvement as the year goes on as it hedges from earlier in the year roll off?
Tim Nicholls: It’s pretty steady throughout the year.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay.
John Faraci: But we’ll see if you think about 2010. You’ll see a meaningful improvement in our gas cost as we go forward. If you just take the run rate and blow that out.
Mark Weintraub -Buckingham Research: Right. So are you putting in hedges right now for 2010 at these types of price levels?
Tim Nicholls: Yes.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. So we can pencil those in. And then on the black liquor, what’s your level? It would seem to be high, but what’s your level of confidence that you get to keep all the credits through the end of 2009? Are there prospects for anything in the years beyond?
John Faraci: I’m not going to try to be expert on what’s going to happen, how it’s going to happen. There are lots of discussions going on about leveling the playing field for producers of renewable power going forward in international papers than engage in that discussion. So whether it’s some kind of modified extension of what we got or no modification or something totally different, like Section 45 fuel credits. What we want to do and what the industry wants to do is get recognition for being one of the biggest users of alternative fuels and generators among industry, which I think we’ve kind of got that issue on the radar screen now. So I don’t want to speculate that the law that was passed by Congress expires at the end of the year. And at this point in time, nothing has changed.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay, great. And then lastly, you’ve obviously acted really boldly in many of your businesses and it’s showing off in your container board and your white paper business in much better resilience than maybe most people would’ve expected had we be thinking about it a couple of years ago. That doesn’t seem yet to be translating as much in the consumer packaging business. Any thoughts there?
John Faraci: Well, one of the things that we had in consumer packaging that we also inherited with Weyerhaeuser is with hind sight, a bunch of pricing decisions we probably thought were the competitive ones at that time, but didn’t turn out to be that way. That’s one issue. We also had real structural change in the packaging side, the short width side of consumer packaging with the rapid decline in music, the collapse of home entertainment margins and basically, the shift of a huge chunk of our business out in North America. Mike Balduino is here. I’ll just ask him to make a brief comment, he runs our consumer packaging business, about our footprint in Sherwood, North America facilities three years ago versus now.
Mike Balduino: Over the last three years we’ve reduced our costs in North America, probably about half as many plants as we did in that period. Our customers have exited North America so the focus is really a tremendous amount of overhead reduction and costing per minute. And as John said, on the coated paper board side we worked really hard to exit ourselves from some of those contracts and that’s why we saw price improvement in the first quarter, because we did a very poor job at recovering our input costs last year. So both of those things I figured have contributed to improved margins as we go forward.
John Faraci: There’s no part in our business Mark, that’s seen a bigger shift in terms of cost rebates from inside North America to outside North America other than consumer packaging now. It’s been tobacco. It’s been cosmetics, all the consumer products, golf balls. Now we’ve been following our customers. We’ve got a joint venture in Mexico that’s engaged in tobacco. We’ve got a number of plants in Asia which are doing golf ball packaging and tobacco. But that’s been costly and it’s taking a lot of readable sales space.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly [ph] of Sterne, Agee
Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee: Thank you. Just a couple of quick things. John, a clarification. With respect to CapEx, if you go back to your original 2009 estimate is it safe to say that most of the reduction in the CapEx estimate is related to Weyerhaeuser?
John Faraci: I don’t think so, Mark. I’ll also say, welcome back before I forget. We’re taking $100 million out of CapEx from our original target. And I don’t think that’s all liable on Weyerhaeuser. I think that’s all around the system. We just figured out jobs, we – it just started. We’re slowing down or stopping.
Mark Connelly Sterne, Agee: Is it more likely North American than overseas?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, Mark. A big portion of it is North American.
Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee: Okay.
John Faraci:
W:
Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee: And just one question, John. You mentioned the Brazil machine startup. Can you talk about the conditions that that machine is facing? And whether we’re going to see a normal – what will happen?
John Faraci: It’s running very well, as all these machines do when the demand is down…
Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee: When the demand is down. Exactly.
John Faraci: And what we’re doing is – the markets in Latin America are showing better demand than markets in the more mature world. Pricing is lousy, but demand is okay. So we’re shifting around. We export about 50% of what we make in Brazil, and that’s going all over the world. So operation is going really well. We got a great pulp price because remember, we’re not integrated there. So we’re getting pulp from our pulp supplier at very, very competitive prices which is allowing us to be profitable on that machine even at today’s export pricing.
Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee: Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Operator: Your last question comes from Peter Ruschmeier of Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Thanks, good morning. And congratulations on that progress. A couple of questions, I’m curious, maybe a question for Carol, given the alternative fuel credit, I’m curious on how much ability you have to flex your operations your virgin output, reduce and recycle line and board output just to take maximum advantage of your credit?
Carol Roberts: As I’ve told you, obviously it were doing our direct (inaudible) that’s definitely a factor that we look at. You might be surprised, you might think it would create a significant swing in how we would run, and it would really more of a tweak than a significant shift. And that comes from other issues relative to gray, freight, and other variables. So I would say it has not caused a wild shift in how we intended to run more of those adjustments.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay. And question for Tim on a cash payment, I’m curious? If you can speak to the timing of the cash tax payment you would have on the credits themselves?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, we have an NLL position that will offset a large portion of that. So I don’t see a material change in cash taxes for 2009.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay, helpful. And then a question maybe again for Carol. I’m curious of the 20,000 some odd employees. I don’t know if you know off the top of your head that the breakdown between salary and hourly. And I guess the reason I’m asking, I’m curious to degree of what you have ability to flex your workforce if you have sustained market-related downtime just to minimize that fixed cost of the labor?
Carol Roberts: Well, I would say that it’s been three buckets of people. We’ve had a fair number of salary. About a third of the folks has been salary folks, and we did that very quickly and very aggressively. There’s a large group of folks that came from rationalizations, and that’s a big chunk. A piece that we found but we didn’t expect, was we found higher staffing levels in the box plat than our own box plant, and attribute to the CBPR Weyerhaeuser legacy managers. They’d stepped up to that and they addressed those issues. So we have some significant reductions that were not related to the volume. And I should expect the box plant for a lot more flexible handling work force storing kind of low volume. But each one is a little bit different and unique, but we’ve been able to handle that.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. Maybe just lastly, I’m curious, maybe for John. Back on Ilim, I’m curious on the trends that you’re seeing for fiber costs in Russia? I would think they’re coming down but maybe you can comment on that. And any color you may have and be willing to share in terms of the export duty situation that was put on hold this year?
John Faraci: Well, fiber costs are coming down for a variety of reasons. One is, demand is weak. Second is the mill that we’ve made some investments and some forest productivity which is paying off. And the export duties – they’re not going in as fast as we thought. But whatever is going on there – it’s different in the East than it is in the West – in helping our fiber cost. But there’s some other things like demand and forest productivity and rearranging leases. We’re looking at how we can redo our concessions to improve our logistics with a big chunk of our wood cost in Russia is kind of off. So redoing our concessions at this time when we can to get wood both at Ilim and (inaudible), closer to home has a big impact.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Very good. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
John Faraci: Okay. Thank you everybody. Before we wrap up, I would just like to remind you of our Investors’ Day, June 9th in New York City. Hopefully you all got that information as to where and when. It‘s going to be a half day meeting. We’ll be providing updates on our key businesses and our financial position, and it will give us a chance to visit with more detail, more depth, before we talk about the second quarter at the end of July. So we look forward to that day and thanks for participating in today’s call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s first quarter 2009 earnings review conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Cleves - Vice President, Investor Relations John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan George Staphos - Bank of America Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Gail Glazerman - UBS Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter and 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Cleves, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Cleves: Thanks Amanda. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining our fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. This call is also being webcast. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP measures is available on our website at internationalpaper.com. Our website also contains copies of the fourth quarter 2008 earnings press release and today's presentation slide. I'll now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks Tom. And good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us today. Today Tim Nicholls and I are going to review our fourth quarter and full year 2008 results. We will talk about the performance of our individual businesses and we'll also discuss our first quarter 2009 outlook. Turning the first slide here, in 2008 was a year of two distinct periods, I think for our economy, for certainly for our industry and certainly for International Paper. And during the first three quarters of the year, business conditions were soft, but they were steady, container board and box volumes were down slightly from prior year levels as were uncoated freesheet shipments. Market downtime was minimal and prices were increasing for key grades. Input costs were also going up however. We offset a portion of these cost increases with selling prices and solid operations during that period of time. As we discussed in our third quarter call at the end of October, the world did indeed change and it changed in a hurry and it changed fast, and I went back and look at my notes in that call, I said we... I thought we were going to be shocked at how weak the fourth quarter will be, and now the fourth quarter is over and it's not a shock but it's reality. U.S. economic activity contracted significantly and we experienced dramatic declines in demand for market pulp, uncoated freesheet and corrugated boxes. Our global pulp demand also declined significantly as inventories build. And paper and containerboard prices continue to rise but demands fell off sharply. So given our ongoing commitment to balancing our production with our customers needs, we took 1 million tons of lack of order downtime during the fourth quarter, more than we've ever taken. We took most of it in our containerboard system, which we'll show you in a minute. Fortunately input cost also peaked in the fourth quarter and began to decline with prices for energy, OCC, transportation and wood falling at the end of the year, some faster than others, but the world -- the year where it wasn't a tail of two years. So turning to next slide, despite the severe and unfavorable fourth quarter business conditions, we posted solid earnings for the full year and record free cash flow. And I think as we'll show you a little bit later. We have strong cash flow continuing into the fourth quarter. But for the full year it was an all time record for International Paper. Our 2008 sales increased 13% to almost $25 billion. EBITDA increased 8% to 3 billion. And 2008 free cash flow increased by $1 billion or 160%. Fourth quarter earnings were $0.21 a share, 70% decrease from the fourth quarter of 2007, but despite this year-end decrease, full year earnings were just about little over $2, a decrease of 9% from 2007 and the second best year we've had some 2000. The chart in slide six shows the increase of our earnings per share since 2005. And I think it's pretty clear we made significant progress and increase our earnings but the important point I want to highlight here is I think we've also made a lot of progress improving the quality of those earnings. In 2005 more than half of our earnings were from forest, forest resources sales that included land sales, and over the four year period the percentage of earnings from our forest resources has decreased steadily. In 2008 it was less than 25% of our operating profits, and that included the large gas sale that we did in the third quarter. Turning to input cost; input cost are still big issue for the full year, although they were declining at the end of the year. Input cost were up over $800 million, $1.38 per share higher than 2007. Both chemical and energy prices increased by more than a quarter of $1 billion, and we also experienced a record increases in fiber and freight cost. And as I said, fortunately, cost from the realities inputs began to decrease some substantially during the fourth quarter. So this next slide here is got a lot of information on it, but it's meant to show you how we've been responding to the economic contraction. And we got... I think we got out ahead of this, we didn't start thinking about what to do in September, October, we were meeting at April saying that; business conditions weren't getting better, none of us thought they're going to get it better as they got, but we're putting actions in the place then. We accelerate our efforts starting back in April to reduce our operating and overhead cost to generate cash and enhance our liquidity. In each of our manufacturing businesses, we reduced our production to meet lower customer demands by taking lack of order downtime or by making permanent past deep impairments, and you could see in that column on left there, I am not going to read all those capacity curtailments, but they've been significant, and they comminuted at the end of the year by taking 1 million tons of downtime in the fourth quarter. We accelerated our efforts to reduce our overhead expenses resulting in $100 million reduction on a year-over-year basis. That means our overhead costs were down year-over-year, it kind of net out the impact of Weyerhaeuser. And since June of 2008, we've eliminated 4400 positions in the company or 5% of our total head count. Then we anticipated eliminating another 3000 positions for a total head count reduction of more than 10% by the end of 2009. Up early in the year, we implemented a higher increase and a salary freeze that will save about $50 million in costs. And we also have changed our executive compensation plans for 2009 which will result in about a 50% reduction... up to a 50% reduction in total compensation to senior executives. In 2008, we've generated more than $300 million in cash, from sales of non-strategic assets. This is in addition to our ongoing land sales or over as I pointed out land sales are becoming smaller and smaller portion of our earnings and our EBITDA. We also reduced our capital spending by $300 million in 2008 and we reduced 2009 spending by another $300 million to put our capital spending for 2009 at about $700 million. And we'll come back and talk about that, but I would say that level we're still able to maintain our facilities in the kind of shape we need to have then they're going to run well when they are running. We also preserved another $50 million of cash in 2009, by matching our employee for one of key contributions with company stock rather than cash. And finally, we've extended our accounts receivables securitization program which at this point we've drawn nothing on through January of 2010, and we intend to broaden this program in the U.S. and Europe. This bridge chart here and since the last chart I have before I turn it over to Tim. I'll just quantify, I think it mentions the progress of our continuing efforts to increase and play productivity, right size our footprint fewer, bigger, better facilities and to look for all the opportunities around the company to take cost out and show you what's happened on the people side. So starting unless than and 2000 we had a 113,000 employees in International Paper. 37,000 less to company through disposition to net of acquisitions other than Weyerhaeuser over that period of time. Another 25,000 came out in just ongoing head count reductions. So we came into June of 2008 with 66,000 employees worldwide, excluding the Ilim joint venture and including Weyerhaeuser. Since then we've reduced our head count by about 4400. So we ended up the year with 62,000 employees and as I said another 3000 to go. So, just trying to looking at revenue per employee, it's gone up by 60% during that period of time. And I don't think we're finished, I think International Paper will continue to find ways to get more done with less. So now I'll turn it over to Tim to comment in more detail about the fourth quarter and full year results, and then we'll comeback to talk about the first quarter of 2009 and take your questions.
Tim S. Nicholls: Okay. Thanks John, and good morning everyone. Slide 10 contains the bridge between our 2007 earnings of $2.22 per share and 2008 earnings of $2.01 per share. The impact of higher selling prices and improvements in cost mix increased earnings by $1.51. But this was largely offset by $1.38 impact of increased input cost. Improvements in cost to mix added $0.59 to earnings and the impact of volume declines were significant but partially offset by the CBPR volume. Interest expense increased by $0.31 per share and forest earnings decreased by $0.08 per share. On slide 11, you see fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.21 versus the 69 in the fourth quarter of 2007. Fourth quarter earnings from Forest Products was $0.07 versus 28 in 2007. By the end of the third quarter instead of the economic conditions in North America has changed dramatically. As John mentioned with demand for boards additional boxes, uncoated freesheet market fall from in significant declines. We responded to these rapid changes by setting production to lower demand levels in order to avoid building excess inventories and accelerated the cost reduction programs that John was mentioning just few minutes ago. And cash flow remains our top priority. On slide 12, see to the improvements in price and cost mix increased in the fourth quarter and its about $0.44 combined. These gains were more than offset by lower shipment volumes with reduced earnings by $0.27. Higher input cost decreased earnings by $0.30 and higher interest expense decreased earnings by 17. On slide 13, we've got a chart for lack of order downtime, and I think you can see that we remained committed to matching our production to our customers needs. In order to maintain this balance lack of order downtime in 2008 was about 5% of our total global manufacturing capacity and then the fourth quarter it was approaching 20%. During the fourth quarter, we took 700,000 tons of lack of order downtime in the North American container board business. We shutdown the number of free machine and our value in Oklahoma mill and definitely and also shutdown the number two machine, at our all the new Oregon mill for an extended period. We also closed five corrugated packaging plans in the fourth quarter and since then we've announced the closure of another four. We took 120,000 tons of market downtime in the North American market pulp business and implemented the permanent shutdown of our Louisiana mill. We recorded a 130,000 tons of downtime in the North American uncoated freesheet business, and implemented the permanent shutdown of the number three machine at our Franklin Virginia mill. And announced the strategic review of the non-integrated mill in Scotland. Now, I'll turn it to the segment from slide 14. Starting with industrial packaging, earnings increased from a 109 million to a 145 million reflecting the improvements in pricing cost mix. The Vicksburg mill business interruption and property insurance proceeds and the additional earnings from CBPR asset. And I'll just make a note here while we're showing the impact of Vicksburg in the fourth quarter for the full year including the insurance recoveries and the disruption to production. The impact of Vicksburg on earnings in 2008 was essentially neutral. Let me turn to synergies on slide 15. In 2008, we achieved 70 million in synergies which was ahead of our $50 million goal. We achieved these savings by shutting down the paper machine and poor box plants, optimizing the mill system by reducing head count by 2200 position. Our synergy goal for 2009 is an incremental 265 million. So by the end of 2009, we would have captured 335 million of the synergy target. And at the moment, we remained very confident that we'll achieve the three year $400 million target as we've previously discussed. On slide 16, turn to Printing Papers. Printing Papers earnings for the fourth quarter were 113 million. Uncoated freesheet earnings of 153 million were reduced by a $40 million loss in market pulp. Input cost increased by 79 million and lower shipment volumes decreased earnings by 82 million. Selling price increases improved earnings by 62 million and cost mix improvements increased earnings by 58 million. Turing to consumer packaging, earnings declined to 1 million. Higher selling prices contributed 32 million, but we're more than offset by 37 million and increased input cost and 6 million in reduced volume. Improvements in cost mix added 14 to earnings, while other items including $12 million revaluation of pulp inventories at our strong joint-venture reduced earnings by 17 million. On slide 18; xpedx's year-over-year earnings declined 7% to 26 million. Fourth quarter sales revenues dropped by 5% to 1.9 billion reflecting a significant slowdown in demand for Printing Papers and packaging supplies, and we're really offset by growth in our national account sales for the significant portion. We continued to focus on reducing operating cost by combining facilities, shutting down 10 unprofitable retail paper stores and eliminating nearly a 100 positions in the quarter. And in 2008, we eliminated a net number of 275 positions which will save us approximately 17 million on an annual basis. Forest Products earnings from the next slide were down 38 million... were 38 million down from a 171 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. We sold 30,000 acres in the fourth quarter in an average price of $2100 per acre. And at the end of 2008, we have about 200,000 acres remaining in our land portfolio with an estimated value of up to about 300 million. So, that our Ilim joint-venture were flat relative to the prior quarter. Earnings decline by 5 million, reflecting the decline in pulp and paper selling prices. And the fourth quarter received a $62 million cash dividend from the Ilim joint-venture. Now, turn to capital expenditures, in 2008 we reduced our total capital spending by 300 million, and in 2009, we will reduce capital spending by another 300 million to be at 700 million for the year. 80% of the CapEx in 2009 will be for maintenance regulatory and cost reductions. The remaining 20% is really for the completion of strategic projects that started in 2008. Turning to cash flow; in 2009 cash generated by continuing operations to 2.7 billion or 35% increase from 2007. Despite the economy in the fourth quarter, we actually generated 500 million in free cash flow during the quarter. And for the full year, free cash flow increased to 1.7 billion or about 2.5 times the '07 levels and an all time record for International Paper. Turning to liquidity; the strong free cash flow enhanced our liquidity position. Year-end we had 3.6 billion in cash and committed backup facility. As John mentioned, last week we renewed our 1 billion accounts receivable securitization program primarily intended to increase the size of the program overtime to take account of the Weyerhaeuser receivables, and we're currently looking at establishing receivables facility in Europe as well. Debt maturities on slide 24, shows our near-term maturities by quarter. In 2009, maturities are roughly equal to the cash that we had on hand at the start of the year, and this month, we retired first quarter debt of 362 million using cash on hand, and we're currently in very active discussions with our key relationship banks to renew the year old loan that expires in the third quarter of this year. On slide 25; you see that we have already reduced our debt levels on a pro-forma basis by about billion dollars within the first six months of the Weyerhaeuser packaging asset acquisition. At the time of the acquisition, we committed to paying down at least 1.5 billion or 2 billion within two years, and we remained committed to paying down at least an additional 500 to 1 billion within the next 18 months. Now few comments on the pension plan. In 2008, the market value of our plan assets declined by 23% 6.1 billion. At year end, our pension benefit obligation was 9.3 billion, that was because of our... because in 2008 our funded level exceeded 100%, we made... in fact we made a $1 billion voluntary contribution to the plan in 2006, we have a credit balance and therefore will not be required to make any cash contributions through our pension plans in 2009. And in the appendix of today's presentation there is more information about pension expense for 2009. During the fourth quarter, on slide 27, we performed our annual goodwill review, and our initial announces indicated that we have a goodwill impairment in our Coated Paperboard and Printing and Communication businesses. We looked at the coated paper business and had recent valuation work that was performed in 2006 that we were able to use, and we've determined that the full amount of the goodwill will be impaired and booked in the fourth quarter of 2008 for a total charge of 438 million. We're now in the process conducting a similar review for our Printing and Communications papers business and that review will be completed by the end of the first quarter, and it could result in an additional impairment charge of up to 1.3 billion. Finally, on slide 28, we have a summary of our special items for the fourth quarter, they do include the goodwill impairments that I just mentioned, shutdown cost charges for overhead reduction efforts and in one-time acquisition cost related to CBPR acquisition. So with that I'll turn it back over to John, for our first quarter outlook and summary.
John V. Faraci: Yeah, thanks Tim. Let me just a take minute here before we go to your questions and talk about the quarter. Looking ahead of the first quarter, with respect to selling prices, we expect uncoated freesheet and containerboard to be under some pressure, as a result of what's going on the demand side. However, I'd say inventories are in very good shape and we were pretty pleased with how we came out of the year in terms of pricing. We expect market price... market pulp prices to continue to be weak, because inventories as everybody knows, global inventories are out of balance, and until it gets back into balance its likely that prices aren't going to recover. Our freesheet and board prices are expected to increase, and that reflects the implementation of renegotiated contracts. So those increases are already in place into the renegotiate of those contracts which have been completed. On the volume side, we expect U.S. and European demand for paper to be similar to fourth quarter levels. It was weaker in North America than it was in Europe, but we expect both to kind of stay at about the same level. We may see some improvement in demand. January shipments indicate that December made in the low point, but I'd say think about the first quarter, comparable to fourth quarter, because December was certainly the weakest month in the fourth quarter for us. We also expect uncoated freesheet depreciate demand in Brazil to be seasonally weaker as typically as in plenty time of the year. And global demand for market pulp is expected to be again at about fourth quarter levels at very low pricing. Demand for industrial and consumer packaging, and I'd see here North America is expected to be about the same as the fourth quarter demand from what we can see. We're going to continue to match our production to customer demand. We do expect overall input cost to continue to decline, and in some cases like OCC, they may not be able to decline much more because they're already down to about collection levels... collection cost levels. We do expect energy prices though in Europe and in Brazil to increase but by enlarge I think we'll get some more tailwinds a little more cushion on the input cost side in the first quarter relative to fourth quarter. Our first quarter earnings in North America are going to reflect the increase in maintenance average cost in North America, while average cost in Europe and Brazil will remain flat. That's probably good news because we're going to take outages we might as well take in at a point in time when demand is pretty weak and that's the first quarter. So overall, we expect earnings in our operating businesses that excluding forest resources to be less than fourth quarter earnings. Now how much less is good question, I think that's... that's one that's almost impossible to answer because its going be a function of the downtime we take, the pricing we see, input, cost and more significantly just what demand levels are. Equity earnings from our Ilim joint venture will also be less than fourth quarter earnings, primarily due to weaker demand and reduced selling prices because most of that product is going to China and it's market pulp. And you will have an unfavorable foreign exchange impact. So in summary, I'd say everything about 2009 looks a little hard to correlate now even including the first quarter. So we're going to take it one step at a time, but I would say 2008 was a year of significant volatile and contracting forces. We absorbed unprecedented input cost headwinds, and then when input cost started to subside, we were hit with severe demand declines in New Year end and I think we manage those very well. Despite those significant unfavorable factors, we generated record free cash flow in International Paper. And I'm also pleased with the rapid and efficient integration of Weyerhaeuser packaging assets into our industrial packaging business. That's gone very, very smoothly and as Tim said, we're getting more merger benefits faster, the organization is functioning as one organization. And I was out visiting some of our Box Plants... new Box Plants and customers lastly in Southern California and very pleased with what I saw. So, one other think I just want to comment on, before we go to question, question-and-answer session... section, is we decided to postpone our investor day that we had scheduled for February until June 9th. When we schedule that in investor day, the primary purpose and that was right after the Weyerhaeuser acquisition was to talk about the Weyerhaeuser acquisition. The world's changed since then and I think you'd like to hear us talk about Weyerhaeuser everybody does like to hear us talk about all of International Paper. So, we are going to do that at a later date and we'll be talking about of both those topics. So let me just wrap up and say the year was a tough year but it was a record year for us in a cash flow basis, and I think the really important point that I want to emphasize is we generated $500 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter, and that was the toughest quarter that we had from a demand standpoint. I think we dealt with record input cost inflation and a severe demand decline in fourth quarter. There were strong earning headwinds. We did a lot and have to solidify our liquidity and go into this tough downturn in very solid shape. And I'm convinced we're going to come out of it in solid shape as well whenever that happens and it will happen its just a matter of time. So let me stop right there and turn it back to you Tom, and start the question-and-answer period.
Tom Cleves: Thanks John, and thank you Tim, Amanda we're ready for our first question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Claudia Hueston with JP Morgan.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Morning.
John Faraci: Hi, Claudia.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Thank you very much. How are you? Just a couple of questions. What I thought you... free cash flow is obviously stronger than we expected in 2008 and I think working capital was a lot better as well. I just wondered how much more can you get out of working capital and how you're thinking about that for 2009?
John Faraci: I think we've got a big apples uptick on the working capital side with the Weyerhaeuser acquisition. That really didn't have any impact on the 2008 results Claudia. So, that's real opportunity for us probably a couple hundred million dollars there. In addition to working on the other side of the equation which is rest of International Paper.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. Okay, thanks. And then just with your guidance around the corporate items for 2009, I think you said it in the appendix that this 250 million. Can you just maybe breakout what is pension allocation and then maybe what are the pension goes into the segments. And then what else may be driving corporate higher, if there is anything else there?
Tim Nicholls: Most of it is pension related, the only thing that we allocate up to the business is on the pension side quality or the service cost, and we choose to take everything else so you can keep it in corporate.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. So most of the year-over-year increase in corporate is because of the pension, then?
Tim Nicholls: Essentially, all of it.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. And then just on the consumer packaging business, where mostly...
John Faraci: That's all non-cash as well.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Yes. Just on the consumer packaging piece, it was most of the weakness in that business the result of this pulp inventory adjustment that you made in Asia or is there something else going on there?
Tim Nicholls: Yes, that was the big piece of the quality. It was about 12 million of impact for the revaluation of the inventories in the joint-venture.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. And what else are you seeing in that business, just in general?
John Faraci: Yes, I'll take that piece, Claudia. We really need to divide the economy in China in two pieces. The part of the economy is that export oriented that's in shipping product out of China, a lot of coming to North America. And the part that is serving the Chinese domestic market. And the export piece as softened a lot more then the domestic piece. Most of our business is on the domestic side. And we don't do a lot of export oriented business and almost all of that is sold into the domestic market. So, the issue there is, we got some additional capacity now in the market that is slowed as GDP growth is gone from 12 for 6. So, for China they call that a recession, we've like 5 or 6% GDP growth, probably anywhere else in the world right now. So I guess the bottom-line is, the market slowed and the export market slowed more than domestic market, and most of our packaging business there. I mean most of... more than 50% of it is for the domestic market.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. And then what are you seeing in your U.S. consumer business?
John Faraci: Its better than on the board side, its better than containerboard and print papers. Its down 3% which... I guess on relative basis feels pretty good. And then it depends on the segment. We improved service and its been pretty strong, the tobacco is been weak, as customers really move from North America to offshore, home entertainment was actually okay, and it rolled into the map on the consumer side. Pulp has been weak, here (ph) color is been strong, stronger.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
John Faraci: A lot of that goes into the food segment. So it's little bit better than containerboard. And frankly, if you look at the containerboard in business or boxes and segmented the food size its been okay. It's been the durable side, it been the weakest and very, very weak.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning.
John Faraci: Hi, George.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, George.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Congratulations on the cash, very good performance guys. I guess, first...
John Faraci: Because at the end of the day that's all that matters.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Ultimately, that's right. Now, in terms of matters at hand; the Ilim dividend of $60 million. Could you remind us what was behind that, and is there possible to get more cash from Ilim over the next year or two?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I think there will be, but it'll depend on the performance of the business and factors for the markets that they serve, George. So, we take that as it comes, we look at dividends pretty much on an annual basis. So 62 million in the fourth quarter of this year and probably the third or fourth quarter of '09 before it's revisited.
John Faraci: George, the joint-venture agreement provides for annual dividend of payments that are obviously a function of... the Boards got to decide to make those payments, but the joint-venture has that in there. And then you recall, Ilim sold the business late last year and that generated a good chunk of cash, and much of that was kept in the business. And they could decide to dividend some of that out at a later date or not.
George Staphos - Bank of America: I had forgotten that. Thanks, John. Now in terms of the outlook for the first quarter, realize a lot of unpredictable is here. Synergy from Weyerhaeuser, there seems to be going well for you. And, I guess I'm wondering why that might not be enough to at least key your operations burnings ex Forest Products. Why is it just the function of volume for now absorbing that synergy gain that you're getting out of Weyerhaeuser?
John Faraci: I mean that's exactly right George. There's so many moving parts that if you just look at anyone and say this is the plus and everything else hold confident, you can talk yourself into saying yeah, yeah operating profits could be up. As input cost comedown with the... input cost comedown more merger benefits. We did have some cash coming in from Vicksburg in the fourth quarter about $30 million, but at the end of day, if we see January and February turn out to be more like December than October, its going to offset all that stuff and maybe more.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay, fair enough. In terms of again cash flow and there being lots of unpredictable items obviously you folks on the right things but with the trends that we're seeing with higher interest expense is it possible that first quarter earnings could be closer to breakeven than the current run rate that you saw on the fourth quarter?
John Faraci: I'm just not going to make the forecast, George. We don't... as you know, we don't give guidance and we don't give forecast so.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay, understand. And then the last one I'll turn over. Tim in terms of pension funding again I realize a lot of this will be predictive driven by I should say the returns you'll see this year in every markets and I'm not sure anyone can predict that right now. But if you hit your expected return in 2010, and in 2009 what kind of funding would you have in 2010 or would you have some credits still build up that would push off any funding requirement. Thanks guys.
Tim Nicholls: Thanks George, well on the pension front there is a lot of moving pieces there too as you know in terms of how we choose to value the assets than what we choose to do with the credit balance. So I don't want to speculate on what might happen in 2010, then I think the important point for 2009 is that we're not required to make cash contribution. And what see where we are at this time next year.
John Faraci: Yeah I would add to that I was in Washington yesterday on the health, and I wouldn't be surprised to see some pension funding relief legislation come up before the end of the year and get passed. So I think there is another piece... is this... in a static world what happens well this isn't static, but also I think the strong possibility of some legislative changes to provide a longer ramp period to deal with what we think or one-time events.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Well, I think that would make a lot of sense given how close cyclical would be, but we'll leave that to the side for now. All right guys. Thanks very much, I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Just a couple of questions, first John across the businesses have you seen, you mentioned that maybe January might be kind of flattish with December on demand. Can you just elaborate a little bit more about what you're seeing on the demand front in January specifically in corrugated?
John Faraci: Well it happened to have a Bill Harley (ph) sitting here. He runs our box business, so may be I'll let him talk about what he sees going on in January.
Unidentified Analyst: Well in comparison to December if January volumes are stronger than December but you all have to remember that the holidays in the last couple of weeks of December had a significant impact on shipments. We're seeing that the December may have been close to a bottoming out period for us and it's slightly stronger going into January and February.
John Faraci: We had gone on their Rick as, not we, but I think the industry is and inventory correction and so, if you look at sort of what's going on in December, I think you're going to have demand falling in excess of the underlying demand levels that people work off inventories everywhere, and try to manage tighter for cash. And so as we get to the end of the quarter whatever that inventory liquidation was, it'll be complete and we'll have a better picture what underlying demand looks like. But it is good news to hear that the box business is little bit better than was in December and I think the same is true in printing paper shipments.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just a couple of... one clarification then another question. Just Vicksburg, did it run full in the quarter plus you had 33 million or Vicksburg started up in November, and you had the 33 million of insurance recovery. And then the second question, given the sort of where demand is now. John do you see any need to permanently close any additional capacity or do you feel like it's just a cyclical downturn, destocking that we're in and things get back a little bit more normal as we move through the year or in 2010.
John Faraci: While the 33, (ph) the answer to your question is, roughly $30 million if we talk about Vicksburg. That was an insurance proceeds. And Vicksburg did run in the quarter. Nothing ran fall that I can see in industrial packaging, we are at there, everything was up and down during the quarter because we took 700,000 tons plus of downtime.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay.
John Faraci: In terms of the footprint going forward, that's an issue we're going to deal with, and I think what you see is International Paper is willing to make tough calls whether its downtime, because we think that's... the economics are right for International Paper or permanently on the footprint side, we'll do that. So, we feel that we need to take down a facility to match our footprint to what we think ongoing underline demand is, we'll do that.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher John (ph) with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, thanks. Good morning guys.
Tim Nicholls: Good morning, Chris.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just wondering if you could give us some guidance about what's going to happen in 1Q in terms of non-operating item. It seems likely that pension expense is going to go up, but I am wondering what might happen with other corporate items and also what might happen with in terms of plan sales?
Tim Nicholls: Well, Chris, as you know we don't forecast. I think we've spotted in the pension number and obviously the pension expense is going to be up for the full year, so it'll have, have its impact in the quarter. Land sales; I think given this market and the amount of volatility and uncertainty there, we're just not making forecast and we did in last year either, quarter-by-quarter we're taking it as it comes.
John Faraci: And, the pick of it, you were at a tail of land sales, I mean that's winding down, so that's not a need of moving number as International Paper going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, okay. How about in terms of FX, can you give us an idea of what the impact was on 4Q and what might happen in 1Q if rates stay where they are today?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, quarter-on-quarter and really for the year or two, its about a $20 million negative. At this point, I have no way of forecasting what's going to happen in the first quarter with currency. But, we've seen some negative impacts in our European businesses offset by some positives in Brazil.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then my last question just has to deal with what's going on with caustic soda, I see in your appendix that it finally trended down a little in the last month. Do you see that continuing in January?
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I don't think its going to move dramatically in any kind of big way. But it did, as you noted turned down a little, we'll have to see how it plays out in the first quarter.
John Faraci: You got to think about caustic, because it's a classic example of supply and demand. I mean there is not much caustic getting made because of the byproduct of ethylene which, a lot of that goes into PVC pipe and things housing related. So, its not much of it getting made, even though demand is way off, pricing is going to hold.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks for your helpful, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi. Good morning.
Tim Nicholls: Hi, Gail.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Just wanted to... just check... I am looking at what happened with shareholders equity at the year-end and that you're looking at the further impairment, was there a sort of any impact on any of your debt covenant?
Tim Nicholls: If its a goodwill impairment, no, because we have an exclusion in the calculation for goodwill, Gail. The other big items that we had were the pension charge to OCI, and we have pretty significant moves in our currency translation account. But even the pension piece is excluded from the calculation. So, no we don't see any issues with the covenant.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And maybe following on the question on caustic soda, looking at this on the chart on (ph) what cost those have come down. Would you expect that momentum to continue or is that you saw kind of towards the end of the quarter as good as they get?
John Faraci: Well, what's happening Gail, is the fuel surcharges are coming off, in transportation it's probably a third of our delivered wood cost. So the transportation fees is coming down. The residual side from some mills is getting worse. So we're getting in. Our residual supplies continuing to shrink which means we got to replace that with round wood which means you have to go more miles to get it, but the cost per mile is coming down. And obviously with the follow-up in demand there is less wood getting consumed by everybody, and so that's putting some more supply in the market. So I think we've... we're not going to see the fall off in wood that we saw in OCC, but I think gradually, we should see wood cost comedown unless we have a weather event. But its pretty well connected to energy though to. Because of the fuel surcharges which have gone away.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And I guess this is the last question. We're getting closer to the startup as the new machine in Brazil, and I just wondering if you could remind us of timing and if there is anything we need to think about in terms of startup cost the next quarter or two.
John Faraci: Timing is probably the end of February, middle of the end of February. As the small machine there is not in just... its just a paper machine not a full blown pulp mill, we're getting pulp from DCP remember. We're already running the converting equipment, we've got a good plan in place as you know we've got the Invory (ph) mill in Europe under strategic review that'll be finalized fairly soon. So, I think we've got a good allocation plan for that volume both in Latin America where we're going to sell most of it and that market is still growing in around the world. So I wouldn't think there would be... there is not going to be a big chunk of startup cost on that machine they're going to be materials International Paper.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thank you, and good morning. On slide 34, you provide some real price utilizations for the quarter. I was curious, I didn't see it in the slide deck as curious if you could help us with the December price or better yet the January price. How that compares versus the fourth quarter averages?
Tim Nicholls: We don't talk about price going forward. Did you -- and really I don't think we talked about on a period-by-period basis. So I'm not sure how much help I can be to you but we did see price move up from quarter-to-quarter and certainly over the last year.
John Faraci: We felt pretty good Peter. I was just looking at the month-by-month numbers. We didn't have much price slippage frankly at all in industrial packaging and printing papers during the quarter.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Faraci: Yeah I'd say the exit prices is close to the entry price. So as I suspect there'll be some price leakage in the first quarter given that where demand is, but inventory is also in good shape, so that's a big plus.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. I had a similar question on waste paper. I mean I've got to believe that you're down very, very sharply. Can you share the exit price relative to your average that you paid?
John Faraci: That would be the exit price and OCC in December was lower than the average price. I just don't have the numbers there but it was lower.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, okay. But I assume that you're tracking the index is pretty closely. Is that fair?
John Faraci: Yeah, yes.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, so you can figure that out. Mini question for Tim on the depreciation amortization for the quarter, it was little lower than expected, I just... in light of the first full quarter of Weyerhaeuser contain more business. I just curious if you can share with us any adjustments or considerations in the D&A line.
Tim Nicholls: No not really, I mean you're seeing partial impact, we're estimating the D&A to be about 1.6 billion for 2009 full year.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. All right. And then just lastly, John I'm just curious on if you can elaborate priorities for free cash flow at this time and in particular I'm curious about the dividend which I'm not sure is necessarily a priority in periods of uncertainty, but can you comment on your priorities there?
Tim Nicholls: Well, let me jump in Pete. Top priority is debt reduction, and I think we're well under commitment to taking down the current debt levels over the next 18 months with regards to dividend, we generated 500 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter. We've announced the dividend for the first quarter and at this point we'll take all of these things quarter-by-quarter. So I wouldn't want to speculate on any of the actions that we might take. We're looking at our position and we felt like we came out of the... in the last year in a pretty strong position, all things considered.
John Faraci: And that's an answer that CEO, and the CFO are totally in think on.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Guys thanks very much.
Tim Nicholls: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. Just following up on the dividend question. Even if it's not a question of as to whether or not you can meet the dividend or not, I guess the question would be, is it the preferred use of cash, if the market doesn't seem to be giving you a lot of credit for your dividend. I think at this point in fact the highest yielding... dividend yielding stock in the group which is certainly quite unusual. And might you think it make more sense if you have cash available to be buying back stock as opposed to using it to paying the dividend?
John Faraci: Yeah, that's a fair question, Mark. And I think Tim's answer to the prior question is, the way to think about it. We're taking it one quarter at a time, and we're having those discussions internally and with our Board frequently. But it's a good question.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: And then, totally different topic. I was just curious to hear some of the comments that you're making on December business. So it was particularly in the corrugated business. Couple of your competitors had talked about how December for them had been better than November. And, it sounded like from a demand perspective that was not your experience. And was hoping to get first; a little bit more specificity if possible. And then second, I'm recognizing that you're seeing January is getting better and since this may become a mood issue. But do you think that... are you feeling any additional pressures due to either the Weyerhaeuser inauguration process certainly, while when the Smurfit-Stone transaction took place several years back, there was a lot of loss business that they experienced. And or maybe perhaps relatively your dividend market strategy et cetera. Do you think that that is having any disproportionate hit on your box demand?
John Faraci: I'll let, Bill answer that, since, market seems close to it.
Unidentified Analyst: I am not sure what the other players in the industry add for their experience, what we saw was a really three things that curtail into the year that impacted our volume. We had some plant closures both Weyerhaeuser implemented closures before the acquisition and we announced three in the early part of the quarter. And so there is some impact from that. We also have a mix that maybe slightly more heavily weighted towards durables, building materials and distribution all three of those segments had some inventory corrections of course in December more than others and billing materials is way off. And then we did shed some business both Weyerhaeuser prior to the acquisition and then combined afterwards we did shed some business that wasn't a good fit for International Paper. So we may have been impacted more than the average of the industry.
John Faraci: I'd say on the integrations side, the ability of IP and Weyerhaeuser to put their businesses together very quickly and to do it well was out losing focus on the external market has been superb. So I can't comment on what happened when Smurfit-Stone came together, but I've seen a lot of acquisitions in International Paper and this one has been smoothest and the fastest by far in terms of integration.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Great. Would you also be fair though to say, it looks given the way you reacted on the mill side that despite the weakness in the demand. You probably were actually brining in inventories down during December, where would that be -- and was that significant?
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Mark we did for the quarter, we brought them down by 60,000-70,000 ton.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay great. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your final question comes from Joseph Reagor with John Tumazos.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, it's Shawn (ph). So far this week in some other sectors, new mining and century of Ilim upraised about $2 billion in equity, extra thought for 5 or $6 billion rights issue this morning on London and Freeport-McMoRan filed Monday morning, it was 750 million of equity. All of these companies have businesses I guess it can be tougher than paper business right now except for gold. But they want to pay down debt and fund their losses. Given the growth that you enjoyed with Weyerhaeuser last year, do you think that your equity would be a reasonable way to delever in the current period of uncertainty, and just as in aside, I am a shareholder and I like your dividend.
John Faraci: Well, I guess John, the easy way to answer that question is, anything can be on the table in today's environment and I wouldn't want to... at this point in time speculate on what we might do down the road. But at this point in time, we think what we outline to you is appropriate for the circumstances we're in. And if the circumstances change we'll look at other options. And there is certainly lots of option that we have, and we got more operational options with Weyerhaeuser, really have lots of financial options. I think the important think is, as we ended this with a pretty strong position on the cash flow side and the cash balance side. I guess just wrapping up, since that was the last question. Within the conference call, so for all of this to kind of get to think anytime longer-term in the next quarter and not be more pessimistic than we were last quarter. But I was in Washington yesterday, the others going to be a stimulus package is past that's probably not going to be perfect, but I think its going to help the economy. I think that the new administration is going to do everything they can to unfreeze the credit markets, it won't happen overnight, but I think they will so (ph) and at the end of day there is a lay at the end of the tunnel and its not a train, we just can't see it yet. So, this economy and global economies will improve and when you look beyond all the works you were pretty positive about where international paper is positioned and our ability to manage through this and I think we demonstrated that in the fourth quarter and we may have a couple of more quarters to go through it. So, I think we're well positioned to weather what is a real down in dirty first class recession with a credit freeze layered on top of it, but both in time will pass. So with that I think we'll just wrap it up, I appreciated your calling in and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's fourth quarter and 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Cleves - VP IR John Faraci - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs George Staphos - Bank of America Securities Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Mark Wilde - Deutsch Bank Gail Glazerman - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is [Lorrie] and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Tom Cleves: Thanks, Lorrie. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining our third quarter earnings conference call. This call is also being webcast. John Faraci, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and I will also conduct the call. Tim Nicholls will not be with us today. Tim was injured in a bicycle accident and currently he is in outpatient surgery to repair his shoulder. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our earnings presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP measures is available on our website. Our website contains copies of the third quarter earnings press release and today's presentation slides. I will now turn the call over to John Faraci.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. Today, Tom and I with Tom was standing in for Tim, we will cover our third quarter results. The performance of individual businesses and we will also talk about business conditions and our outlook going ahead. So, just turning to the third quarter and I am now on page four. Despite continuing input cost escalation and tough market conditions, we delivered solid results. The third quarter earnings from continuing operations before special items are $0.84 a share which is 47% higher than the third quarter of 2007. Revenues in the third quarter compared to the second quarter are up $1 billion dollars. That is mostly the result of having Weyerhaeuser and part of our revenue base for the quarter. We achieved these strong results despite input cost that increased $0.47 a share since the third quarter of 2007 that is the quarter-to-quarter comparison. The sale of our Haynesville Shale mineral rights increased our earnings substantially, which we told you about on the second quarter conference call. Earnings from our Operating Businesses that is businesses excluding Forest Products were $0.36 per share. Our solid third quarter results reflect the increased selling prices, some weakening in volumes and addition of Weyerhaeuser’s packaging earnings, as well as reduced operating cost. Finally, I think, very important, we generated nearly $700 million of free cash flow during the quarter more than twice that we delivered in the second quarter. So, slide five here compares our third quarter results with the third quarter 2007. We achieved $0.56 of improvement in price, volume; cost and mix, but these improvements were largely offset by the $0.47 of increased input costs, which I talked about a minute ago. So, in essence, despite price increases, we continue to have a lot of cost inflation flowing through. Interest costs increased as well reflecting the additional debt from the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's packaging business, but there is good news there we paid off more debt faster than we thought during the quarter So, let me just give you a couple of details about the factors that impact our earnings before I turn it over to Tom. In the third quarter, global input costs increased by $286 million, that is the $0.47 per share I was talking about with energy and chemicals continuing to account for the largest increases. The appendix of the material that you will have has got additional detail in input costs by element, if you want to look at that. Slide seven here shows the North American price increase and input cost comparison. We see the in green price increases, in red input cost increases. During the first six months of 2008 our selling prices only equaled 78% of our input costs. We have got a lot of pricing, but we have got more cost inflation. We lost a bit of ground in the third quarter during which our selling price is running 60% of our input cost inflation. We have got some price contribute coming out of the quarter, but during the quarter more at even. So, now I will turn it over to Tom to review the business segment results and I will come back and sum up and talk about the outlook at the end.
Tom Cleves: Thanks, John. Slide, eight please. Third quarter Printing Paper earnings declined to $210 million reflecting input costs inflation that exceeded the selling price increases by $50 million. North American Paper earnings were flat, but North American market Pulp earnings declined by $27 million. Higher pulp selling prices were offset by higher manufacturing costs. Escalating input and trade costs and the costs for the two week market related shutdown of our Louisiana mill. Brazilian earnings increased $4 million benefiting from higher prices and $16 million in foreign exchange gains, but hurt by input costs, lower export demand and a nine day maintenance outage at our Luiz Antonio mill. European earnings declined slightly as higher prices were offset by lower volumes, higher raw material costs and foreign exchange losses of $26 million. I would like to mention that in October, we announced that we will begin a consultative process with our employees to conduct a review of the strategic alternatives for our uncoated freesheet mill in Scottland. Inverurie is a high cost, unprofitable mill competing in oversupplied markets. We will study the options for this mill and we will be prepared to discuss our plans for this facility late in the first quarter of 2009. Slide nine, please. Year-over-year, North American Printing Papers volume declined due to the conversion of Louisiana mill from uncoated freesheets to market pulp production. This conversion led to the 22% increase in North American market pulp volume. By the way, on Monday, we announced that we will take at least seven weeks of market related downtime at the Louisiana mill in November and December. This downtime is necessary to continuing to match our productions with our customers pulp needs. Brazilian Paper shipments declined due to lower demand in export markets. Selling prices were higher in all regions with the exception of a slight decline in Western Europe. The five euro decline in European Papers reflects Western European Paper Pricing only. Year-over-year Industrial Packaging earnings increased by $69 million despite the negative impact of $80 million in increased input costs. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $37 million. Higher volumes including the Weyerhaeuser packaging volumes added $64 million and improvements in cost and mix increased earnings by $47 million. We achieved these strong results even after absorbing the costs of 35,000 tons of market related downtime in September, which we took to continue to match our containerboard productions to our customers needs and to avoid an inventory build. In early October, we began an extended shutdown of the 250,000 ton machine in our Albany, Oregon mill. This machine will remain idle for at least 90 days. Also, we will shut down the 430,000 ton machine at our Valliant, Oklahoma mill. We intend to restart our Vicksburg mill in early November about the same time that we will shutdown the Valliant machine. Most importantly, we will continue to match our productions to our customer needs. Slide 11, please. Year-over-year, North American Containerboard volume was flat. While North American Box shipments declined by 1%., although shipments dropped significantly at the end of the third quarter. European Box shipments declined by 5%. Board and box prices increased in North America and Europe. In the legacy IP system, September containerboard prices were $55 per ton higher than July average prices and September box prices were $45 per ton higher than July average prices. We expect higher average box prices during the fourth quarter. I would also like to comment on the progress of our Weyerhaeuser packaging integration project. After this transaction closed on August 4th, we successfully separated the packaging assets from Weyerhaeuser. The new leadership team was in place on day one and they hit the ground running. We are utilizing transitional services provided by Weyerhaeuser for certain finance, human resources and IP functions. The sales teams and the supply chain systems for both businesses have been merged into single entities. We are on track to archive the forecasted synergies and are very pleased with the progress of the integration. Page 12, shows that consumer packaging earnings declined to $6 million, input cost inflation was 65% greater than the cumulative improvements in selling prices and cost/mix. Year-over-year, North American Coated Paperboard shipments increased by 2% and selling prices increased by $67 per ton. Foodservice volume is holding up well as consumers’ trade down the quick service dining and as our Ecotainer cups continue to gain share. Revenue in our converting businesses increased by 4%. Slide 14, please. xpedx posted strong operating profits of $35 million benefited from solid volumes in paper, packaging and facility supplies. xpedx earrings also benefited from continuing operating cost reductions that reflect our ongoing business redesign efforts. These structural cost savings partially offset $20 million in fuel and freight surcharge inflation during the quarter. Forest Product earnings were $305 million including $260 million in earnings from the sale of the mineral rights in the Haynesville shale. We were able to coordinate this mineral rights sale with the purchase of Weyerhaeuser asset such that the sale was a tax free exchange of like-kind asset. Therefore, the cash taxes will be deferred for a significant amount of time. In the third quarter, we also sold 33,000 acres of land, which generated earnings of about $45 million. The mix of land sales includes Timberland which led to the decline in the average price. We continue to sell our land at or above the original 2006 appraised value. At the end of the third quarter, we have 237,000 acres remaining in our land portfolio. Given the weakness in U.S. credit and real estate markets, we expect land sales in the fourth quarter to be less than half of third quarter levels. Slide 16 please. Sales at are joint venture with Ilim declined by 5% due to lower export demand and annual maintenance outages at the two Siberian market pulp mills. Due to the expense of the two outages and an $18 million unfavorable swing in foreign exchange impact earnings declined to $5 million. Slide 17 contains an overview of our special items for the third quarter. We recorded an $84 million after-tax charge for the impairment of the Inverurie mill asset. We recorded $69 million in after-tax charges related to the acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s packaging asset and for a write-off of supply chain initiative development costs. We have made the decision to scale back our plans to implement our supply chain projects throughout our combined box plant system. We also recorded a $29 million after-tax charge for the U.S. taxes on the gain on sales of assets of our Ilim joint venture. Ilim sold shares of a Russian subsidiary and U.S. federal tax law treats the gain on sales of stock of foreign subsidiaries as taxable income. Finally, we also recorded a $0.2 million after-tax charge for legal reserves for costs associated with the end of our siding and roofing claims period. Slide 18 shows our nine month 2008 earnings relative to nine months 2007. Earnings per share increased from $1.54 to $1.80 excluding Forest Products in both periods, earnings increased from a $1.08 per share to $1.21 per share. 2008 earnings were reduced by $1.07 in increased input costs, which were offset by $1.07 in increased selling prices and improvements in cost/mix. Our earnings also benefited from improvements in volumes, reduced corporate expenses and the addition of Ilim earnings, increased interest expenses mainly reflecting the incremental debt incurred with the Weyerhaeuser assets reduced earnings by $0.14 per share. Slide 19 please. In addition to the earnings per share improvement through the first nine months of 2008, we increased our free cash flow by more than $600 million over 2007 levels excluding the cash flow from the mineral right sale, 2008 free cash flow increased by 60% over 2007 levels. Working capital reductions are driving this improvement in free cash flow. We use this free cash flow to pay down nearly $1 billion-dollars of the $6 billion acquisition price of the Weyerhaeuser assets. Now, I will turn the call back to John.
John Faraci: Thanks, Tom. Before I talk about the fourth quarter, I would like to talk a bit about the recent deceleration of global economic activity and its expected impact on our fourth quarter. There is no question from my perspective that the world changed in the third quarter and International Paper was not immune from these changes. If you ever wanted to make a case for how Wall Street is connected to Main Street, I think the impact of the credit markets freezing up, as ultimate impact on what is happened to economies around the world is a good indication of how close the connection is. So, for us, we experienced a sharp decline in demand for our paper and packaging products in North America and mostly around the world and also for market pulp globally. Market pulp prices declined during the quarter. We do not think they hit the bottom yet. The combination of decreased economic activity and really we saw this start to happen about the second week of September. So, more or less, we had 10 weeks of continued weak economic activity which is to happen all year, last two weeks of September, and last two weeks of the third quarter and the first three and half weeks of October had been dramatically weaker than the prior nine months.  Despite these challenges we are going to continue to manage our capacity to meet our customers’ needs and to maximize or generate positive cash flow. We are going to produce the volumes required by our customers. We are not going to tie up working capital inventories and as a result of taking the significant market downtimes in the fourth quarter are included in our North American uncoated freesheet system and our North American Industrial Packaging business. Currently, we are taking 350,000 tons of downtime that is right now in our Industrial Packaging business to balance our supply with our customers’ demand. So, just with that perspective in context, it is very important to understand how things have changed dramatically in the last six weeks. Let me turn to the fourth quarter and we have got a couple of charts here trying to show what is going on with pictures and colors. With respect to pricing, we expect the average North American prices for uncoated freesheet prices to improve as we continue to realize the third quarter price increases. Our uncoated freesheet prices in Brazil will improve. We will implement our announced 7% domestic price increase and we expect uncoated freesheet prices in Europe to be more or less flat. Overall, as I said, I do not think we have hit the bottom on pulp prices. We expect fourth quarter prices for boxes to be higher as we continue to realize our third quarter price increases and as Tom indicated, we have gotten good flow, very good flow through of our announced priced increases both on board and very importantly on boxes. If you do not get it on boxes, it does not matter. Our U.S. credit paper prices will also benefit from the continuing implementation of announced price increases and a lot of our contracts have been restructured. So we will get pricing improvement as we go into the first quarter of next year. Global demand for market pulp declined significantly in the third quarter and we expect this is going to continue. The slowdown in the U.S. now and the major global economies has also led to a sharp decline particularly in Industrial Packaging late in the third quarter. If the economy plays out the way everybody is thinking it is going to, which is sharply weaker in the fourth quarter from the third, I think, we will see that volume decline with us throughout the quarter. We do expect to see little improvement though for demand in our European container business driven by the agricultural markets. So, I would like to spend a minute. Now turning to the next slide here, and I am on slide 22 and talk about what is going on with input costs inflation, because there are a lot of moving parts here and I just want to be clear on what we see today. So far, input costs and that is including transportation. So, double input costs is our commodity inputs plus transportation, it reduced our 2008 earnings by more than $1 a share. While costs for energy and OCC are moderating in our North American system, we continue to face high prices with further inputs. However, input costs in Brazil and Europe are expected to be unfavorable in the fourth quarter. Prices for natural gas, electricity, and oil are declining, but for other input costs, they are expected either to remain high or to increase. The Weyerhaeuser system uses more natural gas and OCC, so are going to get more benefit on that side of the equation. Wood and we use wood everywhere. Wood costs are going to continue to go up driven by the lack of residuals from the weak housing market and the result and need to go out further to procure wood and we feel surcharges on top of that, we have got additional miles and additional cost per mile. So, when we look at our input costs today without making a forecast. Our input costs today are about equal to our input costs for the average of the third quarter. So, we do not see any dramatic decline in input costs yet from where they have been during the quarter. So, looking ahead, our fourth quarter, our earnings will reflect a decrease in the total maintenance outage expenses and we are going to continue to run our facilities very well. We expect earrings from our Operating Businesses that is excluding Forest Products to be less than third quarter innings how much less is going to be a function, not a downtime required to balance our production with our customers needs, which is in turn a function of how the economies play out, how federal markets behave and how long consumers which are two-thirds of our GDP sit on the sideline. It is very clear that they stop spending. Equity earnings from our Ilim joint venture are going to be less than third quarter earnings primarily due to foreign exchange losses and remember there that we will continue to report on a one quarter basis. So, before we start the question-and-answer period, I would like to summarize the third quarter performance because, while, we are heading into a different set of market business conditions, I think we are heading into it off a pretty strong platform. Despite very tough conditions in the third quarter, we delivered solid results. We absorbed the continued input cost increases and the effect of weakening global economy activity, yet our earnings and our cash flow were up. We achieved price improvements from most of our major products and our strong third quarter results continue to reflect efforts to reduce our costs and run our big facilities well. We are very pleased with the strong start to the integration of Weyerhaeuser indeed. Day one was almost seamless. Separation of Weyerhaeuser, it took practically no time. We have been planning it for six months and I have to say this was the best integration given the first three months that I have seen over a number of sizeable transactions. We are going to get more benefits faster and we are confident, we have got good momentum in those combined businesses going into the fourth quarter and into next year. Finally, we generated nearly $700 million of free cash flow during the third quarter significantly up from the second quarter even without the impact of the gas sale. In every quarter, this year, our free cash flow as continued to improve.  So with that, I will turn it back to Tom and we will take the rest of your time answering your questions.
Tom Cleves: Thank you, John. Lorrie, we are now ready to entertain questions please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Claudia Hueston of J.P. Morgan.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan:  Thanks very much. Good morning.
Tom Cleves: Good morning.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: I was hoping you could talk just a little bit about trade flows across your business just given the changes that we have seen in currency and obviously just a globally slower economy. Have things changed at all on uncoated or bleached board or containerboard at this point?
John Faraci: Not, as of yet. Just to remind you, how volatile the currency is. The euro was 124 three days ago and now it’s 20, it was over $1.30. So, we are going to see a lot of volatility in currency and as of yet, Brazil, Russia, North America. China, we haven't seen change in trade frees. I would say in China, there is no question that exports from China, but the rest of the world has slowed down that’s not currency related. That’s reflective of what’s happening in Western Europe and North America as far as demands goes.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. And then just looking at the Consumer Packaging business, you cross sell a little bit more significant than I had expected. I was just wondering, if you can provide a little bit more color on what’s the cost input pressures are specifically in that business?
John Faraci: We have got more polyethylene, polystyrene costs in that business. Wood costs are sharply up in that business relative to others based on geography. And we are using more coal, which is lower cost, but costs for coal are going up, well prices for oil and gas has been coming down.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And you talked a little about restructuring some of your contacts in that business. Is there an opportunity there to maybe better match some of the cost measures you are seeing?
John Faraci: Yes, yes, and yes.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan:
John Faraci: And most of that will show up in the first quarter of 2009.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just lastly on free cash flow, it’s just very strong in the quarter. Your working capital has improved a lot over the last several quarters. How much more room do you feel like you have to go on that side of things?
John Faraci: We don't know. That’s a great question. And I think, we will keep up pushing it because on that one, I don’t think, we know how far we can take it with our supply chain capabilities now. We really had the ability to manage our inventory down to levels, we thought weren’t able both in containerboard and in freesheet. There is going to be pressure on accounts receivable, but we will have to manage that.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier of Barclays capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning.
John Faraci: Hi, Pete.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: John, I was hoping, you could help us with the $286 million of cost pressures you indicated, if we were to assume that cost pressures remained flat today, how long would it take to feed in and how much would drop?
John Faraci: That’s right. Say that again, Pete.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: So the $286 million of cost, if oil prices stay constant from here, how much benefit could you get from that overtime? And how long, do you think it would take given the lag effect?
Tom Cleves: Well, there is a lag effect on the fuel surcharges, which is 10 to 30 days. I am just still not sure of what you are asking about in terms of the flow through effect. I mean our pricing, we are not asked more than a month or quarter on any of the big commodities. So, we will see a change and with gas, we are buying gas every month. We are doing a bit of hedging that were partially in the stock market, partially hedged. And you will see on the page 50, the last sheet, it’s got our consumption of inputs costs. So you can make your own assumptions about pricing because you have the quantities there.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. I am not sure what you are asking.
Tom Cleves: I didn’t answer your question because really I am not sure what you are asking.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Well, I guess, I am suggesting that the oil price today is down 50% and a lot of these costs are going to be direct and indirect derivatives of oil.
John Faraci: Well, chemical products are still remained very high. Caustic soda is five times what it was a couple of years ago and hasn’t come down yet. Now, if we have a significant global recession, you would expect that impact commodity chemical costs. So, I think it is a question of how much inventory exists in those businesses and some of them got disrupted by the hurricanes. Its $106 barrel oil, we didn't see that go in right away and it was almost like $1,000 pulp. Remember, when we had $1000 pulp and everyone said only one container probably in the world sort of 1000 bucks and then the price went down. I am not sure; we are able to saw that the full impact of $150 barrel oil because it didn't stick around long enough.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. And then shifting to the containerboard integration. I am curious, if you can remind us John on the amount and timing of the packaging synergies that you targeted and maybe share some if you could of what you have learned so far through the integration process maybe positive and negative surprises, and how that would impact your thinking on those synergies going forward?
John Faraci: Well, I have got Carol Roberts sitting right here, who has joined the middle of that business. So I will ask her to comment. But I will just say, from my perspective, we are getting more merger benefits faster and Carol just wanted to briefly talk about what you are seeing.
Carol Roberts: Yes. Sure, John. And Pete thanks for the question. As you might recall, we had said that our target synergies for Weyerhaeuser, was $400 million with the first 12 month target of $175 million. What I would say there is that we are off to a very good start. So, I feel very confident about the durability of that goal. We are off to a good start. Relative to the acquisition, I am very pleased. The good news is that the separation was a non-event and what I would be most pleased with it’s the strong best start we have gotten. Now, we fielded our leadership team on day one, which speaks to the positive attitude of the employees out of the Weyerhaeuser packaging business. They are actually very pleased to join forces with them and to build a strong business. That’s gone very good. The assets are very good and probably the profile that we got as we continue to anticipate this market will be and we will manage through that. So, I think, we are doing very well. One of the big areas that we have got a great opportunity is on the S&A side and we have been aggressive there and we already added $90 million annualized write-off on S&A reduction rate. So all in all, it’s gone very well.
John Faraci: Pete that S&A came from all the planning we did. There was a whole of bunch of Weyerhaeuser S&As stayed with Weyerhaeuser. It served their business, but we didn’t take on. So, we didn’t have the severance costs. We didn’t have any of that because we have got ourselves organized to run without it.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. And just last one please, and I will turn it over. John, I know, you have had a lot of discipline on running to demand. And I am curious without showing your hand, and what you may or may not do given the macro environment can you remove enough tons in containerboard, if needed to stabilize the market? Or do you think that you have really done what you need to do for now?
John Faraci: Well, we are going to run our system to match demand and manage our own. For instance I don't want to speculate about what we might do or others might do or what the industry situation might be. This is just not something we can do. But we are committed to manage our capacity. And I think, what I have told you, we are doing right now that’s not a forecast, what we are doing right now. We are doing it. And we would expect our inventories to stay in checking. Industry inventories are in good shape. In fact our inventories will come down in the fourth quarter.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Very good. I will turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. John, can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in the uncoated freesheet markets, the volumes there is for the industry, we are pretty weak, for the first part of the quarter. And as you look out how you see that business evolving here in North America?
John Faraci: Well. Shipments are down at 6% year-to-date that’s kind of an aggregate across the board. If you look at the different grades, it’s different in some of the different grades. Imaging papers were up. Some of our key brands like HP are up. We will align with some of the stronger merchants and some of the strong retail channels, where we are down less than the market. But there is no question in the last six weeks, the same thing I talked about in terms of what’s happened to demand and packaging is happened in paper. Commercial printing has had a sharp pullback. And as you know, envelope and direct mails really have been hurt by what’s going in the financial services market.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And did you give a number for downtime, you are taking in uncoated freesheet or it’s the downtime number was that just in containerboard?
John Faraci: The downtime number was just in container board.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just on the uncoated freesheet maybe in Brazil as you look at what’s happening in Brazil with some of the large market pulp producers there. Any concern with regards to supply of pulp for your paper machines there. And any view about maybe doing something strategic in Brazil in front of those pulp producers maybe [now] a little bit more distressed.
John Faraci: But we are glad. We are only a net pulp seller. I think about 100,000 tons in Brazil out of Luiz Antonio. So, I think, right now, we are in the right business. We are in paper not in pulp. And the paper businesses, I was in Brazil about 10 days ago. I would have to say all around the world probably that the demand dynamic is best in Latin America then it is anywhere else in the world now then I isolate it from what’s going on. But I was with a 150 of our customers in the region and they were feeling pretty good about their business, which was two weeks ago, but not today. There are lower exports going out of Brazil, little bit of weakness in the surrounding economies, but the Real strengthening has helped us. So, as regarded to opportunities for the pulp market down there. Our focus right now is to run what we have. Pay down debt, generate strong free cash flow and manage through this downtown and come out of this better, stronger.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Thanks. Hi everyone. Good morning. Hey, congratulations on the Weyerhaeuser integration thus far and the cash flow generation. I guess, first question maybe piggybacking off Pete’s question. Did you mention what the Weyerhaeuser synergies were if any in the quarter?
John Faraci: What they are going to be for the year, Carol?
Carol Roberts: For the year…
John Faraci: This calendar year.
Carol Roberts: Calendar year about $50 million, $60 million.
John Faraci: So, $50 million in the first four, five months.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay. So, you would say you that you got about pro rata amount of that in the quarter if I am implying correctly what you are saying.
Carol Roberts: Yes. Basically, but those are billed into the fourth quarter (inaudible).
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay.
John Faraci: We got $6 million, $7 million a month right away, which was the impact of not taking on the Weyerhaeuser S&A. so in a way, we got it, a whole bunch of it kind of day one. Some of the other stuff takes a little while to ramp up like transportation getting the system realigned and we have announced four box plants to shutdown and the savings of those who will come as we take those plants down.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Right. John, Carol, given your experience and your conversations with customers in recent weeks the pullback that you are seeing in boxes and paper for that matter as well. Does it match what you have seen in past recessions or at this juncture, does the downturn seemed better or worse than what you have seen in other periods?
Carol Roberts: I think, George that it is worse than we have seen in prior period because it was so sudden and the magnitude was so large. As you would expect some segments were hit less than others. If you look at say processed foods, the processed foods are off a percent or two, not real bad. But durables fell off much dramatically and they were already down, due to very slow housing and other impacts. So, I wouldn't say that it’s deeper and quicker, which really speaks to the behavior of the consumer. They just made decision not to shop. The good news is, it won't last forever and they will be come back when things settle down.
John Faraci: This is a much sharper downturn than we have seen in the last six weeks. I mean our box business is off double-digits.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: John does that in turn if we hold input costs constant sequentially. You have got some pricing momentum in your businesses, but obviously the demand is weak. Should we expect that within your paper, paperboard and packaging businesses that earnings should be flat to down in the fourth quarter? Or do you think with the Weyerhaeuser synergies and benefits that in total you would be up sequentially. Or is it too hard to call it at this juncture?
John Faraci: Well, I think, when I went through the other, I said we expect earnings to be down.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay. I didn’t catch up then.
John Faraci: We got a fourth quarter with negative 4% to 5% GDP growth versus basically flat GDP growth in the third quarter. It’s probably the scenario is that their earnings go up, but I don't know what it is.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay.
John Faraci: Now Consumer Packaging is probably the one bright spot in terms of demand. We are seeing still good backlogs there, good order book and we are running full, but that I think reflect the fact that most of its customer base is in the processed foods and fast consumer good staples as supposed to that kind of stuff. There are some places where golf balls are off but by and large our Consumer Packaging business is pretty solid.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay. Two quick ones in sequential turnover. The decision on the supply chain system in the U.S box network, can you give us some color in terms of why you decided not to roll it out? And then any additional impressions with Ilim? What things can you do in the business as markets slow to continue the progress there? Thanks, guys.
Carol Roberts: George, let me answer this why we changed the decision. When we were pre-Weyerhaeuser, we were working on building that capability and its going to add a lot value. But I think it is quite simply that with Weyerhaeuser, we just had much higher priorities right now and where our resources need to be applied. One thing we did learn about Weyerhaeuser, a lot of the supply chain benefit comes from both through the roll rooms and the box plants with some tools that we are going to continue with. So, while we are stopping on their overall deployment of the big operating model, we are going to continue to get a lot of benefit out of the things that link our mills to the box plants. But we just had some higher needs right now and better opportunity to improve the business.
John Faraci: George, would you repeat your question about Ilim, please?
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Yes. Just obviously, markets around the world have gotten soft or volatile. Ilim what are your impression with it thus far. What do you do to continue the progress and improve the performance there in light of the slowdown? Thanks.
John Faraci: George, Mary Laschinger is here, who is right in the middle of that business. So I am going to ask her especially from Russia to talk about what’s going on there.
Mary Laschinger: Well, first of all, George, on the more positive note demand as we have look forward for the next outlook has been strong domestically. And so, we are seeing the shortfall more coming to us from the Asian market. And we are dealing with that on a daily basis in terms of how we are responding to that. Our operations are solid. But again we are starting to see some weakness in demand and pricing in export market and some of that being offset by continued good demand in pricing domestically.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: Okay.
Mary Laschinger: Currencies probably have had the biggest impact on the business.
George Staphos - Bank of America Securities: All right. Thanks for all the details. Good luck on the quarter, guys.
John Faraci: Thanks, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Two questions. I mean, following on that last question about Ilim your partner over there has made some comments suggest that the expansion might not go forward. We have learned not to believe everything we hear out of Russia. But I wonder if you could comment of that? And second, I wonder John, if could you talk broadly about the competitive position of your white paper system? Certainly, as pulp prices were going up, integrated producers, like yourself, were getting some real competitive advantage. How much do you think declining prices are going to affect you competitively? I mean, obviously demand is lousy, but where does that really hit you.
John Faraci: Well, I will let Mary, Mark to talk about Russia and then I will come back and answer the printing paper side.
Mary Laschinger: All right. Mark, with regarding the expansion plans, again things have changed dramatically in Russia. To say that, it’s not going forward, I think is a fairly bold comment. The way we were looking at this today is that, we are going to make decisions based on what we see, what the market condition and/or ability to secure financing. But we still feel strongly that this is, if we have, it’s more likely to be delays versus stocks and we will look at prioritizing projects in terms of providing the best generation tools to improve the business.
John Faraci: Looking at printing papers market, for me to look at it around the world. In Brazil, in Russia and in Poland, we have got very low cost systems. So and we are not competing in Russia and in Poland against nonintegrated producers. But we are very low cost delivered in those countries. And that's where most of the product goes. In Western European, it is not a big deal for us. In Brazil, we are very low cost. And with a significant market position again we are not competing with nonintegrated producers. In Brazil, we are competing with other integrated producers and there is not much in the way of exports or imports coming into Brazil. In the U.S., you can look at our numbers, where our return on sales is about 500 basis points better than the next best. And I haven't calculated that’s probably four digits better than the nonintegrated. Some of that will get eaten up by lower pulp prices for sure. But I can't see where some of the smaller nonintegrated is going to have better margins than we have, given that we are thousand basis better than they are now. 500 basis points better than one of the big players that we compete with. But you are right. The pulp prices will give them some cost release.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: But is it fair to say that, both domestically and globally, the decline in pulp prices isn't going to hurt you that much. Is that fair? I mean competitively.
John Faraci: I don't think so.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay.
John Faraci: It is going to hurt us in our pulp business obviously, but not in the paper business.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover of D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thank you, just two quick questions. First of all given your significant exposure both in Brazil and in Europe, are you doing any hedging to mitigate the change in currencies?
Tom Cleves: Steve, it is Tom. You cut off for a minute there. Could you repeat the question.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Sure, sorry. Just wondering whether you are doing any hedging to avoid any losses or exposure to currency changes both in Brazil and in Europe?
Carol Roberts: First of all with regard to Europe, we are doing some hedging more related to the zloty and Euro, but not a significant amount.
John Faraci: In Brazil. Let me say very emphatically that we don't have some of the positions that you probably read about some of the industrial companies in Brazil. So, you know, we have done some hedging on a small portion of our export receivables, which are dollar dominated but it is not significant at all. And we have looked at, we have got none of what you are reading about.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Yes, I was kind of thinking of some of those folks. And secondly, and I realize the delicate position. But with respect to Inverurie I know that one of the folks in your midst will say, you will never see IP selling a mill for pennies on the dollar. And having a turnaround and compete with us. Do you have the same viewpoint for your European assets?
Carol Roberts: We will not be selling this facility to manufacturing paper. We are looking at strategic other alternatives for other industrial uses.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Perfect. I am glad you are consistent in different continents. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
John Faraci: Hi Mark.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Good morning, John. When you were talking about operating profits being lower in the fourth quarter, was that just an overall statement. Or would that be applicable to each of the segments?
John Faraci: That was not broad statement there the profitability in the fourth quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: So, I would assume that since you got another month on Weyerhaeuser, and you got pricing your Industrial Packaging business would be better in the fourth quarter than third quarter..
John Faraci: I was talking about International Paper overall. If get in the segment we have got pluses and minuses. But international paper overall -- and on this is a function of how weak does the economy get in the fourth quarter. And I think we are going to be surprised with how weak this economy is. I really do. I mean we are going to be shocked at how weak it is.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: And presumably, you are tacking the – you’re supply to demands and hence that is….
John Faraci: We are taking 350,000 tons of down time industrial packing right now. You can figure our what that annualized number is. Its huge. 
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: So I ask you what was that number in the third quarter. You’ve been moving parts in Vicksburg. I am not fully sure how to interpret that 350?
John Faraci: 35,000 tons plus Vicksburg wasn't running.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. So if I try and go from Q3 to Q4, obviously, I have got a downside small hopefully but uncertain on the operating line, and then I don't have my $0.42 for mineral rights. If I understand it rightly lands sales would be about half. So that's another $0.03-cents. And then there just two other items, I was real unclear about. And one is interest expense. If I look at the slide on the key financial statistics, it looks like that is going to be up like $40 million or $45 million in the fourth quarter. Is that about right?.
John Faraci: If it is on the slide, I think you should assume it is about right. Why don't you call up [Steve] and he can take you through that Mark.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Then lastly on the corporative. It looks like there is a significant increase expected in the fourth quarter and I wasn't sure what that would have been about?
John Faraci: I think again, I would ask you to give a call to Tom and he can give you clarity on that.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: But bottom line, if I take all the numbers I just put together the $0.42 for mineral rights, and just without the land sales, the interest expense, I am kind of in the low 30s and what ever I can do operationally. Are there any other big drivers that could move this different from that for the fourth quarter?
John Faraci: Absolutely. Volume. And down time. Absolutely.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. That’s where the risk is operationally?
John Faraci: Yes.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from Deutsch Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsch Bank: Good morning. I have got a couple of questions for Carol and then one for John. Carol, can you just talk about with all the changes in these input costs, it looks like OCC and the yellow sheet is down another 30 to $60 in November. With that, and gas prices, is it changing where you are thinking about taking downtime or any kind of longer term capacity decisions that you might make. And can you talk just generally about this process of renegotiating some of the box contracts.
Carol Roberts: Yeah. Mark, thanks you are absolutely right on the inputs and that’s one of the reasons, why we are actually quite glad, we are going to be facing the headwinds with the largest system because, as you can image, we have a lot of options. Lot of (inaudible) use a combination of both OCC with fiber. So, we had a chance to try and figure out how to balance and how to take the highest marginal costs out and how to balance it back into the mills to get good energy efficiencies. And so, we are looking at that and we have got a lot of engagement on the part of our manufacturing team with our commercial team. And we are working it, I wouldn’t say daily, but certainly weekly, as we figure out what to do. On the short term, we can manage that and what’s happening make it think hard about any long term decisions we make factoring that volatility, we want to make the right long term decision. And regarding customers. My comment there would be that, we had good dialogue with the customers and we of course, that was one of the things we did was get out in front of the new customers and with our existing customers and quite honestly, we feel very good about our ability to deliver great value to them and be a very valued supplier, and we are having very good conversation on that. So, I think that's going to go fine. We are in the midst of raising prices, which has gone very well as John commented on. So, I think there is a lot of work to do there. But we are having a good dialogue with our customers right now.
Mark Wilde - Deutsch Bank: I wondered Carol, it looked like A, maybe your prices are up a little more than other folks prices so far. But B, that double-digit decline in boxes that John mentioned, was bigger than a lot of your public competitors have reported and so I just, trying to get a sense of is, the economy is hitting you harder or is that shutting off some marginal business.
John Faraci: Mark, nobody has reported buying it for October, have they?
Mark Wilde - Deutsch Bank: Lot of people have mentioned, the numbers that they have seen through the first three weeks of October on their calls. And I would say the average probably been running 6% to 8%.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Mark, we looked hard at that. First let me comment on the pricing. I think one of the reason that our pricing realization is good is, our principals around the business are -- we don't do fixed pricing, we were mindful of contract structures on having to --so we didn't have any barriers in our legacy business on our ability to push for pricing. That's been very helpful on the realization side. And regarding the [optional], I thought about that at a 29% or 30% supply position. To me, it would be hard to believe that we would be significantly different than the marketplace, because we are in everything. And some markets are hit more than others, but we kind of done a sensitivity on the segments. So, I don't believe we lost share and I don't believe we are significantly different than what the market should be experiencing.
John Faraci: The one thing we say is, having a strategy to run our box plants full, it makes absolutely no sense.
Mark Wilde - Deutsch Bank: Okay. John, just from a bigger picture perspective. We are looking at a much bigger backdrop than when you made the Weyerhaeuser acquisition announcement earlier in the year or when the deal closed in early August. Can you just step back a couple of steps and tell us what you are doing differently right now to deal with this environment. You already mentioned downtime here. You have mentioned the closure in Europe and you mentioned throttling back a little on capital in Ilim but other things that you are doing to weather this environment.
John Faraci: We are throttling back more on capital around the company and we will share that with you when we have our next conference call. I am very glad that we get to start it back in April, frankly on something called belt tightening, which is an effort to just look at discretionary spending and save us about $10 million a months and beyond that, I think I mentioned in this last conference call. We got an initiative again that we started last December before Weyerhaeuser to take about $400 million of our cost our S&A cost. That would be the same number as Weyerhaeuser merger benefit. But 200 of it comes from Weyerhaeuser and the other 200 comes from IP. So there’s a big chunk of cost savings is going to come to International Paper and some our businesses are already implemented those plans. So, that just going on around rest of the company. And Carol just talked about what we are doing in Weyerhaeuser. We have got more levers to pull. I really believe that what we want to have in a time of difficulty is lots of options to improve your cost structure. With Weyerhaeuser, we have a lot more options than we had with just the legacy industrial packaging business we had before Weyerhaeuser  So, yes, the world has changed and we are getting more and more to benefits faster. We are running our system differently than we were. As you pointed out, OCC prices are dropping. So we have got lots of options to be looking at.
Mark Wilde - Deutsch Bank: Okay, very good, John. Good luck.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Gail Glazerman of UBS.
John Faraci:  Hi, Gail.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi, thank you. Sticking on containerboard for a minute, you have talked about the domestic volumes and what's happening there. Can you talk a little about your key export market for liner board?
Carol Roberts: Yes, Gail. We haven't seen any big change relative to demand. The markets that we participate in are generally much that require crack liner. They tend to be agricultural market. So from a demand perspective while obviously things are slowing, we haven't seen any significant decline in our market access or demand for our products. Of course, that is something that we will monitor very carefully but so far it's okay.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And when you look at the July, August, price increase. It has already been commented, you had good experience. I am just wondering, do you think you can pass through more than the board price increase into boxes and several other competitors have mentioned.
Carol Roberts: I feel very good. Of course, I talked or Tom mentioned that point-to-point, we had already seen $45 and then we saw booking more in the fourth quarter. So I feel very confident that we will get some box price higher than the board price.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just a couple of quick questions for Mary. Mary, given what has happened in the economy over the last month or so, do you think there is any change in Russia and how they consider the wood export tariff and just a reminder if you think that is going to really make a difference for you it that goes through?
Mary Laschinger: With regards to the wood expert tariff, we do not anticipate that there will be a directional change from the government in terms of their intentions around the log export tariff. As it relates to (inaudible) we actually further anticipate that to be a benefit to our business.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just final question. Are the comments you made about the demand environment of Russia, do those hold for the rest of the Eastern European business?
Mary Laschinger: Eastern European business has been strong for us and continued to be strong. We are anticipating some back off of demand but it's still robust relative to other regions of Europe.
John Faraci:  You just might talk about box packaging business.
Mary Laschinger: Packaging business is a different situation. The packaging business, we are in fact seeing a drop off, in particular, in the industrial segment, double-digit drop offs. Our volume should not drop off that much because we are anticipating a more robust fruit and vegetable season then what we saw last year. We talked of course, what Carol was saying around the crack liner, as the crack liner goes into that fruit and vegetable segment.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call to Tom Cleves for any final remarks.
Tom Cleves: Thank you, Lorrie. Thanks for joining our call today. If you have additional questions Emily Ann-Marie and I will be available via phone. This wraps up today’s call.. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's International Paper Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Crystal and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Thomas A. Cleves: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining International Paper's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. This call is also being webcast. Our key speakers this morning are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Faraci, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tim Nicholls. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our earnings presentation and at the end of our press release. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website at internationpaper.com under Investors. Our website also contains copies of the second quarter earnings press release, and today's presentation slides. I'll now turn he call over to John Faraci.
John V. Faraci: Thanks Tom and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. This morning Tim Nicholls and I will review our second quarter results and performances in individual businesses. We'll also discuss our third quarter outlook, including an update of our acquisitions of Weyerhaeuser's Packaging business which we expect to complete shortly, and then we'll take your questions. So summing up the second quarter, I'd say despite very tough market conditions, we delivered solid results and total earnings par share increased by 8% versus the second quarter of 2007 and by 37% versus the first-quarter of 2008. Second quarter earnings from continuing operations, before special charges, were $0.56 a share, and we achieved these strong results despite input costs that increased by $0.34 a share, since the second-quarter of 2007. Earnings from our operating businesses that is, businesses. excluding forest resources, were $0.50 per share. Our strong second quarter results reflected strong no operations around the world, good cost reduction and global balance, when I say that I mean earnings from our businesses outside North America. Turning to the next slide here, if you look at this $0.56 a share, it represents our second best quarter since 2000. And now I'll ask Tim to comment on our results in more detail and I'll come back in a couple of minutes and talk about the outlook.
Tim S. Nicholls: Okay. Thanks John and good morning everyone. I'm on slide 6, and if you look at the comparison of our second-quarter results with the second quarter of 2007, we achieved improvements in price costs and mix, but improvements were offset by the continuing increase of input costs. Corporate and other category includes $0.05 which was a favorable pension adjustment, or a favorable pension expense, which reflects the benefit of our $1 billion pension contribution at the end of 2006. The other item in there is the benefit of $0.02 from the sale of our Natchez mill property. Ilim contributed $0.08 per share and Vicksburg reduced earnings by $0.02. During the third quarter we expect to begin receiving our business interruption payments from our insurance providers and that will offset the loss of Vicksburg profits. Now let me turn to some of the factors that impacted earnings in the quarter. On slide 7, we are showing sales revenue by operating business and all of the segments had increases in revenue with the exception of Forest Products. And selling prices were higher in all businesses. Total sales revenue increased by about 10%. Slide eight, we show the breakout of input cost inflation that we typically saw. And another large increase in the quarter is global input cost increased by $211 million or $0.34 per share, as John mentioned with, energy and chemicals continued to account for the large increases. But even looking at spread, most of that is related to fuel surcharges and other fuel related costs. Comparing selling price increases to input costs, looking at North America, in 2006 and 2007 our price increases exceeded input cost escalation. But we've fallen behind in the first six months of 2008 as input costs are rising at a faster rate. And just looking at the businesses, printing papers prices are nearly keeping pace with input cost but inflation is lagging behind. So with that, let me turn to the business segments themselves, and I'll start with Printing Papers. On slide 10, we see earnings increased by $38 million despite the $119 million increase in input costs. Prices increased by $95 million and operating cost improvements in the U.S., Brazil, and Europe added to $51 million. And a big portion of this is related to the fact that we've now taken out all our high cost capacity in North America by shifting into linerboard production and pulp production. North American Printing Papers earnings improved by $32 million. Slide 11 is showing a little bit more data on the segment's earnings and relative to the second quarter of 2007, earnings increased 20% and margins increased to 12.6% of sales. North American paper volumes of course were down, a big part of this reflecting the conversion of the Pensacola mill to linerboard production and the conversion of our Louisiana mill to market pulp, but also impacted by the sluggish demand, given the weak U.S. economy. Market pulp volumes increased reflecting the conversion of the Louisiana mill again but also reflecting our volume increases at Riegelwood. And year-over-year, our prices increased in all of the global regions with a significant increase in North America. Turning to Industrial Packaging, it's on slide12, highlights the year-over-year Industrial Packaging earnings, which decreased by $21 million. We did have improvements in price volume, cost mix which totaled $66 million but these were largely offset by $57 million of input cost increases. The $28 million improvement in cost mix includes the positive year-over-year impact of $13 million in one-time cost at Pensacola during the second quarter of last year. We had increased maintenance outages and that reduced earnings by $21 million. However, it was a little bit better than what we had projected as we took an abbreviated outage at one of our mills, as a reaction to the Vicksburg explosion, and Vicksburg did impact us by $15 million. So, through June Industrial Packaging is... in terms of outages, it's already completed 80% of the planned outages for this year. And if you look at the earnings in normalized for outage expense across the year and also add back the Vicksburg expense, we feel pretty good about performance. We would have posted year-over-year earnings that were slightly improved. Industrial Packaging margins decreased as a result of not being able to keep up with the input cost inflation. Volumes declined slightly in North America for boxes. European container volumes also declined due to a combination of both weak industrial demand and also weaker than normal fruit and vegetable harvest. However, board and box prices increased in all of our regions. Consumer Packaging, relative to the second quarter, earnings declined by $4 million. Coated Paperboard and Foodservice earnings declined as again input costs add into margins. Consumer Packaging did absorb $38 million in input cost inflation, which looks like an inordinate amount but we did suffer from higher wood costs at our Canton mill, energy related costs at Riegelwood and heavy use of chemicals for bleaching and coating. Polyethylene prices have increased significantly during the quarter. In Shorewood, results improved but the division, still posted a loss for the quarter, so still work to do there. On slide 15 highlights U.S. Coated Paperboard volumes that grew slightly and prices increased but again not enough to overcome the inflation that the business experienced. On slide 16, I'll turn to xpedx, where we are showing sales revenue increase relative to second quarter of last year. But sales volumes in commercial printing and packaging declined reflecting the weakening U.S. economy, especially in the financial sector. Sales volumes for facility supplies increased by 2% and again even in xpedx we're facing cost pressure related to fuel and freight costs, and we've experienced about $1.5 million per month in increased operating costs. On the next slide just to share a little bit more about xpedx. While a lot of the paper distribution channels were struggling with slow growth in the traditional commercial printing markets, xpedx has been successful in increasing its sales revenue with a diverse offering of printing and packaging and facility supplies. Xpedx is a market leader paper merchant in North America and continues to pick up market share. Commercial printers primarily use coated freesheet and while the industry for... industry demand for coated freesheet has declined by 11% in the first half. Xpedx has increased its shipments by 3%. So despite the weak U.S. economy on commercial printing volumes, xpedx continues to win customers and to increase its overall sales. Forest Products, again the focus here is to continue maximizing value. We show that year-over-year Forest Products' earnings decreased by $53 million, reflecting the changes in volume and mix of the land that we currently hold versus what we had last year. During the quarter there we did continue to sell our land at or above the original appraised values per acre. With that, let me turn to some of our International operations. I'd like to start with Asia. We're building new capabilities in Asia, and our investments in China are going to allow us to capitalize on a high demand growth market. Where margins tend to be lower but we also benefit from a very low capital cost. For instance, we just completed the construction of a world-class coated paperboard machine at a dramatically lower cost than what would have cost to build it just about anywhere else in the world. And if you turn to slide 20, you can see pictures of the facility. This is a 420,000 ton machine which has started up. It's been running for a couple of weeks now. The machine was from start to finish built in just over a year's time. And even in the first two weeks of startup we've already had a 1000 ton a day which should be a 100% of the ramper and A1 production. So a great story here, during the quarter we also had the start-up of a new box plant and also a folding carton plant in China. Ilim joint venture had a very good quarter. Their first quarter earnings $32 million reported, and now our second quarter was $0.08 per share. This did include a $14 million after-tax foreign exchange gain and also a $3 million after-tax charge to write-off a share repurchase option. Relative to the quarter, Ilim benefited from increased paper and containerboard volumes, steady pulp volumes and prices that were increasing in both domestic and exports markets. Ilim is facing the same input cost increases that are being experienced in other parts of the world, and they showed higher cost for wood, chemicals, energy and freight, which were partially offset by very good manufacturing operations. So we... just as a reminder, we continue to report Ilim's earnings on a one quarter lag. And we'll be reporting their second quarter earnings in our third quarter numbers, and we expect a decline of some significant, since they had extended maintenance outages in their second quarter at the mill. And also, we don't expect the foreign exchange benefits to repeat. So earnings are going to be lumpy quarter-over-quarter, but we expect solid earnings for the full year. One other item related to Ilim during the quarter, Ilim did sign an agreement to sell its share of a waste paperboard mill to Knauf which is its joint venture partner in that mill. This is 220,000 ton per year mill that manufactures folding box board and wallpaper board. And we are expecting, or they are expecting the transaction to close in the third quarter. This mill really was not part of our reason for investing in the joint venture and really not strategic to the business plans. And so after the divestiture, we will expect Ilim to continue concentrating on the core businesses of market pulp, industrial packaging, and paper. With that, I'll turn to cash flow. On slide 23, cash flow for the quarter increased three fold from the second quarter of 2007. We saw changes in working capital components, accounts receivable inventory payables that were significantly more favorable in 2008, reflecting improved working capital management. And in fact, year-over-year, our operating working capital as a percent of sales improved by 70 basis points. So looking at the first six months of this year, input costs are a big part of the story and we've experienced about $380 million in increase cost which has decreased our earnings by $0.60 per share for the first half of 2008. Increased energy cost accounts for the majority of it, prices for oil natural gas, coal have increased our costs directly. But energy costs are also indirectly driving cost increases for wood and for chemicals. Even with that, we had a solid first half, as we increased our profits by $0.20 per share, excluding Forest Products. So we felt like we had a good solid quarter and a solid first half of the year. With that, I'll shift from earnings to giving you a bit of an update on the Weyerhaeuser acquisition. Right now we are on schedule to close the transaction early next month. We've got the management team in place, right down to the facility level. And they are ready to start executing on day one. Having worked with the integration teams over the past four months, we are even more confident now in our ability to generate synergies at a faster pace than originally planned. The acquisition in 2008 is going to be slightly dilutive to our earnings but we're expecting that the cash flow will be positive this year. We'll start to also enjoy the reduced cash taxes immediately in 2008. If you recall this is the tax benefit that we had estimated at net present value of $1.4 billion as we step up the assets, because of the nature of the transaction being an asset sale. On the next page, just cover the financing plan, when we announced the acquisition we talked about $2 billion five-year term loan and a $4 billion, 18 months bridge. And since the announcement, we've been able to have a very successful bank syndication. And so we are now increasing the five-year term from $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We also issued $3 billion in bonds in late in May and we're expecting that it will bring about $500 million in cash and short-term debt to the close. During the third quarter, we expect that we will repay the short-term debt and we're also thinking that we will be de-leverage some of the incremental debt more quickly than we had originally forecasted. On slide 28, just to give you a few financial statistics here, based on the work that we've already completed, we're expecting the acquisition to dilute our earnings this year as I mentioned, but to be cash flow positive. And we're expecting about $50 million in merging benefits by the end of the year. It will cost us $80 million in one-time inauguration cost this year to achieve those. And there is also a $35 million non-cash charge related to the write-off of the inventory at the acquisition date. Interest expenses is expected to be incremental higher at $160 million to $180 million. But, we feel very good about where we are with the team and the forecasts for the back half of the year. Separate from the $400 million in synergies that we've talked about. If you recall we had $400 million in synergies identified by the end of year three on a run rate basis. We're also targeting other improvements in the company and we're expecting by 2010 to reduce overhead by somewhere between $150 million and $200 million. So, we're not just focusing on Weyerhaeuser. We're focusing on other opportunities around the company. So, with that, I'll turn it back over to John, he will wrap up with the outlook for the third quarter.
John V. Faraci: Thanks Tim. For those of you following along, I'm now on slide 29. Just looking ahead and talking about the third-quarter for a minute. I anticipate that we're going to face a challenging environment. No question about it. We expect some continuing escalation in input costs especially for wood, chemicals, and freight. We also expect energy costs to remain high during the quarter and we're going to manage our capacity to meet our customers' needs and manage price increase to stay ahead of this input cost escalation, which we think is going to be with us for a while. With respect to pricing in the third quarter, we expect prices for uncoated freesheet, coated paperboard, containerboard and corrugated boxes to increase as we continue to realize the announced pricing... our announced price increases, but we don't expect the full benefit of price increases until the fourth quarter. So in essence, we're still looking at a margin squeeze. We do expect volume for printing papers to remain similar to second quarter levels, and we could see a slight seasonal lift at this point of time and, but that's not what we're expecting. Demand for market pulp is expected to increase and we expect demand for container board and boxes to be vacant and flat from where it's been. Our third quarter earnings will reflect a significant decrease in our North American maintenance outages and a $15 million increase in our outages in our European paper operations. So despite the anticipated price improvements, which are coming, we expect third quarter earnings from our operating businesses, that is excluding product resources to be less in second quarter earnings as input cost are still going to outpace the price increases. I think that'll be the case as we get into the fourth quarter So, now let me give you a separate outlook or update on our outlook for Forest Resources' earnings. We have signed an agreement to sell certain minerals rights on land in Louisiana it's called part of the Haynesville Shale, the name it goes by, for about $260 million. These are mineral rights that we retained on land that we sold earlier. We expect to close this transaction in the third quarter. At the end of the second quarter our Forest Products portfolio includes 270,000 acres of land and some oil and gas price rights with a total net present value of $675 million to $775 million. That range includes the sale I just spoke to you. So this the Haynesville Shale we expect 2008 forest product earnings to be in a $350 million to $450 million and obviously those increased earnings will enable us to pay down the acquisition debt faster than we anticipated So let me just end up before I take your questions. Despite a very tough market environment especially North America International Paper delivered solid results. We experienced unprecedented input cost increases, and a weakening U.S. economy at the same time. But despite that we increased our earnings by 8% versus the second quarter and 37% versus the first quarter of this year. We achieved those earnings despite input cost that increased our cost but $0.34 a share compared to the second quarter of last year. We've announced price increases for all of our major products in order to offset the input cost inflation over the balance of the year. Our strong second quarter results reflect reduced mill operating cost and a benefit of our global operations, which Tim talked about. We're cautious about the third quarter. We are increasing prices for our product as I said earlier, I don't think we're going to realize the full benefit of the increases until we get to the fourth quarter. Over the last couple of weeks, energy costs have moderated. If you can call $125 barrel oil moderating, but we're very uncertain, which direction these are going to go, going forward. And we expect chemical cost and wood costs to continue to increase. Even if input costs remain, I will be able to regain our margins, but probably not until the fourth quarter. So, now let's turn it to back to Tom and we'll l open up the session for question and answers.
Thomas A. Cleves: Thanks John. Crystal, we are now ready to entertain questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from the line of Chip Dillon with Citi.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning and congratulations on a nice quarter. As we look ahead... my first question has to do with the forest land that you still have left and also with the minerals rights. John, did you have any idea like a year or two ago that you had this kind of value or is it something that has kind of come up more recently in terms of what people would pay for them? And then secondly, I'm sort of calculation that you have about $400 million to $500 million dollars left and is it still a good guess to assume you will get back realized that is in income in forest lands over the next three years assuming the demand is there?
John V. Faraci: Well Chip, we knew we had mineral rights and the reason we held back that roughly at half a million acres that wasn't straight coming from timberland, as we knew there were values there that were beyond very commercial timberland, some of it in the land, some of it in minerals rights which we knew we had. And to be honest with you, the price we got for those rights were substantially better than we would have gotten, had we sold them earlier in the year. And the transactions have gone from $1000 an acre up to $20,000 an acre. We're at the high end of that. So our timing was good and that's why we kept some of the land and some of the mineral rights out of the large sale that we did a year or so ago. In terms of the remaining portfolio, the objective here is to maximize the value, and we'll monetize it very quickly. If we think that's the way to maximize the value or monetize it slower if that gives the best values. The land that we continue to hold is not commercial timberland and it's not all what I would call conventional real estate development land. It's kind of a mix [ph]. We've been getting sales prices that have been above our appraisal. We haven't been selling very much of it.
Chip Dillon: Got you. Now a second question quickly is, we've seen natural gas prices drop about 25% in the last month. And I certainly can appreciate your caution for the third quarter. Are you building in this drop, recent drop in energy prices and how that might impact your chemical and freight as well in the third quarter? Or is your forecast more based on where we saw prices a few weeks ago?
John V. Faraci: Well, we do hedge our gas purchases, kind of on a rolling basis. So we're going to get benefit of lower gas prices, as they stick around for a bit in terms of our hedge strategy. But we're not re-forecasting and we're not smart enough Chip to figure out what's happening in the energy prices on the flow and effect. They are a lot higher than we anticipated when we put together our operating plant last November. And what we are telling everybody in the company is that soon they're going to be high and we love to be surprised in the upside, the upside being they go lower.
Chip Dillon: Got you and last question, you didn't have this table in this quarter, because maybe things are kind of moving around, but could you give us your best guess as to what the tax rate will be in the third quarter and maybe for the year and an update on where you might see depreciation for both... CapEx both this year and next year?
Tim S. Nicholls: Chip, hi it's Tim. We... the tax rate we're still estimating between 32-33% for the year now. The capital we've said that we're... and this is for IP standalone and not including Weyerhaeuser that we would be around $1 billion for the year, depreciation about $1.1 billion. It's really too early to start estimating and giving out lot of forecast on what Weyerhaeuser is going to do with that but we'll update it in the third quarter.
Chip Dillon: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Claudia Hueston with J.P. Morgan.
Claudia Hueston: Thanks, very much. Good morning.
John V. Faraci: Hi Claudia.
Claudia Hueston: Hi. I was hoping, you could just talk a little bit more about the Industrial Packaging business, the results there were very strong. Can you just talk a little bit about what drove this strength there?
John V. Faraci: You want to comment on that.
Tim S. Nicholls: Sure. Well volumes held up reasonably well even though we had a strong softening economy. We also had a good mill performance, and as I mentioned in my comments, even though it was down from last year and we did take a little bit less in terms of maintenance outages. When you normalize the Vicksburg impact and maintenance outages is very strong. So we had weaker volumes in Europe, but margins improves... and increased box pricing in both U.S. and Europe.
John V. Faraci: Claudia, I would just add to that. All around our North American businesses, what we saw in the second quarter was a lot of cost reduction efforts getting into the bottom line. And there are things we've been working on that are longer term and there are also some short term things that we ask the organization to kind of call guidance [ph] and all that stuff started to show up.
Claudia Hueston: Do you think there's still more room to go from here to some sort of the legacy IP business in that regard?
John V. Faraci: Well absolutely, as Tim said, we obviously got Weyerhaeuser coming in, so we're going to get the merger benefits associated with that. And Tim said probably more faster, but beyond that and kind of rest of International Paper, we're looking to take another $150 million to $200 million of F&A costs out over the next 12 to 18 months. And we'll be doing that not kind of in one day, but we'll be doing it kind of already all round the businesses at IP both domestically and internationally, but a lot of will be here in North America.
Tim S. Nicholls: Claudia, if you look at the back half of this year, the business has already taken 80% of the outages that they had scheduled for the year. So that's going to help the second half of the year plus we'll get recovery on business interruption starting in the third quarter. And so there is not only in terms of the performance in the business second quarter, but going forward there should be a little bit of upside there.
Claudia Hueston: Okay. Thanks that's helpful and then just quickly on the corporate expenses. Is there any guidance for that either for just IP standalone or for IP plus Weyerhaeuser?
Tim S. Nicholls: Not from the standpoint of IP plus Weyerhaeuser. Our corporate expense in the second quarter was flat with the first quarter.
Claudia Hueston: Is that a good run rate to use going forward?
Tim S. Nicholls: No, I think it's in the range of we said. It was $21 million in the quarter, $21 million in the first quarter. And I think that's consistent with the range that we've provided before.
Claudia Hueston: Okay. Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde: Good morning John, good morning Tim.
John V. Faraci: Hey Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wondered if we could dig in a little bit on consumer packaging and you could give us sort of some sense kind of how the mill versus the converting side of that business are working?
John V. Faraci: Well, let me talk about the mills. There are three mills in the consumer packaging business Riegelwood, Augusta, and Texarkana. Texarkana is running very well and Riegelwood had a good quarter. Augusta had a bunch of operating problems. The real issue in consumer packaging that's bleached board business, the mill side of it is our costs are going up more than our prices are. And we're working on that account-by-account. So they had...industrial packaging and consumer packaging had a big margin squeezes in North America when we look at price versus cost. And we're starting.... we're making progress on those. We got to deal with the month customer at a time.
Mark Wilde: Okay. John over in the industrial packaging area, is it possible to give us some sense of what the Vicksburg restart looks like right now?
John V. Faraci: We're looking at the fourth-quarter.
Mark Wilde: You know when in the fourth-quarter?
John V. Faraci: No, we don't. That's is going to depend on timing. We've got materials ordered, labor scheduled, and we're mobilizing to get that done.
Mark Wilde: Okay and now that you haven't put on a date on when the Weyerhaeuser closing. I'm just curious once the deal does close will you be able to talk with us a little more clearly about sort of plans for the business and plans for the integration going forward or should we just wait to see kind of how that rolls out through press releases and things?
John V. Faraci: Well, we'll announce the Weyerhaeuser closing when it occurs, and we expect that to be early next month. Early next month is just around the corner. Since today is almost the last day of the month. And I think what we do is, on our third quarter release, which will be at the end of October. On the 31st, we will give you. Carol will be here... Carol Roberts will be here and we'll give you an deep-dive as we can give you on the Weyerhaeuser based on the first couple months of operation.
Mark Wilde: Would you said John just because the backdrop looks more difficult from an economic standpoint than it did when you announced the deal that you're more in clients to take action, sooner rather than later as you integrate these businesses?
John V. Faraci: That's really not the reason Mark, although you're right the economic environment is worse although looking at the GDP numbers this morning. I actually feel like its not at 1.9% GDP for the quarter. Really the fact that we can move faster is the integration planning that we've done. We've got all the management name, write down the facility managers. And as you know in this business, you want to have good alignment, because it's a decentralized business when you get off the box plants. People know what their jobs are. There's no uncertainty. We've announced the leadership team. We've got names of the Weyerhaeuser employee and also of the company. We are going to run a big chunk of the box business. So it's the planning we've done, both in the mill side and the box side that gives us the confidence that we can get more faster.
Mark Wilde: And final question. Anything that you can tell us about freight and fuel surcharges that you were looking at in the business. I think you had an invoice charge over at xpedx. I don't whether that's struck. And I don't know whether you're doing anything in the manufacturing businesses to try to try to recoup transport costs.
John V. Faraci: It's account-by account, business-by-business. We're not as successful as getting the surcharges in as our suppliers are getting surcharges into us. And we've got some pretty catch, but our pricing practices really don't work in high inflation level. The lessons we've learned is we've going back and re-thinking how we're doing pricing, again very aggressively in some business to remove faster, because the pricing decisions that we used to make don't work in a high inflation environment.
Mark Wilde: Good luck with Weyerhaeuser..
John V. Faraci: Can't wait to give you an update on it in a couple of months.
Mark Wilde: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman: Hi good morning. Going back to industrial packing, can you talk a little bit about the sequential price improvement you had. And just give a sense of how much of that would just be normal mix versus maybe something related how you shift your business to cope with the [indiscernible]?
John V. Faraci: Well if you look at the slide. I think it's 13 Gale. We really didn't get much price at all in North America, most of which are looking there at $2 a ton on board and $5 a ton on containers, it's going to be mess. So our prices I think... the way I think about is they are flat quarter-to-quarter and input costs went up $21 million. So we've announced the price increase to our customers and that will flow in a little bit in the third quarter, but most of it will flow in fourth quarter. So, we're behind the curve on industrial packaging.
Gail Glazerman: know you're behind the curve, but I was just wondering if there was anything sustainable in terms of mix improvement. Just another question looking at the slides on the back on wood cost. There is a pretty steep trajectory I guess in the last data point. And I'm just wondering how much... is that really just or is there something going on with the underlying cost of the wood?
John V. Faraci: No, that's it's mostly transportation driven Gale by two things, lack of chips because of what's happened in the housing market. We're having to go further for round wood, because we don't have the chips available to us that we're getting and fuel surcharges, with diesel over $5 or whatever it is today, our surcharges are starting in the low 2s.
Tim S. Nicholls: Harvesting costs.
John V. Faraci: Whichimpacts harvesting cost and transportation.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And just last question. If you can give a little more color on demand both in terms of industrial packaging and one could appreciate, the reported data has been very choppy at that. I'm just wondering if you can help us figure out what the real trend line might be.
John V. Faraci: The real trend line. If I knew that Gale, I would out there on our website. We're down 5% year-to-date. The industry... [indiscernible] is to sub-date its logistics. We couldn't figure out how seven was working when we looked at our business. And I'd ask Tom Kadien who is here. I mean he is right in the middle of commercial frame, kind of all around the country to stock, receives the customers' goods. It does vary market-to-market, customer-to-customer.
Thomas G. Kadien: Yes I think that commercial printing is still weak. Put it all together, as I call it printing and writing including coated and uncoated, but we're seeing, I'll say a flat spot in market. It has not gotten worse from where it was in May and June but... July is not a month where you are going to see anything get better either. So, it's kind of a weak market out there in print and office supplies.
John V. Faraci: If you look at the segments Gale, offset, envelope foam, imaging, they're all down about the same amount. There is nothing that's positive and something down double digits. You know our box business, again it's a segment-by-segment and we are up a little bit, quarter-over-quarter 2%, the industry is down and I think that this goes back to the next of durables, non-durables and food customers are winning in the marketplace. And we've got some customers who're growing with even though the market's down, because they are growing their business. And no question that weak dollar, or the dollar is helping some of our customers who are much more export competitive, when we're lined up with the right customers. And we got the business that helps on demand side. But, fundamentally all feels like a very, very weak economy coupled with high inflation.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. But, I mean similar to the comment about, slot and printing and writing, is the trend relatively stable kind of weakened, but stable, or is it getting... are you seeing any acceleration?
John V. Faraci: Well, we've got some areas where it's slow. We get back to school, which may be a bit of a lift. The elections are going to happen, and that duty supports paper demand that nothing and not for us to say, that we're going to see improvement. We just see a continuation of the trends that we've been living with since... really since about April. And, first part of the year start off a little stronger, and then it got progressively softer as the economy got softer. And that's kind of where we are.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes in the line of George Staphos with Banc Of America Securities.
John V. Faraci: Good morning, George.
George Staphos: Hey guys, very good quarter. Congratulations on it. I guess the first question more of knit type of question. The one time costs associated with the warehouse Weyerhaeuser I think you said $50 million or so. Will that largely hit third quarter or fourth quarter, or will it be spread pretty evenly as we try to model out?
Tim S. Nicholls: Hi, George, it's Tim.
George Staphos: Hi, Tim.
Tim S. Nicholls: It's going to be a bit lumpy, and it's not 50, we're expecting 50 and merger benefits this year.
George Staphos: Okay.
Tim S. Nicholls: 80 and it's a variety of things. I think it's going to depend as we close on the transaction and get in and start implementing. We'll be dealing with a number of factors. So, I'm not comfortable splitting that out at this point between the third and the second quarter.
George Staphos: That's fine. You mentioned that with Weyerhaeuser imply that the synergies looked to be, in line or better than you expected. And you clearly, it sounds like you're more enthusiastic with the transaction. What have you found, if you can share some of that detail? I know we'll have till wait for October 31 to get more of the detail, but what have you found thus far that's incrementally a bit better than perhaps you would even expected?
John V. Faraci: Well, we think... we're going to got new organizations, organized and defined, quicker than we thought. Everybody knows our job. So, we're able to make all the changes that we thought we might take several months to make. Make them faster. Warehouse has got some good facilities, and some good operations. And, we never thought, we're going to go have to go in for a fix it up type thing. But, we also found some things I think were going to benefit International Paper. They can't people out of project. They're doing we see some upside in that, in terms of capabilities going forward. But, I think, lot of it right now, George, and think about the merger benefits are going be bigger. We're thinking they're going to be faster. And, we're got to try to make them bigger, but, I think that the news here is, when we said the $400 million, we had it. I think we had $175 million in the first year.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yes.
John V. Faraci: And usually those things, not much happens for the first couple of months.
George Staphos: Sure.
John V. Faraci: We're going to get out of the shoot faster than we thought. So, that's the good news which makes Weyerhaeuser a positive cash flow as Tim said. And the only thing that helps this is Weyerhaeuser, people are pretty damn busy active about their packaging business becoming part of International Paper. And I think, that's a... from our previous experience that's a huge plus. We've got, everybody want the rug above the same way they want.
George Staphos: It's nice to be loved. And John is any of that shared learning if you want to call that part of the incremental IP, reduction you're talking about by 2010, or is that really separate in the way, you did...
John V. Faraci: That's just... of the $400 million of merger benefits, Weyerhaeuser were about $200 million of that. And that's kind of rounding here to make it simple, about $200 million of that is cost of estimate [ph]. Some out of Weyerhaeuser, some out of IP, is just how we do it. Over and above that, we're looking at our cost structure even if Weyerhaeuser wasn't happening to get another $150 million to $200 million or some of that happens with attrition. Some of it's actually happening now in different businesses, but we're committed to taking out some additional cost over and above the merger benefits.
George Staphos: Alright. Last question, and I'll turn it over, switching gears to uncoated freesheet. And within papers you are doing a terrific job and managing the decline and raising prices to offset inflation. Is there a demand environment, either a magnitude of decline or a greater than expected sustained period of decline that would begin to test your overall thesis regarding on credit free sheet within North America here, I'm speaking, and your strategy. Thanks guys. Good luck on quarter.
John V. Faraci: Yes, I'm just not going to speculate on what... how that would play out George. We're committed to balancing our capacity with our demand. We think we've got now, got low cost assets with recent run. But, we're going to balance supply and demand for our customers demand. And, the... so far that's working out. So, I don't want to forecast what we do it, we'll wait to see what it is, and then we'll respond to it.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Lehman Brothers.
Peter Ruschmeier: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations on a very good quarter. Maybe a question for Tim if I could. For raw materials, I believe that you're using primarily LIFO accounting. But, can you remind us in order the roughly what the sport is between FIFO, LIFO on your inputs?
Tim S. Nicholls: Off of the top of my head, Pete.
John V. Faraci: We've got some other experts sitting around.
Tim S. Nicholls: We have our Chief Accounting Officer sitting here with us. Pete, I suspect he is willing to say something on it.
Unidentified Company Representative: Principally, the raw materials and work in process, and finished goods in our North American operations are on a LIFO basis, whereas the non-U.S. operations are on different FIFO cost basis.
Peter Ruschmeier: Okay. That's helpful. And then John, I was curious if you could share a view that you may have on whether Russia will implement the export duties on logs. And if so, how will this affect Ilim if at all going forward?
John V. Faraci: Well, it can only be whatever they do, it can only be positive. It can't be a negative because we're both Ilim joint venture and in our 100% our own IP or almost 100% of our IP operations. We're processing all the fiber in Russia, and then shipping the product not shipping any fiber outside the country that we processed. Russia announced a set of log import duties which wood import duties, with export duties which go up significantly, and those are being negotiated with the affected country's right now, they can more of an issue in Scandinavia and it might be in China. But, wherever regardless to how that plays out, it can't be anything but a positive for us. And we're also... Ilim has moved ahead and started to apply capital to some of its forestry operations, which have substantially reduced their wood costs, because the infrastructure and equipment related investments which will lower wood costs significantly.
Unidentified Company Representative: You know Pete, just to add on to that. This is all a sign of course to increase investment in Russia for adding value to fiber. Those probably are most likely types of investments. First out will be on the wood product side. So, if you think about saw mills and plywood, increasing residual chip availability, it's a good thing for the paper and pulp mills as well.
Peter Ruschmeier: And, I guess, on related point, can you provide an update on the timing and amount of the various growth initiatives of Ilim? And do you have much of a timeframe yet for the pulp and packaging expansions going forward?
John V. Faraci: Well, I think Ilim announced, because they've had their opening ceremony, just opened box plant, which was part of the strategy to expand the industrial packaging business. They're working on the business plan. And Ilim Board is involved with CapEx in 2008 is going to be about $350 million, for Ilim which is flying away more than a center for them. They're working through that now so.
Unidentified Company Representative: Big chunk of that on the forestry side to upgrade, harvesting capabilities.
Peter Ruschmeier: Very good. Thank again.
Operator: Your next question is comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. And also congrats on a solid quarter and a challenging economy. Just quickly following up on the Russia, you trucked much your product through Finland?
John V. Faraci: We truck the product into Russia, most of what we produce in Russian is categorized [ph]... is sold in Russia. And that I think, we saw little bit in the Ukraine, but its..
Mark Weintraub: Okay great. Great. so, you're not trucking a lot through Finland.
John V. Faraci: No, no.
Mark Weintraub: Second--
John V. Faraci: The border is about three miles west of where our mill is.
Mark Weintraub: Second, on the Weyerhaeuser acquisition, I guess one of the things that really captures my attention is that it can generate a lot more free cash, than earnings in the year ahead, --
John V. Faraci: That we think too.
Mark Weintraub: Right. And can you help us a little bit better to understand the spreads between where cash taxes and book taxes will be, and only to the extent you can give us more color, on cap spending needs for the Weyerhaeuser business versus the DD&A?
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, what we said is that for 2009, our capital spending will be a $1 billion which will include the incremental spending for Weyerhaeuser. So, if you think about $200 million to $250 for Weyerhaeuser, and the rest of the company being around the $800 million level. So, the benefit... and I don't want to provide a forecast looking out of this point, what we said is, that the big benefit is in the tax shield getting the step-up on the assets. So, but we think it's a very powerful cash flow story.
Mark Weintraub: And the book DD&A for the Weyerhaeuser business, is that close to $500 million?
Tim S. Nicholls: Yes. You are around that.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Can you, are you willing to guess me what cash, the cash tax rate for the overall company might me, next year?
Tim S. Nicholls: Not yet.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly on the mineral rights, what you're selling here to Chesapeake, was that land that you owned, or is that from land which you had previously sold, but you held on to the sub-surface mineral rights?
John V. Faraci: It's land that we previously owned. We sold when we held on to sub-surface mineral rights.
Mark Weintraub: And when you listed in that slide, the net present value et cetera. of your land and mineral right holdings was that just for land that you owned, or did that also include your view potential value for mineral rights that you still hold from lands that you had sold?
John V. Faraci: It's just what you said Mark, it includes the land, plus the value of the mineral rights that we held in that land, including the transaction that we anticipate will close in the third quarter, Chesapeake Energy Corporation.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thank you. First of all, just on freesheet. The improvement we saw in June, is there any chance that there was some pre-buying, do you have any opinion on that?
John V. Faraci: Yes, there's no question there was some pre-buying and Tom Kadien is sitting here, he probably did some of that.
Steve Chercover: Okay. And can you give us the status of those machines that are under construction in Brazil?
John V. Faraci: Yes, the well, there is one machine, started up this plant for February... it's one machine and right on schedule. The really good news is, we're seeing very strong growth in Latin American market, both in Brazil and in the surrounding countries, and growing our volume in the region which, that for that machine was built to do serve the region. And as the Brazilian economy grows, consecutively now for a couple of years, you'll see less and less of that capacity go outside the region. Then the team... it's under construction in China, as Tim said started up last week, a couple of months ahead of schedule. And we're already making a close of production quantities of bleached board again. Almost all that of product is going to be sold in local markets.
Steve Chercover: So,that will be a little bit of accretion for the current quarter and then ramping from there?
John V. Faraci: Yes. And that capital is already in the ground, and the story in Asia, is the margins aren't as good, if you like to return on sales. But, the capital is we need to invest to get dollar of revenue is 30 to 40% of what it is here in North America or in Brazil.
Steve Chercover: Okay. And switching gears kind of follow on to Mark Weintraub's question. The mineral rights you just sold to Chesapeake apparently went up almost 20 fold in the last year. But, I'm not sure that you NPV for all the land change all that much. So, could be there some incremental value elsewhere, or did something change, you got a lot more for the mineral rights and yet the NPV didn't change that much?
John V. Faraci: In our view, the land value is down a little bit, and our view is the mineral value obviously is way up. And but, we're not selling land below our prices; we're just selling less of it. So, we're being very selective here about how we go at this. But, I'd say the conservative way to look at this would be the mineral value, the last [ph] leakage we've had in the land values.
Steve Chercover: And what's funny that you should say that. Why do you think the land values are going down, is it because some of this development land, or because timber values are going down. So, people are doing in NPV, because I think some of your other friends in REIT land haven't been talking that way?
John V. Faraci: Have what?
Steve Chercover: Haven't necessarily been saying that land values are going down.
John V. Faraci: Well. We can't speak to that because we've sold all our land about a year and half ago. And we know our price solid for it, we are not selling a lot of straight timberland. I think hurdle rates and discount rates have gone up. What people are looking at, they're going to invest in land that's got some development potential whether it's commercial or residential down the road. In each properties we have, are adjacent to some land owner or recreation properties really different markets. But, I think just to be conservative, since we haven't banked all the value yet, they've monetized it all. We're saying, we still see about $1.5 billion of value in that whole portfolio which we talked to you about two years ago, and maybe will be a little more, maybe not. But, we think that the there certainly is some buffer to whatever happens on the real estate side, with what's happening on the mineral rights and energy side.
Steve Chercover: Okay. Great. Last two question on that front. Would you still be willing to crystallize the entire NPV today, if the right bit came along? And are you seeing any friction from people who would finance these transactions?
John V. Faraci: The answer to that is, yes and no. Yes, we would. No, we haven't.
Steve Chercover: Thank you very much. Congratulations.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore: Good morning, John.
John V. Faraci: Good morning.
Richard Skidmore: Just a quick question on slide 9, which is the price cost slide. If you were to look at the end of 2008, and given what you've currently announced for price and your expectations for inflation, would you expect that pricing cost to be in line, at the end of the year or do you need some additional price to offset cost inflation?
John V. Faraci: And I think Richard... I think you have look at the different businesses, be closer on papers, be behind on packaging and probably we'll need more price to catch up, given the current view of input costs.
Richard Skidmore: And then, just maybe to clarify on the paper side of things. Would you expect that you're closer to the cost inflation in paper in the third quarter, given that the pricing was going in, in June?
John V. Faraci: Please, I'm sorry Richard, say that one more time?
Richard Skidmore: Well, just... I guess, just in terms of the price cost for the printing papers business, with the price increase that was announced and being implemented in June, would you expect that sort of in the third quarter you'd be closer to in line with the inflation?
John V. Faraci: Yes.
Richard Skidmore: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret: Well, thank you. I want sort of look at, what you're doing to lower your energy costs in terms of energy related projects. And I think I'll ask that by... the question I had is what percentage of your $1 billion CapEx this year is dedicated to energy-related projects? And can you give us an example of the most potent project? And then going forward, I mean, your CapEx goes down for the Weyerhaeuser business, will you be expanding that given the environment we're in? So, if can you address that please?
John V. Faraci: well, it's probably a couple of $100 million, over the last two years or roughly say, maybe 15% to 20% of our capital budget, it's been going to energy consumption reduction projects. And, they vary by mill. But what we're doing is we're working on substituting lower cost energy sources, but the best way to attack this is to reduce the Btus for a paper made, and we're down about 25% over the last couple of years. And Tim is saying a little more than that. And the hurdle rate we're using on these projects, is about 35%. So, we're investing ones that are very, very attractive, with short paybacks. And we'll be looking at the Weyerhaeuser mills, to see if there are any opportunities to do that.
Tim S. Nicholls: The fall-off in capital spending for IP's base business before Weyerhaeuser is just a reflection of the conclusion of some of the strategic projects we've been investing in like the paper machine in Brazil, and the board machine in China. So, we still have rooms for energy consumption reduction projects in our capital plan.
Joshua Zaret: Is that something you see accelerating given the current environment?
John V. Faraci: Well, we're going to continue to apply a higher hurdle rate, and short payback. I think the energy prices over the last five or six years, and say they have been quite volatile. No one thought they go as low as they did go. And certainly, no one thought which we didn't think they go as high as they are currently are. So, we are not going to invest in sizeable capital projects that have seven year paybacks. And, we're going to do all the ones that have short paybacks as very attractive returns, first, then we got a long list of those to work on. As we get into Weyerhaeuser mills and to box plants, we'll see what those opportunities are. And start to pick off the low hanging fruit first but, I feel pretty good about our capital spending Josh in terms of being able to do the things you needed to keep up facilities competitive or also take advantage of some of the cost reduction opportunities. We are not investing in North America to add any capacity. And as Tim said, our two capacity projects will be completed by the basically end of this year.
Joshua Zaret: Okay. And final question, there was a... there seems to be a jump in your intercompany pulp sales, where did that occur and what was the reason?
Tim S. Nicholls: Would you say it again Josh, I'm sorry?
Joshua Zaret: There seems to be a jump in the quarter in your intercompany pulp sales. And I was wondering, where that was occurring and the reason?
Thomas A. Cleves: I'll follow up with you Josh, I'm not sure we know that level of detail, but I'll find out and come back to you.
Joshua Zaret: Okay. Thank you.
John V. Faraci: Don't know.
Thomas A. Cleves: You stopped the panel on the last question Josh.
Joshua Zaret: Okay, great thanks.
Thomas A. Cleves: You're welcome. Thanks everybody, this is Tom again. Crystal now, thanks for all your today. Emery and I'll be available via phone for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
John V. Faraci: Thanks a lot.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Cleves - VP of IR John V. Faraci - Chairman and CEO Tim S. Nicholls - Sr. VP and CFO Thomas G. Kadien - Sr. VP
Analysts: Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.) Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Paper First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn today's call over to Tom Cleves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Tom Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, Cynthia. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining International Paper's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. This call is also being webcast. Our key speakers this morning are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Faraci, and Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, Tim Nicholls. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are outlined on slide two of our earnings presentation and at the end of our earning press release. We will also present certain non-U.S GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website at internationalpaper.com under the Investors tab. The website also contains copies of the first quarter earning press release and today's presentation slide. I'll now turn the call over to John.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom and good morning everybody. As Tom said, we announced our first quarter earnings this morning. First quarter earnings from continuing operations before special items were $0.41 a share. These earnings reflect lower forest products earnings,which we expected, and escalating input cost, which we didn't expect, and they increased at a much greater than expected rate. Putting that $0.41 in the context, it still was the second best first quarter we had in eight years. But relative to the fourth quarter, our results reflect about $150 million or $0.24 a share in reduced forest products earnings. And relative to fourth quarter, input cost also increased by $90 million or $0.14 a share, which is three times the positive impact of pricing we got in the first quarter relative to the fourth. Paper and packaging volumes in North America declined slightly, but these declines were offset by increased volumes outside North America. Our first quarter earnings reflected a 29% sales growth and 18% operating profit growth in our non-U.S. operations, and the EBITDA margins of those non-U.S. operations are about 600 basis points higher than our U.S. EBITDA margins. First quarter earnings also include the positive impact of Ilim's fourth quarter earnings and we're putting those in for the first time. And we'll talk a little bit more about Russia later on. Now I'll ask Tim to comment on our first quarter results in a little more detail and then I'll come back and wrap it up.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thanks John and good morning everybody. Before I get into some of the slides, I just want to let everyone know that most of the material that I'm going to cover today is going to be on a year-over-year basis. We've included the fourth quarter comparison in the appendix of the presentation, but given the seasonal nature of our business, we think the year-over-year comparison is more meaningful. So, if you look at slide four, it compares our first quarter results with the first quarter of 2007, and we achieved improvements in price and volume and cost mix, but the improvements were largely offset by the rapid rise that John mentioned in input cost, and now it did contribute $0.04 per share to our earnings. And over the next few slides, I'll give you some more details on the different factors that impacted earnings. On slide five, look at volumes. Volumes for most of the businesses improved slightly on a global basis, although there were some differences between regions, we'll cover some of that. Printing papers was flat year-over-year on with North America being down about the same amount as Brazil was up, and Europe was flat. Other businesses were up, but volumes softened near the end of the quarter. We were stronger in January and February than we were in March. And we think there is several factors that led to the lower volumes at the end of the quarter. The economy being one of them, weakening throughout the quarter as we experienced it, but we also think there was buying ahead of price increase announcements, especially in uncoated freesheet. And we also think that the earlier Easter holiday had an impact on shipments towards the end of the quarter. On slide six, we give you a breakdown of input cost and this is on a global basis, and you can see that our costs increased year-over-year by $160 million with the largest increases in energy and chemicals. And on slide seven, the chart that we've shown you before, but you can see the ground that we made up in 2006 and 2007, and we fell a little bit behind in the first quarter given the rapid increase in input costs. On slide nine, this is I guess slide eight, we've given you a little bit more detail than we've given in the past, and so we broken out the input costs increase by segment and again, this is on a global basis. You can see the printing papers absorbed about 55% of the total costs of inflation, due to increases in North America, but also we had a spike in energy price in Brazil and we had higher wood cost in Europe. Moving on to corporate items, before I get into the segment results, what I like to do is just set it up a little bit. Our first quarter expenses were down above 10% versus the first quarter of 2007. And the other point on this slide that I want to make and I think most of you have already seen this, we have restated our operating segment performance by allocating more of the corporate expense items out to the business. And we did this to facilitate better peer comparisons and so all of the numbers that you're about to see, will be on a restated basis for current and historical to reflect the new allocations. So with that, let's turn over printing papers. Overall earnings were up $18 million year-over-year and if you look at the business by geography, North American printing papers was up $11 million, but we had an offset and a short fall in pulp earnings that was caused by issues in two mills, operational issues in two mills in January and February, since... which have since been corrected. Brazil was up, reflecting the incremental lease in [indiscernible], but was offset by a spike in energy costs and a heavier mix of our sale to the export markets. On slide 11, you can see sales increasing by $175 million over the first quarter of 2007. Year-over-year, volumes declined with the exception of Brazil, as I mentioned a minute ago. And on slide 12, you can see that in the case of printing papers, price has kept pace with input costs, but the volume shortfall, which was about $9 million, was primarily due to the conversion of our Pensacola conversion to the light weight linerboard production that we made during the course of last year. Now let's turn to industrial packaging. Year-over-year, industrial packaging increased by 24 million, with improvements both in North America and Europe. And you can see on slide 14 that pricing increase versus both period, both fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of last year, container volume was flat compared to last year and slowed during the quarter. European margins improved, but we saw some softness in the industrial markets and we also saw some softness in some of the agricultural segments around the Mediterranean. On slide 15, you can see that we've made improvements in price, volume and costs mix, which totaled up to $69 million, but was offset by $45 million increased input costs. Turning to consumer packaging; sales increased by $55 million and earnings decreased by $26 million, so did paperboard in the U.S. volume increased by 4%, and selling prices increase by $31. And if you look at slide 17, you can see the waterfall chart there. Price and volume increasing about $16 million, but input costs of $27 million eroding all of that. And Shorewood, first quarter earnings declined significantly. We talked about this on the last call of the... for the fourth quarter call, but we continue to see decline in demand for the home entertainment segment and we also see continuing shifts of tobacco production away from North America. Slide18 shows the xpedx earnings decline; this is the year-over-year change due to incremental overhead allocations. If you exclude those allocations, xpedx earnings were up slightly from the first quarter of 2007, despite an increase in bad debt. And we think that bad debt issue was isolated, but despite the increase in bad debt and the start up expense of our Canadian units. As we exited the first quarter, xpedx's order volume reflected a slowdown in the commercial printing and the financial services sector. Turning to forest products, in the first quarter, we sold 13,000 acres of mostly small parcels of land at an average price of just under $1,900 per acre. The reduced price per acre reflects a lower quality mix of land, and we continue to experience selling prices for the mix of land that we have at the original appraised values. So, the difference in price from the fourth quarter to the first quarter is simply the change in mix of land that we were selling. For 2008, we expect forest products earnings to still be in the range that we have given before $185 million to $275 million, and it will continue to be back half of the year weighted as we go through land transactions in 2008. On page 20, first look at Ilim, we did report $0.04 in earnings for our share of the joint venture's earnings. That was $17 million. That included $4 million unrealized foreign exchange gain on debt remeasurement and also $6 million one-time charge for fair market value adjustments to inventory at the IP acquisition date. Ilim experienced continuing strong demand in pricing for pulp and paper products, and their EBITDA margins actually exceeded 20%. We've also... the Board of Directors at Ilim have recently approved an $350 million capital investment plan, and the capital investment plan includes roughly $200 million of projects related to improvements in forestry and milk productivity, and also $150 million in environmental regulatory and cost reduction projects. I'll finish up on cash flow. You can see that cash flow improved by about 45% in the first quarter versus last year and that's even with an increase in capital spending of $85 million, which is primarily directed at the total board machine at our Sun joint venture and the uncoated paper machine in Brazil. We also saw improvements in working capital, inventory and receivables management in the quarter. So, with that I will turn it back over to John to wrap up.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Before I comment on current business conditions and talk about second quarter, let me give you a brief update on our acquisition of warehouses, industrial packaging business. The integration of these assets give us a great opportunity to create the best containerboard and box businesses scale in the world. We are pretty confident, very confident this is going to generate TCF returns in excess of 15%, a very compelling financial return for this. We've been working on the integration plans over the last month and even more convinced we get into it that there are great opportunities and some of them will come fairly early to realize the operating synergies. With these synergies we're going to increase our EBITDA by more than $1 billion from our 2005 baseline, which is illustrated on slide 23. Another way to think about that, that's all the earnings that went away with divested businesses which we brought in $11 billion in proceeds. So this left hand pie chart on slide 23 shows the composition of our 2005 EBITDA of $2.8 billion. In 2005, forest products and divested businesses generated nearly 50% of our total EBITDA. By the end of 2007, we'd replace all the earnings of the divested businesses even as far as products earnings declined by 35%. The right pie chart shows that with the addition of warehouses and the associated synergies, we are going to increase our EBITDA by 40% and we'll generate nearly 90% of our earnings from these core paper packaging businesses. So, with that, go to slide 24, if you would. Where we are in terms of getting ready for the closing; we filed the regulatory approval papers in early April and meeting with the regulatory agencies to respond to their questions. The integration teams have been working a lot with both internally and with warehouses, with the heavy emphasis on developing systems for providing integration services and getting off to a fast start. We continue to plan on finalizing the acquisition during the third quarter and we are also very focused on running the existing businesses while we're doing that. So let's turn our attention now to business conditions in the second quarter. What we try to do here is frame this up with kind of red, yellow, green slide. So, you can see what's going on around the world in the businesses. Looking ahead to pricing in the second quarter, we expect paper prices to increase as we realize the announced increases that we have already announced. We expect containerboard pricing to be similar to first quarter levels. With respect to volume, we anticipate demand for printing papers to decline slightly and market pub volume to increase. Containerboard volume will decline slightly due to increased maintenance outages we have in North America. But we do expect our European box volume to improve. Our second quarter earnings will reflect a $60 million increase, a $60 million in maintenance outages. So it's a big maintenance outage quarter for us. And a significant improvement in operations, which will offset a big chunk of that increased outage expense. Our results are also going to reflect unfortunately, continuing high input costs. We expect forest products earnings to improve slightly from first quarter levels. So, in summary, despite a very weak U.S. economy and some uncertainty about when it's going to get better, if input cost remains similar to the already high levels we've experienced in the first quarter, we would expect second quarter earnings to be higher than first quarter levels. So, now let me just turn it back to Tom and we'll open it up to your questions.
Tom Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Cynthia, we are ready to entertain questions please. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Chip Dillon with Citi.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Yes, good morning.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Chip. How are you?
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: I am doing well. Let me make sure, I just got this right because I think this perhaps demonstrates how the cost have really snagged up on you. I know you mentioned the $161 million in cost year-to-year, did you say $990 million just from the fourth quarter to the first?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, 990.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay. And I know you have mentioned there is a lot of uncertainty, obviously we are just a month into the quarter, but if we sort of froze things where they were now assume no new increase or decrease, could you give us a guess as to how much further they would be up in the second versus the first?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I can't. I just don't have on my finger tips Chip what our input costs were in March relative to what they were in January and February. But as I've said, if we froze input cost that's first quarter average. And we got some ups and downs in there, so I do not think you generally say they are going up from where they were in markets, some are and GAAP is certainly up, oil is certainly up. But at input cost in the first quarter averaged what they held level; we would expect our second quarter earnings to improve.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Got you. And then can you talk a little bit about the consumer packaging segment? I am assuming that the fluff hope you are increasingly selling out of places like I believe Riegelwood, is actually flowing through printing and writing. So you might confirm that?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Just talk a little bit about how you see that unfolding this year again not really talking about pricing but maybe with the situation at Shorewood.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Shorewood is in a toughest. A lot of other customers moving from North America to other places like Mexico. We close two plants last year and eight of those cost in operating earnings. We've got $5 million in our first quarter, that's Tim mentioned is closing a big plant in Canada. There is more to come, more cost associated with that, another $20 million that will have to take this year. And having said all that, keep in mind, in Shorewood is less than 2% of our capital and less than 3% of our sales. So, it's not a needle mover, and let me do with our food service business, which is struggling a couple years ago and is now making record profits. And we think we can significantly improve both top line at Shorewood and the bottom line, which is the most important line. On the bleach board side, really what bleached board is getting hit with is there in its input cost price. Regarding cup stock, cup stock prices have moved up, folding carton prices have moved up enough to offset input costs. So those are the three segments that are impacted. Food service is doing well and Shorewood issue is rightsizing its cost structure and getting replacement revenues loss and bleach board is recovering some of the input costs that we had to experience.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Got you. And then just last question, can you talk about sort of what your sort of guess is that this early stage towards directionally what CapEx would do on an consolidated basis for 2009. I would assume the Sun spending will be behind you. I didn't know if there was any early look to what we might see for next year whether it might?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're going to be...our targets is less than a billion dollars with warehouse.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: So including warehouse.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah that's the target.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Got you. Thank you.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Chip, if you look in the appendix on slide 33 you'll see the quarter-over-quarter input costs increases.
Chip Dillon - Smith Barney Citigroup: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning John. I wondered if you could...I wondered if you could talk kind of from the big picture standpoint, and how you'll manage this situation where in right now where we've got kind of the weak volumes, because the economy, but we were in atypical situation where you know there is pressure on commodity prices?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Wellthere is cost side of it and there is the price. On the costs side we're looking to take out transportation miles where we can. We now have the ability to actually understand what transportation miles are with the supply chain improvement particularly to our container board business, so managing transportation now in our industrial packaging business is almost as significant as labor costs. That's one piece. We're redirected our capital budgets significantly to energy consumption reduction projects. They make good sense economically and obviously they make good sense environmentally using less energy. We're doing things like improving our woodyard productivities so we can process round wood, which means we don't have to go to as far to replace wood. Its gone away, because the housing market are in such poor shape that the chip supplier has dried up, and obviously we are managing our cost as tightly as we can, and we think we can do it even tighter. That's the cost side, we're aggressively moving on price wherever and when ever we can.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay could you...is it possible to get any additional color from you on kind of where yousee pricing you two biggest businesses over the next kind of three to six months. It doesn't sound to me like your assuming that the this container board hike is going to do anything in the second quarter from the end of the discussion comments that you made?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we think in container board prices...our prices did not go up. ALL we can talk about our prices.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Right
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our inventories are in good shape. Demand for container board impact strong and we don't chase box volume. Box plant utilization is not what International Paper is about in our container business. We'll go to any channels that sell container board and right now there are lots of channels to sell contain board into. Having said that our prices are basically flat. In printing papers our prices have done a better job of offsetting input costs. And we've announced the...we think we're going to realize the announcements got at a [Indiscernible] price across the board.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, do you have any visibility in terms of non-maintenance down time as we look over the next three months. I mean which sounds to me like you re seeing some of the slowdown's in the printing and writing business that we saw in industry data for March?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No or big in printing papers is the absence of Pensacola and we have Pensacola. I think our equipments were down 8% in first quarter compared to the first quarter of last year. Pensacola accounts for about 10% of that, so we were down more than the industry just, because they have less capacity, and our inventories are in good shape. We run our mills to meet demands. We do not run to just, because we can produce, and as you know Mark we do not comment on down time forecast, rather there has been maintenance outages.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Mark its Tim. If you look at printing papers at Pensacola ear-over-year, the business was actually slightly ahead, so the volume shortfall is almost totally impacted by Pensacola conversion.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I thought I had heard you when you talked about xpedx mentioning that late in the quarter you have seen some of the slowing from the economy?
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well in printing papers, we have certainly saw at the end of March was slower than the January, and February, so there is no question the economy has slowed, and its having impact on commercial printing, and we think about direct mail. An envelop and the direct mail segment in financial services has really been severally impacted. There are less solicitations for credit cards, less solicitations for home equity loans, so business with Taplon [ph] and Citigroup is way down, and we are seeing the impact to that in our converting the segment that runs that [indiscernible] business. Cap size is okay.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, very good. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.): Hi.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Gail how are you this morning.
Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.): Good thanks. Just kind of carrying on. There are questions on demand in to your box business. If I am reading correctly your volumes were up on the same day basis. I am wondering if you can talk a little bit more about what you are seeing specifically in North America box demand?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The box demands reflecting Gail as you would expect what's going on in the economy. It's pretty weak. The durable segment has been and continuously be awful. I mean its housing and auto related. The non-durable segment is better, but its consumers are adjusting their spending habits, because the economy has slowed, I think, I was worried before we were talking our way recession. Now we succeeded. We've been successful. We are in one regardless of what the GDP number is. The consumers believe we are, and I think we're seeing a pullback in spending, which is impacting the box demand.
Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.): Okay and looking at the printing papers business, as you're raising prices in this sector [ph] environment just carrying it forward. Have you seen any signs of any signs of the kind of price. I mean I guess you are talking about the weakness in financial services direct mailing and of price elasticity, the demand as you are pushing through these increases. How dramatic do you think that could impacting volume or do you think it could?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think it is Gail. Its hard to take a month. The shipment numbers in March were down pretty sharply. The shipment numbers in the first quarter were not down nearly as much as March, they were down like 3% year-over-year, that about in line where we've been, so there has been substitutions going out in the paper segment and some of these grades for long time that going to continue. So, I don't see any real shift and look we've got a lot of input cost inflation flowing through a lot of commodity products, paper being one of them and you just got to pass those through in the form of pricing.
Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.): Okay and when you look at stronger global growth relative to the U.S. Are you finding it... what type of issues would you have servicing some of that out our U.S. in terms of shipping backlog and is that an issue and are they getting any better or worse?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well global demand for container board is up 3 to 4%. Our export volumes and container board are up. We've really don't have a whole lot of capacity to move around because we shrunk our footprint. Our whole strategy here is for International Paper not to have more capacity than we need and then when we have low costs capacity to run it, so we've taken out the high costs stuff, and we're going to continue to not build our inventories. So we've been selling products. I mean pulp market obviously been very strong. The container board market partially, but not solely, because of the U.S. dollar has been strong and expect it will continue to be. So, we have some options. In the box business our container board we're more than willing to go to different channels to sell linerboard but we recognize it's a highly competitive market at all ends.
Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.): Okay, but you haven't done yourself unable to service export demand, because of shipping...a lot shipping since?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is no question, yet there is congestion at the ports. We are having a hard time. If the product doesn't arrive at port exactly when it suppose to and that particularly true in pulp, we don't get the shipment out. Brazil the expansion of exports out of Brazil is having a hard time. So there is port congestion kind of everywhere, storage to containers you name it. So from perspective we've got to manage that very carefully to make sure we can get what we want going into right direction at the right time.
Gail Glazerman - UBS (U.S.): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Claudia Hueston with JP Morgan.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Thanks very much. Good morning.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Claudia, how are you?
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: I'm okay thank you. I just had a couple of questions on costs. I was hoping if you just talk a little bit about the costs situation in printing papers in both Brazil, and Europe. Have power cost in Brazil improved, and may be just comment on what fiber cost in Europe as they stabilizes the dollar. Are they still going at time.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The energy situation in the Brazil has improved dramatically. We were looking at in January about a $60 million annualized cost increased just for electricity, just a one facility. We now think that's going to be probably $20 to $30 million year-over-year.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay,
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, so still high, still up, but change dramatically which just shows you the volatility of the energy market there. You know costs in Europe are up as they are in U.S, because that are affected by world energy prices. They've been moving up, so we got the same issues around transportation cost, some chemical cost in Europe, different sort of dynamics around wood cost, but generally speaking wood cost in Europe and Russia are up for a different set of reasons and they are up in North America.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As I said our profit were up sharply outside North America. Our margins look better.The overall cost structures are good and demand is growing.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Yeah in terms is this your overall energy exposure. Are you hedged on natural gas at all going forward?
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Claudi its Tim. We are hedged for 2008 where about 70% hedged on our buy.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: Okay and then just on the corporate cost. The guidance I guess is 140 to 160 for the year, but in the first quarter it was a little bit low at $21 million, so how do we think about that trajectory of those cost going forward and them may be just if you could comment a little bit on in terms of thinking about the occasion of the supply chain spending with in the segments in sort of how do you think about that that is been we move in to 2009 and I guess the spending sort of moves from container board of corrugated rubber, the spending is this year to some of the other areas?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah and what we've done is that I mentioned earlier as we tried to push out so there we get, we put the businesses on a more comparable basis to some of peers. The 140 to 160 is probably going to be awaited a little bit heavier to the back end of the year, because of some of the supply chains spending, but that's still planning out. And it's beginning to shift now between we've been largely completed in industrial packaging around the board mills. We're starting the implementation in the printing papers mills and looking forward to 2009, we're going to have to access how warehouse impacts that. So we are trying to work through that analysis now and probably have more to say about in the next quarter.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan: C; Okay, great thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Following up on that question, can you gives us Tim a little more of sense of what the categories have expenses that were reallocated were, and what the basis of reallocation is. I guess I'm a little bit surprised even though I do understand that the expenses are shifting that printing and writing is seeing so much of it relative to industrial papers, industrial packaging.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Industrial packaging, it's a combination of things Mark and Tom can walk you through more of the details, but generally what we're doing is we're looking at things that may have been more directly tied to certain types of businesses that had not been allocated in the past. We have [Indiscernible] inventory charges. Some of the stuff is cash, some of it's not cash. And I think if you referencing the printing papers section what we're doing is where allocating in some cases where it's not directly tied to the performance of the business on a capital employed basis. We looked at it with a lot of different methodologies and brand the numbers in different ways and it doesn't really make a whole lot difference in terms basis for allocation, so we are trying to keep it simple.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you, I'll follow-up with Tom. There is just one question for John on what's going on with Russia. We are starting to see some of the Scandinavians announce more projects particularly in pulp in Russia not necessarily a 100% voluntary on their part I suppose, and I am just wondering how you look at over the next five years. Is that going to meaningfully change the competitive dynamics that you guys are looking at?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well you've got to remember Mark that the...most of these projects in Russia are projects they have been on the drawing board for years, so there is not a lot of brand new ones and there is a huge amount of infrastructure that needs to go into getting those projects off the ground, so the time frame, I suspect is going to be very, very long. It's not impossible, but long, and Russia is sitting on, it's got a huge software [ph] surplus, so the fiber there is available, and eventually that fiber will get used I think, but the time frame. We looked at Greenfield options when we are looking at what to do and it wasn't clear that Ilim's was going to be what we did and we just said through the risk, the time frame on the capital cost is huge, and the Scandinavians may actually do some of those, and I we are also in a steady phase.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: So when you think about the resources you are going to need, the people, and the equipment, you are not worried that any of these projects are going to come out in the same time frame and make that more difficult for you?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's tough. Capital projects in Russia are tough now, because of equipment and people. So there is no question of Russia. We start of our BT&T project, is doing great. We started up six months late though and most of that was around delivery equipment, and getting labor into get the project finished. Now we are selling. All we can make at higher prices and producing more than we thought, but it came on six month late. So that's just a snap shot of capital projects in Russia and it's the same across a lot of industries.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I would just add to that Mark, that one region of Russia can be dramatically different than a lot of region in terms of labor availability, and mobile that labor is, so.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The other thing Mark I would say that it gives us an advantage of having a Russian partner is a big help. That's going to feel very differently doing it with some of those who has been there and done that, and someone is trying to do the first time.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks very much I appreciated.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks everyone good morning.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: How are you?
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Pretty good John. I wonder if you could to give us to get a little more detail on the improvement. I think you mentioned in operations you expect in the second quarter and again if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of the sequential increase and maintenance outages in 2Q. Any larger projects behind that. A related question, I didn't see much of the benefit this quarter if I read the slides right from non-price improvement, if that's correct. What was going on there and what should we expect in 2Q and then I have some follow-ons?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Do you want to take Staphos?
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes in term of the maintenances outages George, its simply one way to thin about is in term of timing, because we have to take the charge in the quarter and so its just as the mill maintenance schedules play out and I think we have a slide in the appendix, but if you look at our planned maintenance outages for the year we are very much front half of the year weighted. So if I reveal the numbers, we're going to about two-thirds of the way through in the first half with lighter schedules in the third and fourth quarter.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 38 and 39.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes pages 38 and pages 39. In terms of non-price improvement we make good progress in term of volume and mix in the first quarter. And on the manufacturing side given the inflation that we experienced. So, it's really we think the volume and the mix initiatives will continue to play out in the second quarter. It's going to depend on what happens with input costs and certainly a lot of the initiatives are based on how we run and at this point we think we're running well. Now we think will run better in the second quarter we did in the first.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We left $25 million on the table in operations in the first quarter. We did not have a good running quarter in Jan, February is better in January, March is better than February and April is going better than March, but we didn't run well in the first quarter at all.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Why that was related us to as you as you said, I thought you said in pulp John in the first quarter.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we as we [Indiscernible] didn't impact pulp, but [indiscernible] did. We will have some production on the table at Georgetown Pensacola So we had couple issue in Europe. So by and large we typically run very well all the time. This was the quarter when we didn't and we're on it.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. As far as early April trends John, could you gives us any sense for what you're seeing in uncoated [Indiscernible] in particular realizing in month-to-month demand can swing fairly very volatile
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Looks likes the end of March.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: A: Yeah.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the end of March was not as good as the beginning of March.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay I guess you would attribute it to then more to the macro earnings else. Stepping back you said year-to-date isn't running much below wit the normal trends has been in uncoated free sheet for the last several years, but I also remember in the past that you'd expecting maybe a little more of a boost this year because the elections, because of the easy comparison, so is there any shift ha you're seeing versus entirely due to the macro economic environment as you see right now.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think sounds the macro economic environment for sure. You think about what going on display I was thinking about direct mail. Typically when there is a postal increase which it was. There is an impact on paper consumption and then that leaped off after a couple of quarters. Now we've had couple new segment and user segments like direct mail in the financial services area really pull back sharply as those end users like financial institutions adjust what there doing to reflect the problems that financial services sector is having. The election, now quarter is going to help but there are bunch of plusses and minuses. I don't think we ever said we thought the year-over-year comps were easy and we think that structurally this business is one is not showing growth doesn't look like newsprint but its were managing to what it is which is a big important business that's of showing negative growth patterns to it.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. I appreciate that. We'll comeback at a later point. I guess last question in term of what you're seeing in Europe. I think you'd made some comments that for the box business and may be little bit of agriculture and Mediterranean that will be seasonal I guess, but some color there would be helpful and you also mentioned I though that some of the industrial end markets were little bit weaker if I heard you right an you give us some color there, thanks good luck in the quarter.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure George, the economy is pretty much overall. We are in primarily Western Europe on the industrial side and so you have got France, Italy, and Spain. Just hasn't been as robust. It's not as bad a North America but it hasn't been as robust as we would like it to be. On the agricultural side, the crops kind of come through quarter-by-quarter, so what's grown in one quarter shifts to a different crop. Citrus has been weak, but we picked up volume in other areas, tomatoes have been strong. So, it's just going to as we shift from first quarter to second quarter to obey rotation of crops that we'll be factoring. We'll have to see how those play out in the quarter.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, thank you.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Rick.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: John, just wanted to ask quickly on the land side, how much land is remaining in the four segment and it's the mix that we saw in the first quarter representative of what's remaining or is it more likely you have been selling in the fourth quarter?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have got about 300,000 acres left Rick and the mix is going to be all over the place.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think as Tim said we have appraisals on all the land. We got some high value lands, some low value lands left in the portfolio. And take it this way we've got less than 5% of our land left. So, fundamentally were and I say we are out of land business obviously we can set the maximize the value of that last 300,000 acres and whether we do over the long tail or do it all at once, is going to be function of we are indifferent about that but we want maximize the value on it. And this was happened to be a late quarter or better quarter slightly as well. So, it's going to very choppy when those land sales command over the next couple of years, and maybe choppy up or choppy down.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: And then just following up on one of the earlier questions on the inflation, as I look at your slides, the account slides 45 to 48. They go through the respective cost of starch and energy and wood fiber and what not. The trend clearly is up in the first quarter through March.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. First let's do that.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: I am just wondering John you mentioned that if the frosty average in the first quarter of inflation that you'd expect second quarter to be better, but it looks like the trend is clearly higher in March versus the average. Have you seen inflation costs level off, come down continue up into April?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can't tell you, Rick, just haven't looked the I some have I mean the price of oil is been dancing around and that affects through fuel surcharges, a lot of what we do. Natural gas prices as Tim said were hedged on a big chunk of our natural gas and some of these commodities like wax, like caustic soda, like starch, we are not pricing them for order, we are pricing them on a quarterly basis. I don't think much of it's on a monthly basis. So it's the answer is a little bit of yes and a little bit of no.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then John just bigger pictures as we are in this
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I'd say Rick, we are not expect we are not expecting big increases. I mean we've already had explosion of input cost $90 million quarter-over-quarter. So, I don't want to predict we hit ceiling but we are the best guess we can make is they stay where are in the first quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: And I think that's the way we have approached to this. We look at the performance of our businesses; we are not expecting them to fall back to the levels that were at the end of the fourth quarter.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: And then John just bigger pictures as you look at what's happening with inflations. Is there any view or any ability to start thinking about pricing such that you can build in the inflation areas, the pressures that you are seeing or the more firm on pricing or is the trade up between being much more aggressive on pricing and the lost volumes such as lost volumes have bigger impact?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lots the way we think about it is lost volume is not the biggest impact. And we manage our pricing looking at what makes this most money, now what shifts just the most volume, and like I was saying about the box business. We don't run to fully utilize box plans as they get impossible to do that. If you look at pricing and printing papers we have been very successful of getting through pricing offset and input cost in a business to start business they are all very competitive. The printing paper business bleached board, containerboard. So competition is the only doubt there which is an recognizant effort, we don't chase its volume, we chase profitability.
Rick Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from our Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. On the corporate expense allocations, at onetime I think you had anticipated that the corporate expense would be coming down $150 million, $200 million once the supply chain spending was all done etc. So, is that improvement now going to show up in the segments and when might we expect that to occur and I have recognized that having warehouse that might changes a little bit but if we treat warehouses separately for now.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Mark, it's Tim. We have said that peak cash spending on the supply chain project is going to be this year and peak expense next year and then winding down 2010-2011. And that hasn't changed if you look at IP ex-warehouses. And you would see some of that most of that decreased in the business segments as it happens. You will see a smaller piece of it at corporate remaining and we'll have to see how warehouse replace that.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: And is the other types of numbers that we had been thinking about the possibility that spending or at least what gets expensed would go down by about a $150 million or so, is that so?
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's still a good number to use.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier with Lehman Brothers.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: How are you?
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Hi John. Good Thanks. Many questions for Tim if I could on working capital, I'm curious on your expectation as you go through the year on how much of an opportunity or not you see in working capital?
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we budgeted improvement. There is a lot of factors going on. We still think that we're going to show year-over-year improvements, and the good news here is the cash flow increase even with higher capital spending in the quarters. So, last year we had a number of issues on the working capital side as it related to growing the business outside the U.S. I think we're doing a better job of that now and the trick of our working capital is making sure it's sustainable. And we're trying to put programs in place, business-by-business so that we capture working capital improvements and sustain them. And we've shown a tremendous progress in working capital management. Since mid 2005 and we had another increment improvement about 70 to 100 basis points improvement budgeted through this year.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And just better, our cash flow generation in the first quarter in both in the businesses and then managing our working capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And serving the 100 basis points improvement that's on revenues?
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. All right, that's helpful, thanks. Also wanted to ask if I could in Ilim, John I curious about your views on the Russian log export terrace and how you think it's going to; a) how you think it's going to play out and b) how you think it's going to impact international paper?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't predict how it's going to play out other than to say the there is a lot of negotiation going on but at the end of the day there is going to be a tariff. Now how much; when it goes in; what's grant funded and what's not. I mean there are a whole bunch of discussions around Russia getting into the WTO, they are tied up in that but everything I have heard, the Russian government has said there is going to be tariff. And so, I think there is going to be one and in fact in some cases I think the tariffs already gone in, but it's kind of hard to figure out all the exactly what's happening but the bottom line is you can't hurt us, it can only help us. We are sitting in Russia. All the wood we use in Western Russia goes right by our gates to Finland. We process all our wood in Russia, sell our products in Russia which is what the Russian government wants and in our joint venture we did the same thing. So, we are it's not uniquely, where one is just a small handful of companies that is doing just what the Russian government put this duty in your tax and to encourage which is processing Russia.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay that's helpful. And my last question was on slide 49, back on the cost inputs, just to clarify that the non-U.S. cost that you list, I presume is Europe and Brazil, but excludes Asia, as in foot note says. So that's both Russia and China would be excluded from these numbers?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, they are exclusive joint ventures that we equity account.
Tim S. Nicholls - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. Yes, we wouldn't have element there, would have our European, Eastern and Western operations and it would have Brazil.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And John, I don't want to split hairs on this but, if many of these cost inputs are bought on a quarterly basis, and if spot prices up sharply today, to suggest that your cost might be flat for the first quarter, does that imply you expect this spot to rollover or?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. That's not putting here. I didn't say that at all. I didn't say I was forecasting flat input cost, nothing, I'm not. I just suggesting it in terms of second quarter. This input cost reflects, we would expect our second quarter earning to be higher than our first quarter.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. I understood. And would you say that the average lag on these, I know they very but would it be about a quarter on this various contracts about the one quarter lag and what's going on in the actual market. I think some things volume be longer than that maybe cold, might even be 12 months?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, its all over the map. And we've got some contracted customers that allow for pass-through, some that don't, some of them have re-openers and so you get the pass-through but you don't get it immediately because it might be two re-openers a year. So, it's all over the map on that but you are absolutely right. That's not put in here as, input cost are high and may go higher.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. All right. Good luck with the quarter. Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover with D. A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Thanks. Many of my questions have been touched on so I guess the so do elaborations. Starting with the wood situation in Russia, why is it up being used for heating or pallets because I guess I though that the tariffs would have already decreased exports and therefore provided better supply within.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What's happened to Russia is it's mostly weather related and weather related in the west for us and set it for us [ph] it's a big chunk of it. And then in the East in the joint venture, we are spending capital as Tim mention on forestry, infrastructural and productivity so that we can reduce our wood cost. So, when you have one weather it mean the logging roads in the Russia aren't made to be year around. They are made on the expectations as they are freeze, so you give in the winter. So, if you don't have a normal winter which we haven't had for a couple of winters in Western Russia you can't get down on the logging roads which means you have to go further to get wood which drives the cost up.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Okay. And so are your presumably there is still and some sort of spring breakup now. Are your wood supplies adequate for second quarter? Is that going to be an on going issue?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Supplies are excellent. It's just the price we have to pay for it.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Okay. And then going back to the situation in freesheet where we saw substantially higher drop in March than the quarter average. Can you comment on what that might have been? Was the economy did substitution in all of a sudden increase and I guess is 10% the new 5%?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think some of that is where Easter fell during the quarter, and there are probably some pre-buying to head of the entered freesheet increase. I mean Tom Kadien is sitting here who runs xpedx. Maybe he can talk about how he feels it.
Thomas G. Kadien - Senior Vice President: Sure. The calendar and the way it laid out with shipments and customers throughout the distribution channels really didn't it wasn't our plan in the month of March. We had a 21 day March which is short of a typical 22 or 23 day month and March is really when we get our biggest shipments. So loosing the days and then having the Easter fall where it did in the calendar impacted the March shipment numbers. I'd say by a couple of percent.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Okay, thanks. And final question, I understand how the election cycle can theoretically or used theoretically benefit newsprint consumption. But I've heard today in the previous presentation from you how the election cycle might impact uncoated freesheet and I'm not sure I get it. So, maybe you could explain that?
Thomas G. Kadien - Senior Vice President: : Used it see theoretically, the way we think about it. Typically there been pretty strong correlations between the Olympics and paper consumption where the Olympics are being held and election years and paper consumption. Because of the Verizon direct mail that all of this get all the time. So, if we see paper consumption going down in the election year which we never said we thought there be strong growth just because election year we said theory required might not be as sharp. What we're seeing now is we got a basically a significant downturn on top of this that impacts advertising and it affects consumer behavior that affects just what the banks are doing. So, I mean when Citigroup and Cap Align [ph] and all these financial institutions decide to cut back on advertising because they really going through a lot of financial difficulties and feel like it doesn't make sense of solicit for home equity loans now where having prices are going down. A new credit card usage when their bad debts are going up, that impacts printing demand and it impacts envelope demand. And uncoated freesheet also tracks like color unemployment levels still relatively low, they had been inching up a bit.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Got it.
Thomas G. Kadien - Senior Vice President: : But you got to back all that stuffs goes into the hopper.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your final question for today comes from Don Roberts with CIBC World Markets.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Thank you. John, two quick questions, first of all I guess with the secular concern with the energy and chemical prices, especially if we see pricing of carbon in the future, what's your view if you sit back in the table and say over the next 3 to 5 years, the opportunity to run your facilities increasingly as bio-refiners that produce more energy in chemicals in addition to your core pulp and paper products?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, remember we are 60% energy self-sufficient on average, across our businesses and we are pushing for to use less BTUs, to make a ton of paper or packaging grade products and we've a taken of couple of $100 million out of our cost structure. Whether it makes more sense to turn some of these units into energy sellers as opposed to paper makers is there is a set of economics that could lead you down that path. I mean it's already happened in aluminum industry, I know some aluminum companies in Brazil and when energy prices spike, stop making aluminum products and started to selling power to the grid. We might see ourselves in that position but I think it would take a significant step change from where we are and anything possible, if you look at our Mellon oil is going to go $15 a barrel when it did and no one thought it was going to go to $120 a barrel and it did. I think what I take away from that is it's a mistake to look at things and say they'll never change, whether they are high or low.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: So when you look at it, is it just pretty energy or are your sort of R&D folks saying there is an array of chemicals side that your markets as you go look at it over time as well?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not sure I understood the question Don.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Well, when you are looking at I mean energy is one opportunity here.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: I am just thinking as we look at these in a craft pulp platform, energy is one output; there is series of industrial chemicals as well. I am just wondering if I look at the 3 to 5 years and say we got this potentially strong headwind, especially at carbon pricing, they get serious on it. It is their ways to take this existing asset base that you are looking at and I guess do that step function. Is that an area that you are focusing onto some extend?
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say it's a big focus for us because we have looked at the impact of say lots like ethanol both on wood cost but also the technology say you lot to get ethanol. And think that's it may develop over time, but I think there will be other non-fossil fuel sources of the energy that have good economics ahead of say a lots of wood based, say a lot to get on that switch grass is in other residues or another story. We are not spending a lot of R&D time trying to figure how we can make pub mills and do power plants. They already are and you get energy to make our products and I think we'll be able to continue to do that because even if we have high energy costs.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Okay. Got another question but I'll follow that offline given the time.
John V. Faraci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Tom Cleves for closing remarks.
Tom Cleves - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Cynthia. Thanks everyone for participating in the call. And as I said Investor Relations operators are standing by for additional questions as giving time claim for extra questions. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's International Paper first quarter 2008 earning conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Cleves - VP of IR John Faraci - Chairman & CEO Marianne Parrs - EVP & CFO Brian McDonald - Deputy CEO -Ilim
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Claudia Shank - JP Morgan Chip Dillon - Citi Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse George Staphos - Banc of America Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Peter Ruschmeier - LehmanBrothers Mark Weintraub- BuckinghamResearch Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson John Tomazo - John TomazosEndophagic Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amandaand I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like towelcome everyone to the International Paper Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After thespeakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OperatorInstructions). Thank you.  I would now like to turn the callover to Tom Cleves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Cleves: Thanks, Amanda. Good morning, andthank you for joining International Paper's third quarter 2007 earningsconference call. This call is also being webcast.  Our key speakers this morning areChairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Faraci; and Chief Financial Officer,Marianne Parrs.  During this call, we will makeforward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Theserisks and uncertainties are outlined on slide 2 of our earnings presentation andat the end of our earnings press release.  Please go to our website underthe investors tab to find copies of our third quarter 2007 earnings pressrelease, the presentation slides, and a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measuresto Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.  I'll now turn it over to John.
John Faraci: Thanks Tom, and good morning.This morning as usual Marianne and I are going to do a couple of things. We'llreview our third quarter 2007 earnings results and the performance of ourindividual businesses. We'll discuss the fourth quarter outlook, we'll talkabout where International Paper is and its transformation plans. And then,we'll take your questions. We had a solid third quarter, infact our best absolute quarter since the second quarter of 2000. For the thirdconsecutive quarter, we posted the best absolute earnings in the last sevenyears.  North America printing papers, posted its best quarter since 1995,benefiting from average prices, reduced maintenance outage cost and good costperformance all around the system.  Brazil's EBIT improvedsignificantly driven by higher average prices, improved volume and mix. Onceagain, xpedx reported solid quarterly earnings benefiting from higher prices,increased volumes and market share, and the addition of some Central Lewmar earnings which we bought into the company in the thirdquarter.  Product pricing improved versussecond quarter and uncoated papers, pulp and packaging grades has realized someor all of the announced price increases.  Overall operations were fair, butI think we can do better. We began producing lightweight linerboard inSeptember, at Pensacola.I was there on Monday, and were already ahead of our ramp plan.  Raw material cost particularly inNorth America continue to be somewhat higher driven by increasing chemical,wood and waste cost, a little bit offset by favorable energy cost. I think it'svery important and we feel good about the fact we were able to offset thesecost increases with increased realizations. In volume, land sales and tax ratewas flat quarter-to-quarter.  Slide 5 shows our dilutedearnings per share from continuing operations before special items. We reportedthird quarter earnings of $0.57, 10% higher than the second quarter of $0.52and 26% above our last years third quarter of $0.45.  We are pleased with our progresson increasing earnings and improving our global paper and packaging businesses.We said two years ago that a key element of our transformation plan wasimproving margins and improving earnings in our existing businesses, and overthe last two years as you can see from the slide, we've done just that. But wewant you to know we are not finished yet, we still have more earnings runwayand even as our forestland sales tell-off over the next few years. Next, turn to slide 6, some highlighthow we performed in each global region in the third quarter versus the secondquarter. As I said earlier, we had strong performance in the US andBrazilian printing papers and that drove our earnings improvement over thesecond quarter. We did not expect a strong third quarter in Europe, even havingsaid that, we still expect very good earnings for Europeversus 2006, when it's all set and done.  I'll now ask Marianne to commenton our third quarter results by business in little more detail.
Marianne Parrs: Thanks, John and good morningeveryone. Slide 7, compares diluted earnings per share from continuingoperations and before special items for the nine months of 2007 versus the ninemonth of 2006. Moving from left to right, paper and packaging prices weresignificantly higher on average in 2007 and this added $0.51 per share to ourearnings. Year-over-year, we have improved our prices more than our input costsby $0.33 per share.  Slightly lower volumes reducedearnings by $0.02 per share in 2007. Volume increases in Brazil, European papers and US pulp wereoffset by lower North American paper and packaging volume. We've intentionally passedon volume in favor of balancing our capacity with customer's demand and thishas enabled us to realize higher average selling prices. America joined very well in 2007,with manufacturing cost and mix, $0.22 per share favorable versus 2006.One-time Pensacolamachine conversion expenses reduced earnings by $0.06 per share. Input addistribution costs were unfavorable reducing earnings by $0.19 per share or$129 million and I will give you that in a little bit more detail in a moment.Lower land sales in 2007 reduced earnings $0.17 per share versus 2006. The combination of lower interestexpense, lower share count and earnings from selected reinvestment increasedearnings by $0.59 per share. Unallocated and other expenses favorably impactedresults by $0.15 per share year-over-year and this is driven primarily by lowerpension expenses. Plant closure cost in our packagingbusinesses reduced earnings by $0.03 per share and lost earnings from sales atArizona Chemical and coated paper and the loss of harvest incomes from the saleof our forestlands reduced earnings by $0.33 per share. This chart on slide 8 nowcompares third quarter results with second quarter results. Moving left toright. Higher average price realization for our paper grades across all regionimproved earnings by $0.04 per share. Third quarter volumes were flat. Strongpaper volumes in Brazilwere partially offset by weaker volume seasonally in European container. In the third quarter, our millsran as well as in the second quarter. Cost mix improved by $0.04 per share dueto lower maintenance outage expansion partially offset by higher cost in ourconverting systems. Expenses related to theconversion of the Pensacolamachine to lightweight linerboard reduced earnings by $0.02 per sharequarter-to-quarter. Chemicals and wood costs were unfavorable reducing earningsby another penny. Land sales were flat quarter-to-quarter, and as you knowbelow our original guidance of $110 million to $140 million. Lower interest expense increasedearnings by $0.01 per share and other items decreased earnings by $0.01. Slide nine provides details onthe $129 million increase in input and distribution costs for the nine monthsof 2007 versus the same period for 2006. We’ve actually increased ouryear-over-year EPS by $0.67, despite this $0.19 in input cost headwind. Wood cost increased by $59million due primarily to the south central west weather conditions. As you knowit’s been very wet there, tight supplies and lower inventories. And I did wantto note that this slide does not include OCC, Old Corrugated Containers. Our OCC cost this year is upabout $29 million on a net basis, increased cost to the mills, higherrealization and sales from our box plant.  For more information on inputcosts, see slides 38 to 41 in the appendix. Now, let me turn to how ourbusiness has performed in the third quarter and slide 10 shows that earnings inprinting papers improved from $249 million in the second quarter to $307million in the third quarter, and that was due to improved results both in North America uncoated and in Brazilian papers. North America uncoated paper earnings were 45% higher in the thirdquarter versus the second quarter. Earnings improved primarily due to lowermaintenance outages expenses and higher average uncoated free sheet prices.These savings were partially offset by higher raw material cost and slightlylower volume. Pulp earnings were flat during the quarter, it benefits fromhigher average prices and improved operation were offset by higher cost of plannedmaintenance outages.  European papers earnings declinedby 19% and that was again due to higher maintenance outage expenses at our Saillatand Kwidzyn mills partially offset by higher prices and favorable foreignexchange.  Brazil earnings improved due togreater volume, higher prices, better mix and a $7 million book timber sales.We currently estimate fourth quarter earnings in Brazil to be about flat with thirdquarter results and that fourth quarter 2007 EBITDA run rate to beapproximately $375 million.  Slide 11, shows our global paperearnings by region. And as you can see, lower European paper earnings resultedfrom higher maintenance outage expenses that I mentioned are partially offsetby higher prices and favorable foreign exchange. And if you'd like to see moredetailed information on earnings by region, please turn to slide 35 in theappendix.  Slide 12, shows that industrialpackaging earnings declined from $139 million in the second quarter to $115million in the third quarter.  So, let's turn to slide 14, foradditional detail on our industrial packaging results. The lower industrialpackaging earnings were driven primarily by seasonally lower European containervolumes as expected. Towards American container volumes were down slightly versusthe second quarter but were better than the industry average.  High other items including higherraw material cost were partially offset by lower maintenance outage expenses. Pensacola conversionstartup cost also impacted earnings by $10 million versus last quarter, and weincurred restructuring cost to $7 million, which is early rationalization.  Export container board marketsremained strong, our inventory levels are low, our backlogs are strong and weare realizing our announced box price increases. In fact in October, ouraverage price per box has increased by almost $30 a ton versus our Septemberaverage. We expect Pensacolaconversion cost to be about $5 million to $10 million less in the fourth thanthe third quarter of 2007.  Turning to slide 14, consumerpackaging earnings were essentially flat. US coated paperboard benefited fromimproved pricing and lower maintenance outage expenses but this was offsetsomewhat by higher input cost, especially wood.  Looking at the convertingbusinesses, food services earnings were slightly lower than the seasonallystrong second quarter driven by slightly higher raw material and manufacturingcost and show all these results were about flat quarter-to-quarter.  On slide 15, xpedx continues tobuild momentum posting another strong quarter. Third quarter operating profitswere $40 million compared with $38 million in the second quarter. This marks eightconsecutive quarter of record earnings for xpedx. Earnings included about $2million from our Central Lewmar acquisition.  Slide 16, shows the forestproducts earnings were relatively flat, as you know, land sales can be lumpyand hard to predict, precisely because transactions can move fromquarter-to-quarter. We do expect full year 2007 earnings from land sales to beapproximately $450 million. Our objective continues to maximize value not thetiming of sales. At the end of the third quarter, we had about 390,000 acresremaining in our portfolio. Turning to cash flow on slide 17.We were not pleased with our working capital performance in the second quarter,but in the third quarter our working capital metrics improved and we generatedmore than $380 million in free cash flow. As sales increased and pricesincreased the value of our inventories and receivables increased as well butour ending working capital and as excluding cash and current debt maturities asa percent of sales declined from 11.2% in the second quarter to 10.3% in thethird quarter. I should note, we now expect fullyear CapEx to be about $1.3 billion and that will include $210 million ofspending on our new Tres Lagoas paper machine in Brazil, the third Sun joint venturepaper machine and the Svetogorsk BCTMP mill. Looking ahead to 2008, we expectCapEx including the Tres Lagoas and Sun Joint venture spending to be roughlyequal to depreciation and amortization. There are no spending numbers for Ilim includedin these numbers.  I also want to mention that wehave updated some other full year key financial statistics, in the appendix, onslide 13.  And slide 18, third quarterspecial items and discounted operations are detailed. Special items after taxin the third quarter of 2007 totaled a loss of $23 million or $0.05 per share.  Slide 19 shows you how you getfrom the $0.57 of diluted earnings from continuing operations and beforespecial items to the $0.51 per share of net earnings that we reported thismorning. Now, before I turn this back toJohn, let me remind you that we expect to report the Ilim joint venture resultson a one quarter left. So, the joint venture's fourth quarter 2007 results willbe included in our first quarter 2008 results. There will be no impact from Ilimin our fourth quarter 2007 earnings. So, now let me turn this back toJohn.
John Faraci: Thanks, Marianne. I am on slide20 for those who are following along. Another one to start with, just show theEBIT margin percentages over the last several years and as you can see westeadily increased margins in our core businesses and when I say corebusinesses, I mean, all of our businesses with the exception of forestproducts, forest resources and our divested businesses. These improvements as you can seehere have been significantly consistent and even in North America where market conditions and cost pressures has been challenging.We remained focused on our non-price improvement initiatives, but the mostimportant thing we can do is continue to expand their margins, that’s why we'vebeen aggressively balancing our supply with our customers demand resulting insignificant price improvement here in North Americaand lower costs. Earnings both in Brazil and Eastern Europewere also contributing to this overall margin expansion. For example, our ninemonths EBITDA margins in Brazilare in the 40% range and in Eastern Europe in the 30% range, well above North America. Our increasing mix of global earnings isalso helping to balance our earnings capacity. Slide 21 shows that we continueto increase our North American EBITDA, which we expect will account for 30% ofour total EBITDA this year versus only 20% in 2002. Where is it growing? Well,it’s growing in Brazil withthe addition of Luiz Antonio, it will further increase with the addition of TresLagoas Paper Machine in 2009; that capacity will be primarily dedicated to Latin America. EBITDA is growing in Asia, but it’s still growing from a small number. Weexpect Sun Joint Venture's third coated paperboard machine to start-up later in2008. We are increasing our EBITDA in Eastern Europe and Russia. Our BCTMP line is expectedto start up in December of this year, that’s being built permission to Svetogorskand we've closed on our Ilim Joint Venture and as Marianne said, we will reportthe earnings for Ilim on a one quarter lag. Slide 22 shows how the transformationplan is making a difference for International Paper and it shareholders. We arenow nine months to the year and our year-to-date earnings had surpassed ourfull year 2006 earnings of $1.34 a share. We are not getting the volume weexpected in North America, but we are growingmargins and EBIT and we are trading volume for price by matching again oursupply to our customers demand.  The largest component as thisslide shows of our improvement, it has been the improvement of our corebusinesses which has added $0.69 shared earnings on a year-over-year basis.Lower interest cost and lower share count have also contributed significantlythe improvement, but as you can see here, we’ve been able to offset all theearnings the one away with the best of businesses. Looking at the fourth quarter, weexpect the fourth quarter will be better than the fourth quarter of last yearand slightly better than the third quarter. North America's containerboardvolumes will benefit from the Pensacolacapacity, as Marianne said, we’ve already gotten $30 of box price increase intoour October results.  Europevolumes will be better, seasonally the fourth quarter is better than thirdquarter. But all the other segments, we expect to slow down, as we move intothe quarter, Thanksgiving is right around the corner and we know once we getpassed Thanksgiving, it gets pretty slow until we pull out of January. In addition to the box pricing, wewill be getting some improvements in pricing in pulp and paper. We expect woodand transportation cost to continue to increase and we think energy is going tostay high, so with that all said, we do expect fourth quarter earnings to beslightly better than the third quarter and we expect forest resources earningswill be higher than the third quarter levels, as well.  Interest and taxes will also behigher, interest will be higher because of debtless cash, so less interestincome and as we look at our tax-rate and sources of earnings our tax-rate willprobably be a little bit higher in the fourth quarter. So, summing up, as I said, weexpect earnings from continuing operations and before special items in thefourth quarter would be slightly better than they were this quarter.  Looking beyond 2007, slide 24shows how we're building the capacity to continue to increase our earnings.Taking our cost and improving mix that's about $0.28 a share year-to-datebefore the outage impact. So, that continues to be a big, big lever, plus, weare selectively reinvesting in high margin, low cost and high growth areas withprojects to produce good returns and let me talk about few of them.  The Luiz Antonio mill will have afull year benefit next year, it will be ramping up our production in LightweightLinerboard of Pensacola, Riegelwood will be on Fluff Pulp and that's sold outalready. And we'll have the BCTMP mill at Svetogorsk running. And our share of Ilimearnings will contribute to our 2008 results.  Beyond 2008, our earnings willcontinue to benefit in the addition of the third coated paperboard machine atour Sun Joint venture in Shandong province andour new uncoated freesheet machines as far as it goes in Brazil. So, in closingbefore we go to your questions, our goal is what it has been for the lastcouple of years continuing to be a more profitable cost of capital earningscompany in our global paper and packaging businesses that has superior returnson an absolute and related basis over the cycle.  So Tom, lets open it up toquestions.
Tom Cleves: Thanks John. Amanda, we are nowready to take questions, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Yourfirst question is from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Good morning. I was wondering ifyou could talk in a little bit more detail about the decline in uncoated freesheetdemand in North America the last couple ofmonths. And I think you'd mention that your box volumes, your order books arepretty strong, I think you may be talk about that as well?
John Faraci: Well, uncoated freesheet demandGail it has been weak all years, so I don’t think there is any pronounced trendhere at all. We are seeing more of the same, top-line off the cliff, but itsdown, I think the real numbers in terms of commercial print are down quite thatmuch because you've got some other uncoated freesheet grades that are goinginto the low-end of commercial print, but there is no question theyear-over-year numbers are negative. They have been negative for a couple of yearsand we are planning that the market is not going to grow in North America. On the box side, our box volumeis down about little less than 2% year-to-date. On a quarter-to-quarter basis,our box volume was up about 1%, but you have to adjust that for the number ofdays, as well. So, box volume is certainly in better shape if you just look atthe overall market than uncoated freesheet.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Just on the North Americanprinting papers, can you quantify Marianne the benefit from less downtime inthe quarter, was that a big contributor to the earnings improvement?
Marianne Parrs: The benefit of less outages, isthat what you are talking about, maintenance outages?
Gail Glazerman - UBS: It is, yes.
Marianne Parrs: Third quarter to second quarterit was approximately $17 million. We've got big price realizations in thequarter, prices were up about $22 million, so that was the single strongestdriver of improvement quarter-to-quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from MarkWilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
John Faraci: Hi, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: The numbers in Europestill seem kind of weak to me even with that seasonal stuff that you mentioned andin light of the OpEx?
John Faraci: Mark, you are talking about boxesor paper?
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Talking more about the packagingside of the business, John.
John Faraci: Okay. Alright.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: I think you exited the UK and I don’t know how much of that UK exitcontributes to that year-over-year volume drop in the European containerbusiness?
John Faraci: Well, it does contribute to,remember we had a fire at a plant in Turkey. So, we lost a big chunk at Turkey -- our capacity in Turkey, thatplant has been rebuilt and is starting up now. So, you were on our way tohaving a record year in the box business in Europe, Northern Africa and theMiddle East, Turkeyand we are in pretty good shape there. So, I’m not worried about the box volumein Europe.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and John. Any sense withthese ISM numbers out yesterday that continue to soften in North America, are you seeing any reflection of that in any of yourpacking-related businesses?
John Faraci: Well, it’s a mix bag, Mark. Thejobs numbers this morning was very good. We'll have to say that that’s probablya sign that people feel optimistic about the holiday season with retail salesstandpoint. The weak dollar is helping us in some segments because ourcustomers in the box packaging businesses are more export competitive. We'vegot an overweight slightly in our durables component of our box business and themarket is about 80, 20 and we are probably 25% durable, so that segment is stillvery weak. And I think that the purchasing index suggest that manufacturersdoesn’t feel like 4% GDP growth, I guess this is where I’ll be at.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And last thing, John just afollow up. Can you talk a little bit about the uncoated freesheet pricingbecause your quarter-to-quarter gains seemed a little smaller than I would haveexpected, yet your earnings were up nicely?
John Faraci: Well, we ran well and it wascontinuing to take cost out, the uncoated freesheet the roll side of thepricing increase really is a fourth quarter number. We got about $10 a ton onoffset in October versus September and about $30 and on below. So, we get inthat price increase as flowing through which is flowing through in the fourthquarter.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, very good. Thanks John. 
Operator: Your next question is from ClaudiaShank with JP Morgan
Claudia Shank - JP Morgan: Hi, thanks very much, goodmorning.
John Faraci: Hi, Claudia.
Claudia Shank - JP Morgan: Could you just provide a littlebit more color on the consumer packaging business and how should think aboutthat going into next quarter? List prices for bleach board keep moving up,volumes little bit better than I thought and then there was less maintenance inthird quarter, so I guess even with --
John Faraci: You said an important word thereClaudia, list prices. What really important. 
Claudia Shank - JP Morgan: So, what's going on?
John Faraci: Our transaction prices, its up,there are couple of different segments, you've cup stock, you've got foldingcarton, and then you've got tobacco board and some of the grades, tobacco boardtends to be priced on an annual basis, cup stock has been moving up, but therehave been a lot of cost increases in cup stock and folding carton prices havebeen moving up, but they are a lot stickier because there is a lot morecompetition, there are alternative materials. So, list prices going up is thegood thing, but what we need to get is transaction prices up to same as listprices. For us, we got significant more outages coming up in the fourth quarterand we expect sure we would have a better fourth quarter than third quarterfood service will tail-up with the seasonal part of this and we are alsoincurring some restructuring cost and I’m sure which is substantially shutdown,two plants in North America and in the third quarter as we are transitioningmore of that business to Mexico, and I believe the cost to doing that wereabout $7 million.
Claudia Shank - JP Morgan: And how, so you still got alittle bit of a seasonal pick up and ensure right what you would think in thefourth quarter?
John Faraci: Yeah. Food service is going to beweaker, because we are going into the weak time of the year and we've gotoutages coming up in consumer and in the bleach board system. 
Claudia Shank - JP Morgan: Okay. That's helpful. And then Iwas just hoping -- I know it's little early but can you provide any guidanceson corporate expense for next year. I think in the slide you said that supplychain expense is going to be about $200 million this year, which I think is alittle bit lower than what you've said before so, does that mean next year it goesto sort of I think you've been talking about 225 numbers for this year so doesthat mean that you got a little bit more next year on that supply chaininitiative?
Marianne Parrs: Claudia, we are just in theprocess of finalizing the budgets for next year. So, directionally you areright. Supply chain spending was little bit lower this year than we hadexpected at the beginning of the year. And directionally, it's partly going tobe roughly the same but we haven't finalized the budgets, yet. I will be ableto share more information with you on the next quarterly call and what we thinkcorporate will be.
Claudia Shank - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from ChipDillon with Citi.
Chip Dillon - Citi: Yes. Good morning. What do yousee the land, you mentioned that your land portfolio and what do you think thatacreage will be at year end?
John Faraci: Well, it's 300,000 plus acres now.
Marianne Parrs: 90,000 at the end of thirdquarter.
Chip Dillon - Citi: And then how many more acres youthink will be sold by year end?
John Faraci: I just don't know, Chip. Thosesales were coming in now. Pretty lumpy, not so much related to the market, justit is much smaller portfolio and the sales were a lot more targeted. So, Iwould want to make a forecast about the acres we have are up, we are only doingdeals that we think that is the right values.
Chip Dillon - Citi: Got you. 
Marianne Parrs: And the values have kept up verywell, compared to what we expected in appraisals.
John Faraci: That's an important point. Wehaven't seen any value leakage at all in selling.
Chip Dillon - Citi: And could you give us just some ballparkas to what, I mean, I know this is mainly real estate higher better usage or issomething that is several times what straight timberland is worth on a per acrebasis or is it may be twice as much. 
John Faraci: It really depends Chip, and Iwouldn’t characterize, it's not really near-term real estate. A lot of it isrecreational land, a lot of it is landowners blocking up where we've gotadjacent ownership and some of it is longer-term development. When I saylonger-term development five years plus. You are getting over $2000 an acre onaverage for that land but the range will be very high, it will be from 1,500over 4,000 and then you've got different parcel sizes.
Chip Dillon – Citi: Got you. And last just as follow-up.You mentioned that you would see 450 for this year, if I understood you, doesthat not mean that you will have somewhat of an increase in the fourth quarter.It looks like if you did 297 so far this year, you'd get like a 150 or so inthe fourth, is that reasonable?
John Faraci: I think you can do the math, butyou don't get it.
Chip Dillon - Citi: Yeah. Okay just want to make someour calculator works. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from MarkConnelly with Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Just one question, John. Withrespect to Brazil,you talked about all the good things that are going on there, and clearly boththe volume and the price realizations are stronger. Can you talk a little bitabout where that paper is going and whether it is principally a domestic marketissue? And can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing cost wise theyare relative to North America?
John Faraci: About 50% of this is domestic,Mark. And then, the big chunk of what's not domestic is in the region. And thenthe third largest piece would be or kind of that, after that would come Europeand North America. I remember, BCP was sellinga lot of paper into Europe and in North America, we are selling less in NorthAmerica now, maybe a little bit more into the Europebut what's really important is the Latin American markets are growing, so theyare increasingly taking a bigger share of total production into the region.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: So, as you look at the bump involumes you got is most of that bump coming in the region, that’s what I am reallytrying to get at?
John Faraci: Yes. Remember we had a lot ofpipeline filling so, we weren’t selling our production and actually we oversoldour production, I think in the third quarter, we grew that inventories. On the cost side, we are gettinghit with higher energy costs that I believe is in a global phenomenon it’s justthat what’s going on in Brazil and currency is not going our way becauseobviously we've got Rial cost base and we've got some portion of our revenuesare dollar denominated.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thankyou. 
John Faraci: Having said that Mark, our EBITDAmargins still on the 40% range.
Marianne Parrs: And also we are getting very goodproduction out of Luiz Antonio, the Luiz Antonio's mill has been performingvery well.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks for your help.
Operator: Your next question is from GeorgeStaphos of Banc of America
George Staphos - Banc of America: Hi everyone, good morning. I amwondering, my first question piggy back on Mark’s question regarding Europe youhad said in your comments that the box business slowed seasonally and then asfar as the papers business where that maintenance spending was largely thefactor for profits being lower. Were there any other factors John, Marianne interms of profits being it’s typically within papers lower than last year, werethere any businesses or trends that are little bit below, where you would haveexpected them three months ago? And seasonally, as we look out to the fourthquarter, you are obviously looking for better performance, but does it looklike Europe will be up on a year-on-yearbasis?
John Faraci: Absolutely. George, Europe is going to be way up on a year-on-year basis. Year-to-dateat Europe it’s just severe and we are running almost double last year’searnings in Europe through the first ninemonths.
George Staphos - Banc of America: Okay. But….
John Faraci: And then container even thoughwe’ve sold some of them mentioned, we sold our UK box plants. Our packagingearnings in Europe are up about 20%year-to-date versus last year. So, in both businesses, run away to having arecord year. It's not gangbusters growth in Western Europe, what it is, is growthin Russia, we're selling more of the board that we are producing in Poland andwe’ve had a capital project to build more folding box board, we sign more thatin Eastern Europe with those export end, which is improving our realizationsand we are getting some pricing, we got some pricing improvement in Europe aswell, but its not a Western Europe volume driven thing at all. 
George Staphos - Banc of America: John, the best that you cananalyze this if you could on a same store or same business basis, will themarkets be up on a demand basis, Europe is notgangbuster as you mentioned?
John Faraci: In the fourth quarter?
George Staphos - Banc of America: Yeah.
John Faraci: Yeah. 
George Staphos - Banc of America: Okay. Now, just on non-priceimprovement you've done remarkable job there over the last several years,you've had a very good year this year, but when I compare the slide on the ninemonths versus the 3Q basis, it looks like the performance there slowed a littlebit in the quarter, was that largely just driven by the volumes being sluggishin a couple of businesses? Were there some other factors there? Thanks.
John Faraci: Well, one of the things is we hada fantastic second quarter. 
George Staphos - Banc of America: Right.
John Faraci: Really, it mean, we wayoutperformed our budget in the second quarter. We kind of came on budget in thethird quarter, which meant the third quarter wasn’t that much better than thesecond quarter. 
George Staphos - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks, I'll be back guys.
Operator: Your next question is fromRichard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, John and Marianne.John, can you just talk about the strategy of International Paper withincontainerboard in North America, and somewhat specifically with regards to thevolume that's coming up in Pensacolaand where that volume is going?
John Faraci: Well, the volume coming out of Pensacola which is in theLightweight Linerboard, so it's very targeted to specific customers they weren'tLightweight Linerboard. The export markets are quite good for Linerboard now.So, not specifically the Pensacola although we think we will export some out ofPensacola to selected markets but we will rebalance the system and we took theirhoe down so, that came out and as Pensacola ramps up, there will be someaddition to our containerboard production capacity, but as we look out in themarketplace where inventories are where orders are domestically and globally wefeel very good about being able to sell what we are making?
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And as following up onthat and as you look to the recent weakness of the US dollar versus the Euro,are you seeing a lot more opportunities for exports both in containerboard andin paper to Europe from North America?
John Faraci: Well. We've seen that for the lastcouple of quarters where the dollar has been related to other global currencies,it has been good for exporting from the US, but that's all function the demandand we are matching our supply to our demand on a global basis and there is noquestion that dollar word is helping US producer to be more export competitive.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And is that having much ofan impact on your European business particularly in the packaging business, isthat part of the reason that packaging in Europewas a bit weaker?
John Faraci: No. I think its probably puttingmore pressure on the paper side in terms of the capacity in Europe and some ofthat was exported, has been exported, with the strong Euro the margins on exportingpaper from Europe to other parts of the world aren't as good, so that paper istending to stay, in Western Europe which a lots of the operating rates and theinventories in Western Europe.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from PeterRuschmeier with Lehman Brothers.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Hi, thanks, good morning. John, Iwanted to ask if I could about Ilim, if you could give us a little more color,update on Ilim, both in terms of how you plan to report results in terms ofconsolidating, where we might find that in the income statement. Andimportantly I guess, remind us about the spending plans going forward and whatkind of growth trajectory we should expect from Ilim?
John Faraci: Well, let me just comment on thefirst part of that Pete, then Brian McDonald happens to be here today, who isheading up one of the big piece of Ilim. So, let him talk about how he seesbusiness there right now. As Marianne said, we are going to report Ilim on aone quarter lag. We haven't decided yet, how we are going to account for Ilimand we are working that through, and so we'll back to you probably when we geton our next quarterly call, when get that resolved, but it will be on a onequarter lag. So, the fourth quarter results for Ilim you will see in our firstquarter results. So, Brian why don't you talk about what you see, you just gotback from Russia.
Brian McDonald: I just got back Pete from couple ofweeks in Russia and a weekin China,visiting with our customers and I would say business over there is very robustand our customers and our employees in Group Ilim are very excited about thepartnership with International Paper and Ilim Group. Our partners in China where wedo almost the 1 million tons a year from Ilim understand the value thatInternational Paper can bring to the partnership and ability to produce moreproducts to produce better products and to improve service levels. So, it’s avery different dynamic and I think you get a flavor for that InternationalPaper when John went through how good Brazil was in the quarter. We seethe same things in Russiaand we see the same things in China,its very strong right now.
John Faraci: Pete on the capital spending side,we are still finalizing our plans but I think the good news here is Ilim is earninggood money and so the more money it earns, it just gives us more debt capacity,more cash flow to finance the capital program and I suspect at the end of theday, the speed of the capital program is going to be making sure we got theprojects really well defined not financing, but we'll have to see.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: How about on a trailing basis,John, can you remind us the LTM EBITDA for the business and what the CapEx kindof run rate has been?
John Faraci: Well, the Ilim's EBITDA is runningat over $400 million. So, I think our share of that is $200 million and we'veinvested slightly over $600 million for a 50% stake in a company that's earningover $400 million EBITDA.
Marianne Parrs: That still have to be adjustedfor US GAAP.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: All right.
John Faraci: And what was the CapEx spendingin kind of base loaded Ilim?
Brian McDonald: Pretty low, it would be a 100ishless than a $100 million.
Peter Ruschmeier - LehmanBrothers: Okay.
John Faraci: So, company has been spendingless than $100 million. We want to make sure that we are well organized to stepthat up because we anticipate it will step up quite a bit on specific projectsand the race isn't here to spend as fast as we can, it is to spend it well andspend it on the right things.
Peter Ruschmeier - LehmanBrothers: Okay. Just last question if I could on that, John. At a high level,I know you haven't committed to all this, but I believe you have indicated inthe past that over a multiyear period is it roughly $1.05 billion type ofspending at the JV, I understand it's non-recourse to IP, but is that theballpark to number and ballpark what kinds of the million tons goes that whatkind of number over roughly what timeframe?
John Faraci: Well, the $1.05 billion is stillthe number. You know, roughly in five year timeframe and the projects some of themwill be capacity expansion, other part would be printed paper in Russia, pulp for China. There will be productquality upgrades around paper for Russia and there may be somecontainerboard expansion. Most of these will be bottlenecks. It's not big newpaper machines. They are going to be upgrading what we have and there will be alot of cost reduction.
Peter Ruschmeier - LehmanBrothers: John thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from MarkWeintraub with Buckingham Research.
John Faraci: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Good morning. Just real quick Marianne,just wanted to make sure when you said the EBITDA are not adjusted for US GAAP,et cetera. I assume that when you do make those adjustments, you are not havingbig changes, not more than 10% or something like that, is that fair?
Marianne Parrs: It would be things likedepreciation.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Which shouldn’t affect theEBITDA.
Marianne Parrs: Yeah. It doesn’t affect cash.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Okay.
Marianne Parrs: As the key way to think about it,it's just switch in how the numbers on a non-cash basis might look.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Okay. Just pursuing the impact ofthe weak dollar a little bit more, do you have a sense John, of where mill netsare selling say liner or for that matter the uncoated free sheet products thatmight get exported? Will they compare now for your European experts or is thisyour domestic business?
John Faraci: Well, I think where prices areright now in Europe and in North America, it still doesn’t make sense for mostEuropeans to ship from Europe to the US. There is more profitability inEurope than there is -- and maybe with one or two exceptions, mill would havegreat logistics going into the US.And that's why understanding global pricing and we are in a great position todo that since we are selling in all markets, Asia, Brazil,Russia, Eastern Europe,Western Europe and North America. And I'd sayright, now pricing is at a point where it makes sense for the regionalproducers to be focusing on their local markets.
Mark Weintraub- BuckinghamResearch: Okay. So, it doesn’t make sense quite yet for US mills andlinerboard to be shipping it to Europe.
John Faraci: I was talking about paper, Mark.On linerboard, the US dollar for virgin linerboard, the US dollar puts US linerboardproducers in very good shape because on the virgin side, we've got acompetitive cost structure and we are mostly virgin we don't have a highrecycle component.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Right. And so, mill nets to Europe might be fairly comparable now to anything?
John Faraci: Yeah, we are not shipping much toAsia at all. At any place for mill mets arelittle bit lower than our North America and Latin America.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Okay. And then just lastly Idon't know if you have a perspective on this but the spread between test linerand class liner in Europe is unusually now actually maybe even test liners arelittle higher than class liner? What implications, what relevance might thathave, is this we are thinking about this business from your perspective?
John Faraci: Just looking around Mark, to seeif anybody knows more about that than I do, may be Tim Nichols -- love to getback to you on that.
Mark Weintraub- Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromSteve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Good morning. It looks like yourprofits are kind of ramping towards $3 hopefully on the sustainable basis, andyou had a great balance sheet. Is you are at point at which you are going tostart to reconsider the dividend?
John Faraci: Yeah. There is. I don't think weare right there, right now but that's something we have been, and we will continueto talk to our board about.
Steve Chercover - D. A. Davidson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from [John Tomazowith John Tomazos Endophagic Research].
John Tomazo - John Tomazos Endophagic: Could you just walk us throughthe capital to be employed and seven important growth projects on your slide 24.And in the aggregate, were the 20% return for EBIT return be a reasonable goalon the aggregate capital employed in this projects?
Research: Could you just walk us throughthe capital to be employed and seven important growth projects on your slide 24.And in the aggregate, were the 20% return for EBIT return be a reasonable goalon the aggregate capital employed in this projects?
John Faraci: Well, let me just go through thenumbers with you, John on the projects. The Pensacola conversion is about $350 millionand the Riegelwood fluff pulp project was about $80 million, Svetogorsk BCTMP about$150 million. The Sun joint venture machine, the last piece of that was 70 or80 is in my head, $70million or $80 million for that machine and then TresLagoas is about $290 million.
John Tomazo - John Tomazos Endophagic: Of course buying into Brazil and buying into Russia were big commitments?
Research: Of course buying into Brazil and buying into Russia were big commitments?
John Faraci: Luiz Antonio, I think about thatas there was a big swap, where we swapped trees, swapped the project throughthat VCP you've got to routine with $1.1 billion in capital and got LuizAntonio mill, plus all the timberland around the area and then we talked aboutthe Ilim joint ventures. So the returns on those projectsare all well above the cost to capital and they do vary, but they are all veryhealthy returns well into high double-digits or better. And the good news isthe fluff pulp projects are already sold out. BCTMP markets in Eastern Europe are very strong. The Sun joint venturemachine we are ready to sell that. Pensacola,we've got more orders right now in containerboards than we can ship and TresLagoas starts up in 2009. So they are not, they are reallynot North American driven projects with the exception of fluff pulp I would sayand like I said we've already have got all that volumes sold in the contract,that answer your question John.
John Tomazo - John Tomazos Endophagic: Yes, thank you very much.
Research: Yes, thank you very much.
Operator: We have a follow-up question fromMark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yeah. Hi. I wondered Marianne ifit's possible for you to estimate just the FX translation effect that you'vehad in the third quarter and then through nine months?
Marianne Parrs: It's not a very big number. Thereare pluses and minuses. It's pretty much a wash. There are pluses and minusesif you go around the world.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Well, it would seem like thedollar is weaker against almost every currency around the world, so it seemslike on a translation of offshore earnings it should be a net positive thisyear.
Marianne Parrs: One of the things that makes it alittle bit more complex than that is if you take a country like Brazil forexample, Brazil exports in dollar, so you don't get all the benefit that youmight be thinking of the weak US dollar for the translation effect of earnings.It does benefit Europe and then in Europe we have cross-country translation aswell, so we will have the translation effect of shipping from Eastern Europe,Europe or Poland intoWestern Europe, or into Russia.So the plays of currency are a little bit more complicated than they might seemon the surface and when you let everything out, it may be a small cost,$5million to $10 million.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche BankSecurities: Okay. All right. And John, you've talked about bringing down theoverhead in IP as you can shrink the domestic footprint. Can you just give ussome sense of where you are adding that process right now?
John Faraci: Our total overhead is runningflat year-on-year, that's total overhead dollars. As a percent of sales we area little bit lower than we were last year and I would say every time, we stillgot about a percent of sales of overhead that we are going to get out over a periodof time. We are going to do that through attrition, through Europefacilities and/or midst to doing that right now and in Shorewood in the containerdivision and in xpedx.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche BankSecurities: Okay.
John Faraci: Mark, I'd also just come back toyour question on currency, there is a big flaw on effective currency in ourpackaging business and despite the fact that box business is down the market isdown 1.9% or close to 2% year-to-date I think with the dollar where were it waswe would be looking at different numbers. So that doesn't show up in ourfinancial statements as a FX line but it's really there.
Marianne Parrs: I think it also helps pulppricing the weak dollar.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yeah, I think it' going to helppulp and a lot of other things next year if we stay where, we are [ahead] rightnow.
John Faraci: I agree with you.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks John, thanksMarianne.
Operator: We have time for one finalquestion. Your last question is a follow-up from George Staphos with Banc ofAmerica.
George Staphos - Banc of America: Just a quick one, I really thisisn't the outlook right now, but if you're in a weaker environment next year,would we expect distribution earnings xpedx to be following pretty much on pacewith what you had be seeing in paper or board, do you think that given whatyou've onto restructure of the business, asset business improve it through NPIas well that it should be a fairly, trend line stay business against the otherbusinesses?
John Faraci: George, as Tom Kadien, who runsthat business is sitting right here so I am going to let him answer that.
George Staphos - Banc of America: Hey, Tom.
Tom Kadien: Hi, George. I think we can dobetter than the trend line that you would be watching for uncoated or coatedpaper. We have many restructuring activities going on throughout xpedx, Johnmentioned the S&A we were down year-over-year significantly in headcountand yet we are growing the business relative to the markets we are competingin, we are gaining some share, so I think we can do better than the marketsthat you'd looking at for say uncoated free sheet or coated paper.
George Staphos - Banc of America: For kind of just dampened growthbut not a whole heck of a lot of volatility on the downside of impact that'swhat we had last -- next year.
John Faraci: Yes. I would agree with that.
George Staphos - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks very much guys. Goodluck in the quarter.
John Faraci: Well let me before we hang uphere to say that IR is able to answer any additional question for us, so I justwant to take this opportunity to tell you this will be Marianne's last earningscall and as I think all of you know Marianne is retiring after 33 years withInternational Paper. I don't have to tell you she is been an influential leaderin our organization throughout her carrier and from my perspective she has beena valued colleague and advisor and a personal friend and then very variable toour transformation plans. So I know all of you will join me in wishing her wellin the next chapter of whatever is coming next so. Marianne if want to addanything to that you can.
Marianne Parrs: All right. I would add to that isthat Tim Nicholls is going to be taking over CFO the 1st of December. I havebeen working with him for several months now here back in the United Stateand I think you all are going to find that he is extremely good for you to workwith and you'll enjoy it.
Tom Cleves: Okay. Thank you everybody. That'sit.
Operator: This concludes today's conferencecall. You may now disconnect.
Tom Cleves: Thank you, Amanda.
